 Halaiba is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Americardia media common name the Atlantic strawberry cockle is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae the cockles. This species can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America from Cape Hatteras to the West Indies.
 Stereoplasmoceratidae is an extinct family of actively mobile aquatic carnivorous cephalopods belonging to the subclass Nautiloidea endemic to what would be Asia during the Ordovician living from 490—457.5 mya existing for approximately 32.5 million years.
 Thais kiosquiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Sphaenothecus picticornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 Faronta was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Dargida
 Eriostepta sanguinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by British entomologist George Hampson in 1905 originally under the genus Araeomolis; Hervé de Toulgoët transferred it to Eriostepta in 1993. It is found in French Guyana Guyana Amazonas and Peru.
 Chryseofusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.Originally a subgenus of Fusinus Chryseofusus was raised to the rank of genus by Callomon & Snyder 2009
 Batrachedra libator is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Florida.
 Scopula calotis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Tawny Coster (Acraea terpsicore) is a small leathery winged butterfly which is common in grassland and scrub habitats. It belongs to the Nymphalidae or brush-footed butterfly family. It has a weak fluttery flight. It is avoided by most insect predators. This species and the Yellow Coster Acraea issoria are the only two Indian representatives of the predominantly African tribe Acraeini.
 Neodontobutis is a genus of freshwater sleepers native to eastern Asia.
 The Lesser Small-toothed Rat or Western Small-Toothed Rat (Macruromys elegans) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in West Papua Indonesia.
 Neoscona adianta is a species of spider found in Asia that hunts at night. N. adianta builds spiral shaped webs and may lure prey with awe-inspiring spots on its abdomen.
 Periphanes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Thalassotrechus barbarae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Thalassotrechus.
 The Yellow Pansy (Junonia hierta) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Palaeotropics. It is usually seen in open scrub and grassland habitats.
 The triplespine deepwater cardinalfish Sphyraenops bairdianus is a species of deepwater cardinalfish of probably cosmopolitan distribution at depths from 200 to 1750 m (660 to 5740 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Eupalamides guyanensis is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is widely distributed in northern South America from Venezuela to Guyana Colombia and Brazil (Para).The wingspan is 150-180 mm. Adults are dark brown with an olive-green hue. There is a creamy band on the forewing running from the costal margin to the inner angle. There are also five to six creamy spots forming a semicircular band at the apical region.
 The turkey moray Gymnothorax meleagris is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found in the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths down to 36 m. Its length is up to 1.2 m. They live in holes in the reef to quickly emerge to grasp passing fish by surprise attack. They sense prey by detecting smell through the water.
 Trymalitis margarias is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Opostegoides index is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is known from Assam in India.Adults have been recorded in July.
 Hopothia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sympistis shirleyae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is about 31 mm.
 Thitarodes jinshaensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Yang in 1993 and is known from Yunnan China.
 Pterocalla is a genus of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the family Ulidiidae.
 The Peruvian Piedtail Colibri De Hartert or ColibrÍ Colipinto Peruano (Phlogophilus harterti) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found only in Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Spinycheek sleepers (Eleotris) is a genus of sleeper gobies with a circumglobal distribution.
 Rhamphophryne nicefori is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ectoedemia ulmella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Kentucky and Pennsylvania.The wingspan is 4–5 mm. There are two generations per year. Mature larvae are found in July and in September.The larvae feed on Ulmus fulva and Ulmus thomasii. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a very fine brown or rarely whitish line not very winding in its early course and at about half its length abruptly enlarging.
 The White-tipped tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus penicillatus) is a rodent found only on the island of Madagascar. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss.
 Cylindraspis is a genus of recently extinct giant tortoises. All of its species lived in the Mascarene Islands (Mauritius Rodrigues and Réunion) in the Indian Ocean and all are now extinct due to hunting and introduction of non-native predators. Modern mtDNA studies of bone remains has determined that the Cylindraspis species were all descended from one species that colonised Mauritius from Madagascar by sea many millions of years ago.
 Costoanachis carmelita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Eupithecia lissopis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Aiptasia is a genus of a symbiotic cnidarian belonging to the class Anthozoa (sea anemones corals). Aiptasia is a widely distributed genus of temperate and tropical sea anemones of benthic lifestyle typically found living on mangrove roots and hard substrates. These anemones as well as many other cnidarian species often contain symbiotic dinoflagellate unicellular algae of the genus Symbiodinium living inside nutritive cells.
 Turbo pustulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.This has become a nomen dubium.
 Placidochromis longimanus is a species of cichlid native to the southern portion of Lake Malawi Lake Malombe and the Shire River. It is believed to only be found in areas vegetated with Ceratophyllum and Najas at approximately 10 metres (33 ft) in depth. This species can reach a length of 14.5 centimetres (5.7 in) TL. It is also important to local commercial fisheries as well as being found in the aquarium trade.
 The O'ahu 'Alauahio (Paroreomyza maculata) also known as the Oahu Creeper is a small finch-like bird that is endemic to the Hawaiian island of Oahu. It is a brown yellow bird with a small bluish bill. It is four inches long and has a small tail made up of mustard colored feathers. It feeds on invertebrates that were hidden under the bark of trees and it uses its the bill to remove the bark and the catch the insects using its specialized tongue.
 Izatha quinquejacula is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is known from the Three Kings Islands.The wingspan is 19–23 mm for males and about 26 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in November and December.
 Purius superpulverea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1925. It is found in Mexico and southern Texas.Adults have been recorded on wing in March October and November.
 Cephalogale is an extinct genus of bear-like hemicyonid carnivores of the late Oligocene through Miocene epochs endemic to North America and Europe living from around 33.9—20 Mya existing for about 33.9-20 million years.Before it was reconsidered to be close to the ancestry of hemicyonids Cephalogale was once considered to be an ancestor of all bears.
 Caryonopera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Liver flukes are parasites. They are a polyphyletic group of trematodes (phylum Platyhelminthes). Adults of liver flukes are localized in the liver of various mammals including humans. These flatworms can occur in bile ducts gallbladder and liver parenchyma. They feed on blood.
 Latoia is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
 Nola geminata is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1899. It is found in Madagascar.
 Cervaria are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Cervaria xylinella which is found in India.
 Cryptodactylus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Cryptodactylus aeneiventris Bourgoin 1922 Cryptodactylus albofasciatus Fisher 1935 Cryptodactylus binhensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Cryptodactylus coeruleus Saunders 1866 Cryptodactylus coomani Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Cryptodactylus cuprascens Kerremans 1892 Cryptodactylus cyaneoniger Kerremans 1892 Cryptodactylus fasciatus Baudon 1968 Cryptodactylus francoisi Baudon 1968 Cryptodactylus kerremansi Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Cryptodactylus laosensis Baudon 1961 Cryptodactylus lugubris Deyrolle 1864 Cryptodactylus philippinensis Saunders 1874 Cryptodactylus planicollis Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Cryptodactylus rondoni Baudon 1968 Cryptodactylus scutellaris Kerremans 1892 Cryptodactylus thomasi Baudon 1965 Cryptodactylus tonkinensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Cryptodactylus tristis Deyrolle 1864 Cryptodactylus vitalisi Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Cryptodactylus weyersi Kerremans 1903↑
 Daphnella omaleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Atelopus eusebiodiazi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Kepingaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Calluella guttulata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Cambodia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Idunella is a genus of crustacean in family Liljeborgiidae. It contains the following species:Idunella aequicornis (Sars 1876)Idunella excavata (Schecke 1973)Idunella longirostris (Chevreux 1920)Idunella nana (Schecke 1973)Idunella pirata Krapp-Schickel 1975Idunella sketi Karaman 1980↑
 Mycetophagus punctatus sometimes called the hairy fungus beetle is a species of fungus beetle.Fungus beetles often build heavy populations throughout the late summer and early fall. These mold-feeding beetles are sometimes found in decaying plant material damp cereals grains herbs spices cheese jam fibers and carpeting especially in cellars. Attracted by lights these small beetles can crawl or fly through window or door screens and then wander aimlessly.
 Rostratula is a genus of painted-snipes. It contains two extant species distributed across Africa Asia and Australia.
 Onthophagus taurus the taurus scarab is a dung beetle species in the genus Onthophagus.O. taurus has been utilized in the breakdown of manure on sheep and dairy farms worldwide. In September 2013 the species was released for the first time in New Zealand in Southland District. These beetles pull the manure into the ground to create their brood balls or egg chambers.
 Diodora candida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 For the plant genus see its synonym Geum.Orthurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
 Polyptychoides insulanus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from eastern Africa.
 The white Amur bream (Parabramis pekinensis) is a species of cyprinid fish of the monotypic genus Parabramis. The species was originally described as Abramis pekinensis. The name is derived from the Greek word para meaning the side of  and the Old French word breme a type of freshwater fish. It is found from Eastern Europe across Asia to China where it is a very important food fish. It has been introduced in several of the countries it is found in.
 Pusionella rapulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The White-sided Flowerpiercer (Diglossa albilatera) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Eilema celsicola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found in Madagascar.
 Hewitsonia ugandae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Tshopo and Tshuapa) and western Uganda.
 Betta dimidiata is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia. It is an inhabitant of swamp forest and forest streams and grows to a length of 4.6 cm (1.8 in).
 Eristalis oestracea is a European species of hoverfly. It is a furry bee mimic superficially resembling Merodon. The species are yellowish-black coloured.
 Acontia detrita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Queensland.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have brown wings. The basal half of each forewing is variable patchy pale brown and the marginal half is dark brown. The hindwings are brown fading somewhat toward the bases.
 Marmosops is a genus of Neotropic opossums of the family Didelphidae.
 Bembidarenas is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Bembidarenas riecheellum (Csiki 1928) Bembidarenas setiventre Negre 1973↑
 Heterotropa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Heterotropa fastosa which is found in Australia (the Northern Territory and Queensland).The forewings have a bold pattern of yellow brown and white.
 Amata bondo is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Austrophasiopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Oriental Garden Lizard Eastern Garden Lizard or Changeable Lizard (Calotes versicolor) is an agamid lizard found widely distributed in Asia. It has also been introduced in many other parts of the world. It is an insectivore and the male gets a bright red throat in the breeding season leading to a common incorrect name of Bloodsucker.
 Erato is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Triviidae the trivias. The genus name is taken from the name of the Greek muse Erato.
 Phyllonorycter deserticola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in restricted mostly arid habitats over a broad portion of the south-western United States and northern Mexico from southern Utah to Durango and west to northern California.The length of the forewings is 2.9-3.8 mm.
 Paraplodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Agriotypinae is a Palaearctic subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. There is only one genus (Agriotypus).The known species are aquatic idiobiont ectoparasitoids of Trichoptera pupae. Agriotypus is uncertainly placed and ranked. It has been placed in Proctotrupoidea and considered a family of Ichneumonoidea.
 Copula is a monotypic genus of box jellyfish in the family Tripedaliidae of the phylum Cnidaria. The only species in the genus is Copula sivickisi a very small gelatinous bell-shaped organism with four tentacles that is active only at night. It is unusual among box jellyfish in having a mating ritual and internal fertilisation. The specific name honours the Lithuanian zoologist Pranciškus Baltrus Šivickis.
 Prorella gypsata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colorado New Mexico Arizona and south-western Texas.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are creamy white. In the median area there is a large elongated rectangular costal patch which descends inward across the cell and contains an upright black discal streak. A narrow white outwardly angled band separates this rectangle from a similarly coloured subapical blotch.
 Diphtherocome autumnalis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Toxotes kimberleyensis is a species of archerfish found in the Kimberley region of western Australia. It was first named by Allen in 2004 and is commonly known as the Kimberley archerfish largescale archerfish or western archerfish.Members of this species once were thought to belong to a different species Toxotes oligolepis but direct comparison with the type material of T.
 Rhagoletis tomatis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 The Satin Stowaway or Banana Moth (Antichloris viridis) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colorado Panama Nicaragua and Venezuela. It has also been observed a number of times in Great Britain after being accidentally imported in fruit consignments.The larvae feed on Banana and are considered a serious pest in some areas.
 Parexilisia indecisa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1956. It is found in Madagascar.
 Ornipholidotos ugandae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Republic of Congo Gabon Angola the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on lichens preferring smaller varieties on dead twigs and fallen logs.
 The Tablas Drongo (Dicrurus menagei) is an Asian bird of the family Dicruridae. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Hair-crested Drongo. It is endemic to Tablas Island in the Philippines.
 Calosoma elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Calosoma found in Kazakhstan.
 Mitromorpha flammulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 The kirikuchi char Salvelinus leucomaenis japonicus is a freshwater fish in the Salmonidae family. It is endemic to the Kii Peninsula of central Honshu in Japan. It is the southernmost population of the char genus Salvelinus and is considered a relict in its region. Other fish of the same genus have however been introduced in the area and the kirikuchi char is hybridizing with them extensively.
 Labeo nandina is fish in genus Labeo.
 Tigrioides nitens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales the Northern Territory and Queensland.The forewings are pale brown.
 The Flavescent Bulbul (Pycnonotus flavescens) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family. Its name comes from flavescent a yellowish colour.
 Mordella laterufescens is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Pipiza luteitarsis is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Phidippus is a genus in the family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Some of the largest jumping spiders inhabit this genus and many species are characterized by their brilliant iridescent green chelicerae. Phidippus is distributed almost exclusively in North America with the exception of two exported species (Phidippus audax and Phidippus regius). As of 2004 there are 60 valid described species in the genus.
 Cosmopterix plumbigutella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 Euzophera albipunctella is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from China.
 The Buff-Bellied Hermit (Phaethornis subochraceus) is a species of bird in the Trochilidae family the hummingbirds.It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 The leopard gecko (Eublepharis macularius) is a crepuscular ground-dwelling lizard naturally found in the deserts of Asia and throughout Pakistan to the northwestern parts of India. Unlike most geckos leopard geckos possess movable eyelids. It has become a well-established and popular pet in captivity.
 Coleophora eucoleos is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.Adults are on wing in August.The larvae feed on Astragalus and Ammodendron species. They create a silky sheath-like narrow long and straight or slightly curved case. The caudal end curves downward gradually. There are very indistinct oblique wrinkles on the surface as well as weak longitudinal grooves. The valve is two-sided.
 The bobcat (Lynx rufus) is a North American mammal of the cat family Felidae appearing during the Irvingtonian stage of around 1.8 million years ago (AEO). With 12 recognized subspecies it ranges from southern Canada to northern Mexico including most of the continental United States. The bobcat is an adaptable predator that inhabits wooded areas as well as semidesert urban edge forest edges and swampland environments.
 Celaenorrhinus galenus the Common Orange Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria from Cameroon to Ethiopia and to Tanzania Malawi Zambia Angola Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of forests.Adults of both sexes feed from flowers growing low down along forest paths including those of Ipomoea palmata. They are on wing from September onwards becoming commoner in late autumn.
 Glipa sauteri is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1911.
 Nipponobuprestis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Nipponobuprestis amabilis (Snellen von Vollenhoven 1864) Nipponobuprestis bilyi Peng 1995 Nipponobuprestis orientalis Peng 1995 Nipponobuprestis guangxiensis Peng 1995 Nipponobuprestis querceti (Saunders 1873) Nipponobuprestis rubrocinctus Peng 1995↑
 Marmara habecki is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Florida.The larvae feed on Schinus terebinthifolus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Acronicta perblanda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Carteret County North Carolina and Stoddard County Missouri to northern Florida to southern Louisiana.Adults are on wing from March to April. There is probably one generation per year.
 Conus distans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Brommella hellenensis is a spider species found in Greece.
 Acarolella stereopis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Rhynchopyga ichneumonea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1869. It is found in Colombia.
 Utetheisa aegrotum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1892. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland and New South Wales.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are brown with white spots and a white bar. There is a large white basal patch on the hindwings.
 Lepidorhombus is a genus of turbots native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.
 Beddomeia fromensis is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Bathynectes is a genus of crabs in the family Polybiidae.
 The river cooter (Pseudemys concinna) is a freshwater turtle native to the central and eastern United States from Virginia south to mid-Georgia west to eastern Texas Oklahoma and north to southern Indiana. They are usually found in rivers with moderate current as well as lakes and tidal marshes.
 Orthaga achatina is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Butler in 1878 and is known from Japan and Russia.The larvae are a pest on Cinnamomum camphora.
 The antpipits Corythopis are a genus of birds in the Tyrannidae family. It contains the following species: Ringed Antpipit Corythopis torquatus Southern Antpipit Corythopis delalandi
 Syrnola arae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gueselderia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tetragonoderus undatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Dejean in 1829.
 Thesprotia brevis is a species of praying mantis found in Paraguay.
 Gorgopis pholidota is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Retimohnia acadiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Ianthodon is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid from the Late Carboniferous of United States of America.
 The northern mole vole (Ellobius talpinus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is distributed over large parts of Eastern Europe and Asia.
 Stigmella szoecsiella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Hungary Italy Greece and Turkey.The wingspan is 4.7-5.2 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Quercus cerris and Quercus trojana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a fairly slender corridor. The frass is concentrated in a central band that occupies about two thirds of the width of the gallery.
 Phtheochroa iodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Oodinus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oodinus alutaceus (Bates 1882) Oodinus amazonus (Chaudoir 1882) Oodinus arechavaletae (Chaudoir 1882) Oodinus darlingtoni Bousquet 1996 Oodinus edentulus Bousquet 1996 Oodinus exiguus (Andrewes 1933) Oodinus limbellus (Chaudoir 1882) Oodinus piceus Motschulsky 1864 Oodinus pseudopiceus Bousquet 1996 Oodinus similis Bousquet 1996↑
 The two species in the genus Cheiromeles are commonly referred to as naked bats hairless bats or naked bulldog bats as they are almost completely devoid of hair except for very fine coats on the tail head and in a collar about the neck.The skin is remarkably thickened black in C. torquatus and dark brown in C. parvidens. The wings are joined together along the middle of the back near the midline and the skin is strong and elastic.
 Alberada is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Phycitinae. It was described by Heinrich in 1939. Some sources list it as a synonym of Zophodia while others retain it as a valid genus.
 Mullerornis is the smaller of the two genera of extinct elephant birds (Aepyornithidae) of Madagascar (the other is Aepyornis). Species include Mullerornis agilis Milne-Edwards and A. Grandidier 1894 and M. grandis Lamberton 1934.
 Psyra spurcataria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Asia including Taiwan India and Bhutan.The wingspan is 45–53 mm.
 The common agama red-headed rock agama or rainbow agama (Agama agama) is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family found in most of sub-Saharan Africa.
 Not to be confused with Labiobarbus.Labeobarbus is a mid-sized ray-finned fish genus in the family Cyprinidae. Its species are widely distributed throughout eastern Africa and especially southern Africa but also in Lake Tana in Ethiopia. A common name in particular for the southern species is yellowfish. The scientific name refers to the fact that these large barbs remind of the fairly closely related carps in the genus Labeo in size and shape.
 Cerithiopsis dilata is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rolán Espinosa and Fernández-Garcés in 2007.
 Syrnola simplex common name the simple pyramid shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Odostomia salinasensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Blinded Sphinx (Paonias excaecatus) is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in Nova Scotia New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island and across the rest of Canada all the way to British Columbia. In the United States it ranges south to Florida in the east and westward to eastern California and as far south as central Texas.The wingspan is 60–85 mm.
 Mordellistena fletcheri is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1959 by Franciscolo.
 Eupithecia pantellata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Spain Portugal Sicily and North Africa and the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 14–16 mm.
 Goniobranchus preciosus is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Paraclinus sini the Flapscale blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico including the Gulf of California. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 The Philippine Green Pigeon (Treron axillaris) is a pigeon in the genus Treron. It is found in the forests of The Philippines. Many authorities split the species from the Pompadour Green Pigeon complex.
 Bolbena orientalis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bolbena in the order Mantodea.
 Ptychochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to rivers and lakes in Madagascar. One species (P. grandidieri) can also be seen in brackish water. Most species in this genus are threatened and P. onilahy is probably extinct. Most reach a length of 12–15 cm (4.7–5.9 in) but P. grandidieri reaches about 21.5 centimetres (8.5 in).
 The Durango chipmunk (Neotamias durangae) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Enneapterygius sheni is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Chiang and Chen in 2008.
 Haplochromis argens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is only known from the Tanzanian portion. This species reaches a length of 7.6 centimetres (3.0 in) SL.
 The Cracticinae Bellmagpies and allies gathers together 12 species of mostly crow-like birds native to Australasia and nearby areas.Historically the cracticines – (currawongs Australian Magpie and butcherbirds – were seen as a separate family Cracticidae. With their 1985 DNA study Sibley and Ahlquist recognised the close relationship between the woodswallows and the butcherbirds in 1985 and placed them in a Cracticini clade now the family Artamidae.
 Anerastia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hübner in 1825 and is known from Egypt Sudan.
 Schistura arifi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The unicorn grenadier Coelorinchus productus is a species of rattail. This fish is found at depths of up to 600 m in the waters around northern Taiwan southern Japan and the East China Sea.This fish grows to a length of about 31 cm and is generally brown above silvery below with blackish fins and mouth and gill cavities.
 Cretanaspis lushangfenensis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Cretanaspis.
 Argania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hyla zhaopingensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests ponds and irrigated land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The mountain nyala (Tragelaphus buxtoni) or balbok is an antelope found in high altitude woodland in a small part of central Ethiopia. Mountain nyala were named for their similarity to the nyala but they are now considered closer relatives of the kudu.Mountain nyala stand 90-135 cm at the shoulder and weigh 150 to 300 kilograms males being considerably larger than females.
 The Border Barb (Barbus trevelyani) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is placed in the wastebin genus Barbus – the typical barbels and relatives – by default. But actually it is far less closely related to the typical barbels than to the South African redfins in Pseudobarbus and may well belong in the latter genus.
 Salmo cettii or the Mediterranean trout is a species of trout a freshwater fish in the Salmonidae family. It lives in the Mediterranean region in Algeria Corsica Sardinia Sicily and on the Italian mainland in the Magra drainage and further south. It is a non-migratory fish which lives in streams and in karstic resurgences. It is smaller than 40 centimetres (16 in) in length.
 Lymantriades is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Rapana bulbosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Azov shad or Black Sea shad Alosa tanaica is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa. Widespread in the eastern Black Sea Kerch Strait Sea of Azov.
 Centrarchops chapini the barred seabass is a species of cavebass native to the coastal waters of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Angola. This fish can be found over areas of sand and rock at depths of from 20 to 40 m (66 to 131 ft). This species grows to 30.7 cm (12.1 in) in total length. It is important to local commercial fisheries. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Amastra micans is a species of land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Amastridae family. This species is endemic to Hawaii.
 Carpella is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Haplochromis prognathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species can reach a length of 14.1 centimetres (5.6 in) SL.
 Armed (May 1941–1964) was an American Thoroughbred gelding race horse. He was sired by the great stakes winner Bull Lea the sire of Citation. His dam was Armful whose sire was Belmont Stakes winner Chance Shot and whose grandsire was the great Fair Play.Small for his age and very headstrong Armed's habit of biting and kicking hay out of his handler's pitchfork along with being practically untrainable caused his trainer Ben A.
 Dysgonia triplocyma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in east Africa including Malawi.
 The Hahnel's Amazonian Swallowtail (Parides hahneli) is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is endemic to Brazil in the states of Rondônia Mato Grosso Amazonas and Pará where it was placed on the list of endangered species in 2008.The butterfly was named to honour its collector Paul Hahnel.Collecting in the neighbourhood of the Amazon from Para to the foot of the Andes seems to be more difficult nowadays than formerly.
 Aborolabis nigrescens is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 Orthogonius sabahensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Littoraria varia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The spinner shark (Carcharhinus brevipinna) is a species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae named for the spinning leaps it makes as a part of its feeding strategy. This species occurs in tropical and warm temperate waters worldwide except for in the eastern Pacific Ocean. It is found from coastal to offshore habitats to a depth of 100 m (330 ft) though it prefers shallow water. The spinner shark resembles a larger version of the blacktip shark (C.
 Odostomia umbilicaris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The wild goat (Capra aegagrus) is a widespread species of goat with a distribution ranging from Europe and Asia Minor to central Asia and the Middle East. It is the ancestor of the domestic goat.
 Coleophora sattleri is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France.
 Boreotrophon gaidenkoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 True lemurs also known as brown lemurs are the lemurs in genus Eulemur. They are medium sized primates that live exclusively on Madagascar.The fur of the true lemurs is long and usually reddish-brown. Often there is sexual dimorphism in coloration (sexual dichromatism) such as in the black lemur. True lemurs are from 30 to 50 cm in length with a tail that is as long or significantly longer than the body.
 Royal Tourist (1905–1909) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the American Classic Preakness Stakes in 1908 and who later that year set a World Record time in winning the Winters Handicap at Emeryville Race Track in Oakland California.
 Canalispira gomezi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Pleasant Tap (May 8 1987 - October 8 2010) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
 The Red-headed Tanager (Piranga erythrocephala) is a medium-sized American songbird. Formerly placed in the tanager family (Thraupidae) it and other members of its genus are now classified in the cardinal family (Cardinalidae). The species's plumage and vocalizations are similar to other members of the cardinal family. Along with the White-winged Tanager and Red-hooded Tanager it is sometimes placed in the genus Spermagra.It is endemic to Mexico.
 Blattoptera or proto-cockroaches is a name given to various roachid fossil insects related to cockroaches mantises and termites and of general cockroach-like appearance and possibly habit. The group is on the rank of an order though being paraphyletic is most often given without formal taxonomic rank.
 Anaxita tricoloriceps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Arsacia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rhombodera javana is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera. It is native to Asia.
 Lepetelloidea is a superfamily of sea snails small deepwater limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). (Previously this superfamily was in the order Cocculiniformia.)
 Meckelia connexa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Meckelia of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Pacific oyster Japanese oyster or Miyagi oyster (Crassostrea gigas) is an oyster native to the Pacific coast of Asia. It has become an introduced species in North America Australia Europe and New Zealand.
 Alopoglossus is a genus of six lizard species found primarily in tropical South America.
 Adia is a genus of fly in the family Anthomyiidae.
 Oligonicella brunneri is one of the smallest species of praying mantis and scarcely reach(es) one centimeter in length.
 Euchromia jacksoni is a species of moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Tabuina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with three described species all endemic to New Guinea.
 Pusiola curta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Angola.
 Ancylosis anguinosella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Zeller in 1848. It is found in Russia and Kazakhstan.
 Aegoceropsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Southern Hermit (Chazara prieuri) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Morocco and Spain.The wingspan is 45-60 mm. The adult flies in July and August depending on the location. In Morocco it may emerge by mid-June.The larva feeds on the grass Lygeum spartum.
 Shumarditaceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Nebria sitiens is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Morocco.
 The Bounty Shag (Phalacrocorax ranfurlyi) also known as the Bounty Island Shag is a species of cormorant of the Phalacrocoracidae family. They are found only on the tiny and remote subantarctic Bounty Islands 670 km SE of New Zealand. Its natural habitats are open seas and rocky shores. In 2005 618 individuals were counted (with roughly 410 mature ones) and the population seems to have remained stable since.>
 Litoporus is a cellar spider genus.
 Insalebria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Filipjev in 1924.
 Euriphene adumbrata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo from the eastern part of the country to Kivu.
 Carmenta mimosa is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is native to Central America (Mexico Honduras and Nicaragua) but has been introduced to Northern Territory of Australia in 1989.Adults look like wasps but have a wider connection between the thorax and abdomen. They have transparent wings with a broad black margin. Their body is black with a pair of white stripes on the thorax and three transverse white bands on the abdomen.The larvae feed on Mimosa pigra.
 Barbus melanotaenia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Proozaena is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Proozaena cerdai Deuve 2005 Proozaena lata Deuve 2004 Proozaena nigricornis Deuve 2004 Proozaena parallela (Chaudoir 1848)↑
 Macropodia falcifera the Cape long-legged spider crab is a species of marine crab found around the South African coast. It is a member of the family Inachidae.
 Buxolestes is an extinct genus of semi-aquatic placental mammals belonging to the family Pantolestidae. Species in this genus were part of the first placental evolutionary radiation during the Middle Eocene (50-40 mya).
 The Mount Popa pipistrelle (Pipistrellus paterculus) is a species of vesper bat.It is found in China India Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Fentonia macroparabolica is a moth in the Notodontidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 47-55 mm.
 Kupeus arcuatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Kupeus.
 Arcina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Termessa laeta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.
 Argobuccinum proditor is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Euonyma is a genus of small tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
 Teralatirus roboreus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Boulengerula uluguruensis or the Uluguru pink caecilian (or Uluguru African caecilian) is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania where it is found in the Nguu Nguru and Uluguru Mountains.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Acraea egina the Elegant Acraea is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
 Dinopelma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dinopelma angustum Andrewes 1931 Dinopelma bouchardi (Pouillade 1914) Dinopelma immaculatum Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma intermedium Louwerens 1958 Dinopelma leptaleum Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma lineola Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma lunifer Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma marginatum Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma minus Liebke 1931 Dinopelma plantigradum Bates 1889 Dinopelma quadratum Andrewes 1931 Dinopelma virens (Andrewes 1929) Dinopelma wegneri Louwerens 1958↑
 Rikiosatoa fucataria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 38-43 mm.
 Emblemaria hypacanthus the Gulf signal blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from the Gulf of California in the eastern central Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton.
 Lessonina is a genus of air-breathing sea slugs a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Onchidiidae.
 Pusionella albocincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Bryotropha domestica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from Ireland to Germany Slovakia Romania and Bulgaria and from the Benelux to the Iberian Peninsula Sicily Crete and Cyprus. It is also found in Morocco Algeria Tunisia Libya the Middle East Turkmenistan Saudi Arabia and Yemen.The wingspan is 12–13 mm. The forewings are dark greyish brown heavily mottled with pale ochreous. The hindwings are very pale glossy grey but darkertowards the apex.
 Vulture is the name given to two groups of convergently evolved usually scavenging birds of prey: the New World vultures including the Californian and Andean Condors; and the Old World vultures including the birds that are seen scavenging on carcasses of dead animals on African plains.
 Stigmella procrastinella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Virginia Maine and Ontario.
 The Speckled Wood Pigeon (Columba hodgsonii) is a medium-sized pigeon of the Columbidae family which lives in the northeastern parts of India and Pakistan and the Himalayas.
 Haplochromis cryptodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species grows to a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) SL.
 Platymantis akarithyma is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Siphosturmia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Veneridae or venerids common name the Venus clams are a very large family of minute to large saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs. There are over 500 living species of venerid bivalves most of which are edible and many of which are exploited as a food source. Many of the most important edible species are commonly known (in the USA) simply as clams. Venerids make up a significant proportion of the world fishery of edible bivalves.
 Tegostoma baphialis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece Russia Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.The wingspan is 16–17 mm.
 The painted terrapin painted batagur or saw-jawed turtle (Batagur borneoensis) is a species of turtles in the Geoemydidae family. It was formerly in its own genus Callagur but has been reclassified to the genus Batagur.
 Glyphodes paramicalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Madagascar.Their wingspan is approx. 36 mm. Head Antennae palpi and legs of this species are whitish thorax and abdomen are fuscous brown. The forewings are dark brown suffused with purple and with two semi-hyaline bands with violet reflections.
 Odenwaldia is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl within the family Heylerosauridae.
 Actinomycetaceae is a family of bacteria in the order Actinomycetales that contains the medically important genus Actinomyces. Actinomycetaceae comprises 3 potentially pathogenic genera :Actinomyces Nocardia Streptomyces. These organisms are closely related to the mycobacteria but were originally classified as fungi because they were thought to be transition forms between bacteria and fungi.
 Onychogomphus uncatus the Large Pincertail or 'Blue-eyed Hook-tailed Dragonfly' is a species of 'dragonflies' belonging to the family Gomphidae.This 'dragonfly' is bigger and rarer than the 'Small Pincertail' (Onychogomphus forcipatus).
 Dysschema brunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1911. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Limestone Wren-Babbler (Napothera crispifrons) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in China Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Silver fish (Raiamas senegalensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas.
 The Indian whiting Sillago indica is a poorly known species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The species was named in 1985 having previously being misidentified as another species of Sillago S. parvisquamis. The Indian whiting inhabits the east and west coasts of the Indian subcontinent apparently not extending to the southern tip of India.
 Crematogaster pilosa is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Cnesterodon is a genus of poeciliids native to South America.
 Neritilia succinea is a species of submarine cave snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritiliidae.
 Pyroderces wolschrijni is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Spain Morocco and on Malta. It has also been recorded from Crete Sicily and the United Arab Emirates.The wingspan is 7–11 millimetres (0.28–0.43 in). Adults are on wing from mid April to mid May and again from early July to mid October. There are probably two generations per year.
 Phyllonorycter aarviki is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Tanzania and Yemen. The habitat consists of dry semi urbanized areas along the Indian Coast and in eastern Africa.The length of the forewings is 2.3 mm. The forewing ground colour is bright ochreous with blackish fuscous markings. The hindwings are pale grey with a long pale fuscous fringe of the same shading than the hindwing.
 Cerastoderma glaucum commonly known as the lagoon cockle is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae the cockles.This species is found along the coasts of Europe and North Africa including the Mediterranean and Black Seas and the Caspian Lake and the low-salinity Baltic Sea. It is a euryhaline species living in salinities 4-100 ‰.
 Labeobarbus nedgia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labeobarbus.
 The Coal-black Salamander (Bolitoglossa anthracina) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pareuchaetes arravaca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jordan in 1916. It is found in French Guiana.
 Ogilbichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the central-western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
 This article is about the crustacean. See Cyclops (disambiguation) for other meanings.Cyclops is one of the most common genera of freshwater copepods comprising over 400 species . Together with other similar-sized non-copepod fresh-water crustaceans especially cladocera they are commonly called water fleas. The name Cyclops comes from the Cyclops of Greek mythology which shares the quality of having a single large eye which may be either red or black in Cyclops.
 Odostomia engbergi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This species was named for Dr. Carl C. Engberg.
 Idmon latifascia is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Elwes and Edwards in 1897. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo.
 Cathartornis gracilis is an ancient bird of the Teratorn family. It lived somewhere between 23 million years (Miocene Epoch) and 10000 years (Pleistocene Epoch) ago. The only evidence of the bird's existence is a few bones. Its remains were documented in 1910.
 Phenacoleachiidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as the phenacoleachiids. They are found only on the south island of New Zealand and certain offshore islands. There are two species in a single genus.
 The Brazilian Salmon Pink Bird-eating Tarantula (Lasiodora parahybana) also simply known as the Salmon Pink is a relatively large tarantula from north-eastern Brazil. L.
 Meridarchis mesosticha is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Bradley in 1965. It is found in Uganda.
 Anthela linearis is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Knysna Skolly (Thestor brachycerus) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa. The wingspan is 27–36 mm for males and 29–39 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to January. There is one generation per year.Larvae have been found in the nests of the Pugnacious Ant Anoplepsis custodiens but the larval food is unknown.
 The Ornate Tinamou (Nothoprocta ornata) is a type of Tinamou commonly found in the high altitude grassland and dry shrubland in subtropical and tropical regions of west central South America.
 Caecum subannulatum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 The Mountain Frog or Red And Yellow Mountain Frog (Philoria kundagungan) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
 Nebria ingens is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of California.
 Crimean barbel (Barbus tauricus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Exelastis viettei is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Comoros.
 Pyrinia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Iole is a genus of bulbuls songbirds in the family Pycnonotidae. They are native to tropical eastern Asia from India to China and south through Southeast Asia to northern Indonesia.It includes the following species: Olive Bulbul Iole virescens Grey-eyed Bulbul Iole propinqua Buff-vented Bulbul Iole olivacea (type species) Yellow-browed Bulbul Iole indica Sulphur-bellied Bulbul Iole palwanensisSome older sources merge this genus into Hypsipetes.
 The Light Arches (Apamea lithoxylaea) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe the Caucasus and Turkey and ranges east to the Altai Mountains.This species has a wingspan of 43 to 50 mm. It flies at night from June to August and is attracted to light and sugar. It usually produces a single brood from June to mid-August but it may have a second brood in September to November.The larva feeds on various grasses especially the stems and roots.
 Nebria changbaiensis is a species of metallic green coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Jilin province of China.
 The Torymidae are a family of wasps that consists of attractive metallic species with enlarged hind legs and generally with long ovipositors in the females. Many are parasitoids on gall-forming insects and some are phytophagous (plant-eating) species sometimes usurping the galls formed by other insects. Over 960 species in about 70 genera are found worldwide. They are best recognized in that they are one of the few groups of Chalcidoidea in which the cerci are visible.
 The Mérida Wren (Cistothorus meridae) or the Paramo Wren is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 The mountain degu (Octodontomys gliroides) is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae. It is monotypic within the genus Octodontomys. It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Chile.
 Druentia inscita is a moth of the Mimallonidae family. It is native to Central America and South America including Trinidad and Brazil but was introduced to Hawaii for biological control of Clidemia hirta.The larvae cut and fold the leaves of Clidemia hirta and Miconia acinodendrum to form a feeding shelter. They are green with brown stripes and are about 50 mm long.
 Hemimyzon tchangi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemimyzon.
 Pericoptus frontalis is a New Zealand native sand scarab which inhabits sandy river-banks and sandbars in inland Otago.
 The whistling tree frog or Verreaux's tree frog (Litoria verreauxii) is a frog occurring in Australia.It has been divided into two subspecies the Verreaux's tree frog (L. v. verreauxii) and the Verreaux's alpine tree frog (L. v. alpina). The alpine tree frog is restricted to the southern alps of New South Wales and Victoria. Verreaux's tree frog is widespread throughout south-eastern Queensland coastal and highland regions of New South Wales and south-eastern Victoria.
 Vietbocap thienduongensis (Vietnamese: Bọ cạp Thiên Đường literally Paradise scorpion) is a species of scorpion in the family Pseudochactidae.
 Belle of All (1948–November 1971) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas in 1951. In a racing career lasting from the spring of 1950 until July 1951 the filly ran six times and won four races. Belle of All won both her races as a two-year-old beating a strong field in the National Stakes at Sandown Park and winning the Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse in autumn.
 Philaccolus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Philaccolus elongatus (Régimbart 1903) Philaccolus lepidus Guignot 1949 Philaccolus lineatoguttatus (Régimbart 1894) Philaccolus ondoi Bilardo & Rocchi 1990 Philaccolus orthogrammus (Régimbart 1895)↑
 Bothriodon is an extinct genus of anthracotheriid artiodactyl from the late Eocene of Asia Europe and North America. It was about the size of a large pig reaching an estimated weight of more than 199 kg (439 lbs).
 Teleiodes flavimaculella the Chestnut Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely but locally distributed in Europe (except the northernmost and southernmost parts) east to Siberia.The wingspan is 9–13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July in one generation per year.The larvae possibly feed on Castanea sativa and Quercus.
 The Culicoides variipennis is a 1 millimetre (0.039 in) long biting midge. It is a part of the subgenus Monoculicoides and has many subspecies. Found in North America C. variipennis transmits Bluetongue virus African horse sickness virus akabane virus and epizootic hemorrhagic disease.
 The blue pigeons are the bird species in the genus Alectroenas of the pigeon family. They are: Madagascar Blue Pigeon (Alectroenas madagascariensis) Comoro Blue Pigeon (Alectroenas sganzini) Seychelles Blue Pigeon (Alectroenas pulcherrimus) Mauritius Blue Pigeon (Alectroenas nitidissimus)† Rodrigues Blue Pigeon (Alectroenas payandeei)† Réunion Blue Pigeon (Alectroenas sp.)†
 Phalonidia synucha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Azelinini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae with many species in the Southern Hemisphere particularly in South America. Several species are found in North America as well. These stocky geometer moths seem to be closely related to other robust tribes such as the Campaeini Ennomini Lithinini and Nacophorini – all of which might warrant to be subsumed in the Ennomini – the genus Odontopera and perhaps the Caberini and Colotoini.
 Gymnapogon is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 The variable pocket gopher (Orthogeomys heterodus) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. It is endemic to Costa Rica usually being found in grasslands and tropical forests at higher altitudes up to 8000 feet. It is threatened by habitat loss but are sometimes kept as pets in the United States and elsewhere. The gopher typically has soft and dense fur colored blackish on the posterior and pale on the anterior.
 The Long-clawed Mole Vole (Prometheomys schaposchnikowi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is the only species in the genus Prometheomys.It is found in Georgia and Turkey.
 Betta chini is a species of gourami endemic to the island Borneo where it is only known from the Malaysian state of Sabah. It inhabits very shallow waters (less than 0.5 metres (1.6 ft)) of peat swamps. Males of this species can reach a length of 5.1 centimetres (2.0 in) SL while females can reach a length of 5.6 centimetres (2.2 in).
 Immyrla is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Dyar in 1906.
 Pseudopostega rotunda is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is found known from the lowland forest of the La Selva Biological Reserve in north-eastern Costa Rica the Guanacaste Province in north-western Costa Rica and the Napo Province in east-central Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 1.9-2.1 mm. Adults are mostly white with white forewings marked with an elongate slender brown dorsal spot. Adults are on wing from mid February to mid June in Costa Rica and in January in Ecuador.
 Coleophora taizensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Yemen.The wingspan is 8–9 mm.
 Ilma is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Kodiosoma fulvum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1872. It is found in Arizona Nevada and California.The coloured area on the hindwings varies from grey to yellow or red. Adults have been recorded on wing from March to May.
 Orthomecyna amphilyca is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Philbertia perparva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 John Dory also known as St Pierre or Peter's Fish refers to fish of the genus Zeus especially Zeus faber of widespread distribution. It is an edible benthic coastal marine fish with a laterally compressed olive-yellow body which has a large dark spot and long spines on the dorsal fin. The dark spot is used to flash an 'evil eye' if danger approaches. Its large eyes at the front of the head provide it with binocular vision and depth perception which are important for predators.
 Theropithecus brumpti (T. brumpti) was a large terrestrial monkey which lived in the mid to late Pliocene. It is an extinct species of papionin.This fossil primate is mostly known from skulls and mandibles found in Pliocene deposits excavated in the Shungura Formation at the Omo River Ethiopia. Both T. brumpti and its cousin the extant gelada (T. gelada) were related to the baboon.
 Glipodes is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Glipodes bordoni Franciscolo 1990 Glipodes dietrichi Franciscolo 1962 Glipodes sericans (Melsheimer 1845) Glipodes tertia Ray 1936↑
 Limadora is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 The Posttornoceratidae are Late Devonian goniatites (Ammonoidea) included in the superfamily Tornocerataceae. The Family Posttornoceratidae named by Bogoslovsky in 1962 is based on the genus Posttornoceras named by Wedekind in 1910 originally included in the Tornoceratidae (sensu Miller et al. 1964). The Posttornoceratidae produced subglobular to discoidal shells with small closed umbilici and lateral lobes in the suture that are produced adentitiously (i.e.
 Blastobasis taricheuta is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in South Africa.The length of the forewings is 9.6 mm. The forewings are brown intermixed with a few pale brown scales. The hindwings are pale brown.
 Laticauda is a genus of snakes from the subfamily Hydrophiinae. Laticauda species are the least adapted to sea life of all the members of Hydrophiinae; they retain the wide ventral scales typical of terrestrial snakes and have poorly developed tail fins. They are adapted to living on land and in shallow seas.
 Ethmia argomicta is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Brimley’s Algibelle (Abablemma brimleyana) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in from New Jersey south to Florida and Texas. The wingspan is about 15 mm. The main flight period appears to be April to October. Heppner reported adults on wing from January to July and again from September to December in Florida. There are two generations in the north more in the southern parts of its range. Larvae have been reared on Protococcus species but probably also feed on lichens.
 Euharveya is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Diaulula alba is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Polinices peselephanti is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Silverband Shiner (Notropis shumardi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Tetracis mosesiani is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found coastal California from near sea level to 915 meters.The length of the forewings 17-23 mm. Adults are on wing from October to early December.Larvae feed on Lonicera hispidula.
 Elliot's short-tailed shrew (Blarina hylophaga) is a small slate grey short-tailed species of shrew. Its common name comes from Daniel Giraud Elliot who first described the species in 1899.
 The Vitelline Warbler (Setophaga vitellina) is a songbird species in the New World warbler family (Parulidae).It is found in the Cayman Islands and on the Swan Islands in Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and urban areas. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Craugastor alfredi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Uranophora lelex is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1890. It is found in Guatemala Panama Colombia Venezuela and Ecuador.
 Eugamandus flavipes is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1935.
 Oak marble galls develop as a chemically induced distortion of leaf buds on pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) sessile oak (Quercus petraea) or their hybrid Quercus × rosacea trees caused by the parthenogenetic gall wasp (Andricus kollari (Hartig 1843)) which lays eggs within leaf buds using their ovipositor. The Turkey oak (Quercus cerris) introduced into Britain in 1735 is required for the completion of the life cycle of the gall.
 Lambis scorpius common name the scorpion conch or scorpion spider conch is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 The Red-line Quaker (Agrochola lota) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout the whole of Europe.The wingspan is 33–40 mm. This moth flies from September to October and is attracted to light.The young caterpillars feed on the catkins of sallow and willow (Salix) progressing to eating leaves when mature. They hide in spun leaves by day and feed at night.
 The Pirre Hummingbird (Goethalsia bella) also somewhat misleadingly known as the Rufous-cheeked Hummingbird is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is the only species in its genus.Found in Colombia and Panama its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Perigramma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eatonina fulgida is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.
 Polypterus bichir the Nile bichir is a fish which lives in the Nile and some of its tributaries in Africa. It is a dark grayish color on the top with a dark vertical marking and bands on the flank. This marking is more prominent on juveniles and fades as the fish grows.
 Merica boucheti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Namurotypus is an extinct genus of griffenfly. It inhabited the large swamps of the Carboniferous Period.
 Ammomanes is a genus of lark in the Alaudidae family. It contains the following species: Bar-tailed Lark (Ammomanes cinctura) Rufous-tailed Lark (Ammomanes phoenicura) Desert Lark (Ammomanes deserti) Gray's Lark (Ammomanes grayi)
 Gauruncus gelastes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Bursa quirihorai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Acartia hudsonica is a species of marine copepod belonging to the family Acartiidae. This species was originally described as a subspecies of Acartia clausi but subsequent research concluded it is sufficiently distinct to warrant specific status. It is found in shallow coastal habitats along both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of northern North AmericaThis species is similar to A. clausi but lacks the prominent spines on the dorsal part of the posterior body segment (metasome).
 The finspot wrasse Xenojulis margaritaceus is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean. It can be found on coral reefs at depths from 2 to 10 m (6.6 to 32.8 ft). This species grows to 10 cm (3.9 in) in standard length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Eleutherodactylus paululus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador possibly Colombia and possibly Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Psilosticha mactaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New South Wales and Tasmania.
 Junglefowl are the four living species of bird from the genus Gallus in the Gallinaceous bird order which occur in India Sri Lanka Southeast Asia and Indonesia.These are large birds with colourful male plumage but are nevertheless difficult to see in the dense vegetation they inhabit.As with many birds in the pheasant family the male takes no part in the incubation of the egg or rearing of the precocial young.
 Sepia apama also known as the Australian giant cuttlefish is the world's largest cuttlefish species growing to 50 cm in mantle length and over 10.5 kg (23 lb) in weight. Using cells known as chromatophores the cuttlefish can put on spectacular displays changing colour in an instant.S. apama is native to the southern coast of Australia from Brisbane in Queensland to Shark Bay in Western Australia. It occurs on rocky reefs seagrass beds and sand and mud seafloor to a depth of 100 m.
 The chambered nautilus Nautilus pompilius is the best-known species of nautilus. The shell when cut away reveals a lining of lustrous nacre and displays a nearly perfect equiangular spiral although it is not a golden spiral. The shell exhibits countershading being light on the bottom and dark on top.
 The Orange White-spot Skipper (Trapezites heteromacula) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cape York.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Lomandra filiformis and Lomandra longifolia.
 Saurogobio is a genus of cyprinid fish found in eastern Asia.
 The Atka mackerel Pleurogrammus monopterygius is a mackerel in the family Hexagrammidae. Atka mackerel are common to the northern Pacific ocean and are one of only two members of the genus Pleurogrammus - the other being the Arabesque greenling (Pleurogrammus azonus). The Atka mackerel was named for Atka Island (Atx̂ax̂ in Aleut) the largest island of the Andreanof islands a branch of the Aleutians.
 Ringiculidae are a family of minute deep water sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.Ringiculidae is the only family within the superfamily Ringiculoidea.The shells of species in this family superficially resemble minute versions of the shells of the Cassinae.
 Anadara brasiliana common name the incongruous ark clam is a saltwater clam in the family Arcidae the ark shells. This species is found along the Atlantic coast of North America from North Carolina to Brazil.
 Epischidia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Rebel in 1901.
 Euchontha commixta is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 The Rufous Crab Hawk or Rufous Crab-hawk (Buteogallus aequinoctialis) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae familyIt is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Eulepidotis columbrata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Mexico.
 Turbo heisei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.Taxonomic status: Some authors place the name in the subgenus Turbo (Taeniaturbo)
 The grey moray Gymnothorax nubilus is a moray eel of the genus Gymnothorax found around the offshore islands off Northland and the Bay of Plenty on the North Island of New Zealand.
 The green neon tetra (Paracheirodon simulans) is a freshwater fish of the Characidae family of order Characiformes. It is native to the upper Orinoco and Negro Rivers in South America.This fish is similar in appearance to the closely related and better-known neon tetra but it is slightly smaller and its red patch is less pronounced while the blue-green areas of the upper body are more brilliant. Also its body is slimmer than that of the neon tetra.
 Stangeia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Catalexis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Hypotrix is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Plectopyloidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the informal group Sigmurethra.
 Neonerita postsuffusa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1922. It is found in Guyana and Brazil.
 The Lord Howe Parakeet (Cyanoramphus subflavescens) also known as the Lord Howe Red-fronted Parakeet is an extinct parrot endemic to Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea part of New South Wales Australia. It was described as full species by Tommaso Salvadori in 1891 but subsequently it has been regarded as subspecies of the Red-fronted Parakeet. In 2012 the IOC World Bird List recognised it as species.
 Chrysoritis stepheni is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa. It is mostly treated as a subspecies of Chrysoritis beaufortius.
 Gorgyrella is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Africa.
 Cerithiopsis vaurisi is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Hyperolius albofrenatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Turbonilla pazana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Lawes's Parotia Parotia lawesii is a medium-sized (up to 27 cm long) passerine of the birds of paradise family Paradisaeidae. It is distributed and endemic to mountain forests of southeast and eastern Papua New Guinea. Occasionally the Eastern Parotia is considered a subspecies of P. lawesii.
 Amalda colemani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Mordella scheelei is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Sangaia is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the early Triassic period of Rio Grande do Sul Brazil (Paleorrota).
 The nematoceran infraorder Ptychopteromorpha includes two uncommon families. In older classifications the group is included within the infraorder Tipulomorpha but it does not appear to be closely related at all having only superficial similarities (e.g. slender bodies and long legs).
 Thorogobius is a genus of gobies native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
 Hesperisternia multangulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Arcilasisa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Caryobruchus gleditsiae is a species of beetle in the family Chrysomelidae (formerly Bruchidae). It lives in North and Central America and develops inside the seeds of palm trees. Adults grow to a maximum length of 11 mm (0.43 in) the size depending on the size of the seed it grew up in. The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1763 Centuria Insectorum.
 Capillaria hepatica is a parasitic nematode which causes hepatic capillariasis in rodents and numerous other mammal species including humans. The life cycle of C. hepatica may be completed in a single host species. However the eggs which are laid in the liver must mature outside of the host body (in the environment) prior to infecting a new host.
 Tetragonodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acrocercops marmarauges is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1932.
 Gymnasura flavia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in New Guinea and Australia (Queensland).
 Metagonimoides oregonensis is a species of trematode that infects raccoons and freshwater snails in the genus Goniobasis in North America.
 Pseudargyria is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Amselina olympi is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Asia Minor (the Anatolian Mountains).
 The Striated Pardalote (Pardalotus striatus) is the least colourful and most common of the four pardalote species. Other common names include Pickwick Wittachew and Chip-Chip. It is a very small short-tailed bird that is more often heard than seen foraging noisily for lerps and other small creatures in the treetops.
 Suave Dancer (1988-1998) is a French Thoroughbred race horse.
 Trichoptilus ceramodes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Australia including New South Wales and South Australia.
 The wharf borer N. melanura belongs to the insect order Coleoptera or the beetles. They belong to the family Oedemeridae which are commonly known as false blister beetles. Wharf borers are present in all the states of the USA except for Florida. It takes about a year to develop from an egg to an adult. The insect is called the 'wharf borer' because the larval stage of this insect is often found on pilings and timbers of wharves especially along coastal areas.
 Callisthenia truncata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. The type location is Colorado.
 Beccari's free-tailed bat or Beccari's mastiff bat (Mormopterus beccarii) is a species of bat that lives in Australia Indonesia (Irian Jaya) and Papua New Guinea.
 Halysidota conflua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Watson in 1980. It is found in Peru.
 Anisopodus brevis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Gahan in 1892.
 Diplommatina lateralis is a species of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Oxycanus aedesima is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Matagaia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only species M. chromatopus was only found on Fernando de Noronha Island an isolated group of volcanic islands located in the South Equatorial Atlantic about 350 km from the nearest Brazilian mainland.
 Dendropsophus minimus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Raphimetopus is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1918.
 Gynandria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Paradrillia lithoria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Vanguard (foaled 1835) was a steeplechase racehorse. At age eight he defeated one hundred and fifteen rivals to win the Grand National at his first attempt.
 Scopula suna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Rasstriga is an extinct genus of insects. It existed in what is now Illinois U.S.A. during the Pennsylvanian subperiod. It was described by D. S. Aristov and A. P. Rasnitsyn in 2012 and the type species is R. americana. Its body measured 22.5 millimetres in length while its forewings were about 23 millimetres. It is currently placed in the family Idelinellidae although its belonging in the family is uncertain at present.
 Finescale Razorbelly Minnow (Salmophasia phulo) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia. It is a species of fresh water fish native to Bangladesh and India. It lives in the lower reaches of various bodies of water including rivers canals ponds and ditches. With a maximum length of only 12CM the fish is of little commercial or dietary value to man.
 Plateopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Euphaedra abri is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Lascoria antigone is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central and South America including Surinam and Costa Rica.
 Mordellistena dalmatica is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae. It is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1956 and can be found in such European countries as Austria Bulgaria Czech Republic Hungary Italy Slovakia and most states of former Yugoslavia.
 The Fire-footed Rope Squirrel (Funisciurus pyrropus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna and plantations.
 Tajuria deudorix yuhkichii [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Palawan).
 Albericus valkuriarum is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The hornet robberfly Asilus crabroniformis is a species of predatory insect of the Asilidae family. Reaching more than 25 mm in body length it is one of the largest flies in the United Kingdom. and feeds on grasshoppers dung beetles and other flies. Unlike an actual hornet the robberfly only has one yellow patch on its abdomen and one pair of wings. The larvae are believed to feed on dung beetle larvae and other detritivores.A.
 Epilacydes simulans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1875. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Egypt Equatorial Guinea and Namibia.
 Centromochlus perugiae is a species of benthopelagic fish a member of the Auchenipteridae (ray-finned fishes) family. They are widely known as honeycomb catfish or oil catfish because of their striking skin pattern. Honeycomb catfish are under 3 inches (76 mm) fully grown.
 Leleuporella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Leleuporella caeca Basilewsky 1956 Leleuporella mandibularis (Burgeon 1935) Leleuporella sexangulata Balkenohl 1997↑
 Plionoma suturalis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1858.
 Leiostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Daphnella cladara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tricheurymerus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tricheurymerus obscurus (Prosen 1947) Tricheurymerus quadristigma (Gounelle 1909)↑
 Letomola contortus is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Meigenielloides is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Emmalocera niphosema is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Trochoidea carinatoglobosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Turbonilla speciosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Carabus pseudomonticola is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily that can be found in France and Spain.
 The Cereal Leaf Beetle (Oulema melanopus) is a significant crop pest described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
 The Peruvian Diving Petrel (Pelecanoides garnotii) (local name in Peru = Potoyunco) is a small seabird that feeds in offshore waters in the Humboldt Current off Peru and Chile. Like the rest of the diving petrels it is a nondescript bird with a dark back and pale belly and blue feet and can be separated from the rest of its family only by differences in its beak and nostrils.
 Gibberula elisae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Ocenebra chavesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pagurus hirsutiusculus is a species of hermit crab commonly called the hairy hermit crab. It lives from the Bering Strait south to California and Japan from the intertidal zone to a depth of 110 m (360 ft).
 Paratylenchus is a genus of nematodes (round worms). Many of the species in this genus are plant pathogens.
 Aesopia cornuta the Unicorn sole is a species of sole native to the Indian and western Pacific oceans. This species grows to a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus. This species is of commercial importance.
 Autophila pauli is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in arid areas of Jordan Israel Sinai and Egypt.There are probably two generations per year. Adults are on wing from January to August.
 Cameraria nemoris is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California and Maine).The wingspan is about 8 mm.The larvae feed on Vaccinium ovatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Eleutherodactylus orphnolaimus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Ryukyu mouse (Mus caroli) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cambodia China Indonesia Japan Laos Malaysia Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam.
 Pantherophis gloydi commonly known as the eastern foxsnake or eastern fox snake is a species of foxsnake. It is nonvenomous and can be found in the eastern Great Lakes region of the United States as well as western Ontario in Canada.
 Palaemon is a genus of caridean shrimp of the family Palaemonidae. The genus contains the following species:The conventional circumscription of the genus Palaemon is probably paraphyletic. Molecular data suggest that Palaemonetes as well as the genera Exopalaemon and Couteriella are nested within Palaemon. Phylogenetic affinities in these groups correspond better with geographical origin than conventional genus assignments.
 The Scarce Slate Flash Rapala scintilla is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Hinea brasiliana is a species of small sea snail in the family Planaxidae. It is one of only a few sea snail species able to bioluminesce.
 Pseudlithosia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cigaritis victoriae Victoria’s Bar or Victoria Silverline is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern and eastern Kenya Tanzania Malawi Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of savanna.Both sexes feed from flowers. Adults are probably on wing year round but are most common in spring and autumn.The larvae feed on Acacia Cassia and Mundulea species as well as Ximenia americana. They are attended by ants.
 The Plain-backed Thrush (Zoothera mollissima) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It ranges across the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent primarily the Himalayas stretching into adjoining parts of Southeast Asia.It is found in Bhutan India Myanmar Nepal Thailand Tibet and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 The White-streaked Antvireo or White-spotted Antvireo (Dysithamnus leucostictus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The coastal Venezuelan race is sometimes given specific status as the Venezuelan Antvireo Dysithamnus tucuyensis.
 Conus grangeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Bathyuroconger is a genus of eels in the family Congridae. It currently contains the following species: Bathyuroconger parvibranchialis (Fowler 1934) Bathyuroconger vicinus (Vaillant 1888) (Large-toothed conger)
 Centrotus cornutus is a species of 'treehoppers' belonging to the family Membracidae.This species is present in most of Europe in eastern Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East. The adults reach 7–10 millimetres (0.28–0.39 in) of length while females are slightly larger. They can be encountered from early May through early August in moderately moist or in dry habitats. The basic coloration of the stocky body is dark-brown.
 Phenacomorpha is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Phenacomorpha bisecta which is found in Australia.
 Mordellistena florissantensis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1912 by Wickham.
 Dichromatopodia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cadlina kerguelensis is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Psectrocladius is a genus of non-biting midges of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Cephalotes columbicus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Agabus striolatus is a species of beetle endemic to Europe where it is only found in Austria Belarus Belgium Great Britain including Shetland Orkney Hebrides and Isle of Man Croatia the Czech Republic mainland Denmark Estonia Finland mainland France Germany Hungary mainland Italy Latvia Lithuania Poland Russia except in the East Slovakia Sweden the Netherlands and Ukraine.
 Pyramidelloides carinatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Pyramidelloides.
 Lassaba tayulingensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Greater Grape-vine Looper (Eulithis gracilineata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from eastern Canada south to Florida. It has also been collected west to Saskatchewan and central Alberta where it is rare.The wingspan is 35–40 mm.The larva feed on Vitis and Parthenocissus species.
 Aldisa cooperi is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae.This demersal nudibranch is found in cold-temperate waters from the intertidal to subtidal zones (up to a depth of 20 m) along the Pacific coast of North America from the California to Alaska. It has also been reported along the coast of Japan and Korea.
 Lathropus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae. It has been the subject of recent taxonomic study. Lathropus species are minute (<2mm) flattened beetles with short clubbed antennae closed mesocoxal cavities extremely dense surface sculpture and dorsal pubescence composed of bifurcate setae.
 Typhlops cariei commonly known as Hoffstetter's worm snake is an extinct blind snake species which was endemic to Mauritius. It is named for Paul Carié (1876–1930) an amateur naturalist attached to the Museum national d'Histoire naturelle who made excavations in Mare aux Songes around 1900 where the remains of this species were discovered.
 Fabresema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Ichthyococcus polli is a lightfish of the genus Ichthyococcus.
 Parornix innotata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Georgia Maine and Maryland).
 Trigonodes cephise is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics to northern Australia the Caroline Islands Samoa and New Caledonia Nias and other islands on the south-west of Sumatra.The larvae feed on Vigna species including Vigna marina.
 Mitromorpha selene is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Tolpia buthani is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Bhutan.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The hindwing is blackish brown and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Peridelias is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acrolophus particeps is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Microcarbo is a genus of fish-eating birds known as cormorants of the family Phalacrocoracidae. The genus was formerly subsumed within Phalacrocorax. Microcarbo has been recognized as a valid genus by the IOC’s World Bird List (Gill and Donsker 2010) on the basis of work by Siegel-Causey (1988) Kennedy et al. (2000) and Christidis and Boles (2008). As suggested by the name this genus contains the smallest of the world's cormorants. Five species are recognized.
 Mangelia pontica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Caeneressa longipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1862. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland areas.
 Coleophora spartana is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Greece (Lakonia Mountain).
 The Grey-breasted Babbler (Malacopteron albogulare) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Diplocheila is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diplocheila aegyptiaca Dejean 1831 Diplocheila assimilis (Leconte 1844) Diplocheila capensis (Peringuey 1896) Diplocheila colossus (Bates 1892) Diplocheila cordicollis Laferte-Senectere 1851 Diplocheila crossi Will 1998 Diplocheila daldorfi (Crotch 1871) Diplocheila distinguenda (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Diplocheila elongata Bates 1873 Diplocheila exotica Andrewes 1931 Diplocheila impressicollis (Dejean 1831) Diplocheila laevigata Bates 1892 Diplocheila laevigotoides Jedlicka 1936 Diplocheila laevis Lesne 1896 Diplocheila latifrons Dejean 1831 Diplocheila macromandibularis Habu & Tanaka 1956 Diplocheila major (Leconte 1848) Diplocheila minima Jedlicka 1931 Diplocheila nupera Casey 1897 Diplocheila obtusa (Leconte 1848) Diplocheila oregona (Hatch 1951) Diplocheila perscissa Andrewes 1921 Diplocheila pinodes Andrewes 1922 Diplocheila polita (Fabricius 1792) Diplocheila striatopunctata (Leconte 1844) Diplocheila transcaspica Semenov 1891 Diplocheila undulata Carr 1920 Diplocheila zeelandica L. 
 A morpho butterfly may be one of over 29 accepted species and 147 accepted subspecies of butterflies in the genus Morpho. They are Neotropical butterflies found mostly in South America as well as Mexico and Central America. Morphos range in wingspan from the 7.5 cm (3 inch) M. rhodopteron to the imposing 20 cm (8 inch) Sunset Morpho M. hecuba. The name Morpho meaning changed or modified is also an epithet of Aphrodite and Venus.
 Zelleria araeodes is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The thorny round stingray (Urotrygon chilensis) is a species of fish in the Urotrygonidae family. It is found in Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama and Peru. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Cartieraspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish which lived during the Middle Devonian period in North America.
 Coleophora ofaistoni is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the lower Volga area in southern Russia.The larvae feed on Ofaiston monandrum.
 Coleophora longiductella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iran Pakistan and Yemen.
 Boreotrophon avalonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Caloptilia pastranai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Argentina.The larvae feed on Scutia buxifolia. The larvae feed in enrolled leaves. They often changed to a new leaf.
 The Rocky Mountain Dotted Blue (Euphilotes ancilla) is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Washington south to California and southern Alberta and Saskatchewan south through rockies and high plains to Wyoming Colorado Utah and northwestern New MexicoWingspan is from 17 to 23 mm.Larvae feed on various Eriogonum species especially Sulphur-flower.
 The Mangareva Reed Warbler or Astrolabe Reed Warbler (Acrocephalus astrolabii) is a presumed extinct songbird that existed on Mangareva in the Gambier Islands. It is known from only two specimens and is believed to have gone extinct in the mid-19th century.
 Polyortha larocae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Carabus loschnikovii is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Eastern and north Russia.
 Aglossa aurocupralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from South Africa.
 Carolinites is a genus of trilobite assigned to the Telephinidae family that occurs during the Lower and Middle Ordovician. Carolinites had an pantropical distribution and there is evidence that it lived in upper parts of the water column. The free cheeks of Carolinites are largely covered by its huge eyes except for the attachment of large genal spines that extend downward backward and lateral and gradually curving further backward.
 Leiostyla cassida is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Lauriidae.This species is endemic to Portugal. This species is mentioned in Annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive.This is one of several species sometimes referred as the Madeiran land snail.
 Opisthostoma grandispinosum is a species of air-breathing land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae.
 Calcarovula ildiko is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Glyphostoma aliciae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Cosmopterix clandestinella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from United States (from Massachusetts and southern Ohio south to Virginia and North Carolina. It has also been recorded from Michigan).
 Hesperopsis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Thrips (Order Thysanoptera) are tiny slender insects with fringed wings (thus the scientific name from the Greek thysanos (fringe) + pteron (wing)). Other common names for thrips include thunderflies thunderbugs storm flies thunderblights storm bugs corn flies and corn lice. Thrips species feed on a large variety of plants and animals by puncturing them and sucking up the contents. A large number of thrips species are considered pests because they feed on plants with commercial value.
 Paraptica are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Euriphene ituriensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (northern Kivu and Ituri).
 Conus vayssierei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Reisseronia flavociliella is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in Turkey.
 The Streak-fronted Thornbird (Phacellodomus striaticeps) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Typhlops socotranus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is found only on the island of Socotra in Yemen.
 Rimula dorriae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Phaedinus hirtipes is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Tippmann in 1960.
 The turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) is a species of flatfish in the family Scophthalmidae. It is a demersal fish native to marine or brackish waters of the North Atlantic Baltic Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
 Acaroceratidae is family of Upper Cambrian (Trempealeauan) nautiloid cephalopods included in the Ellesmerocerida that contains two known genera Acaroceras and Weishanuceras both found in northern China. Acaroceratidae represent some of the earliest Ellesmeroderida which have their origin in the Plectronoceratidae either in Plectronoceras or some related genus.
 Trocholites is a tarphycerid genus in the family Trocholitidae from the Middle and Upper Ordovician with a gradually expanding weakly ribbed shell; whorls in contact dorsum slightly impressed; cross section depressed venter and sides rounded; siphuncle close to but not at the dorsal margin.
 Gymnobela clara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Rainey's Shrew (Crocidura raineyi) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The southern saratoga Scleropages leichhardti is a species of fish in the family Osteoglossidae. It is endemic to Australia.
 Spilosoma wahri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found on Timor.
 Barber's Ranger (Kedestes barberae) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in southern Africa from the Cape Province to Zimbabwe Lesotho Transvaal the Orange Free State and KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is 26–33 mm for males and 29–38 mm for females. Subspecies bunta has one generation per year with adults on wing in September. The other subspecies are on wing from October to November and from February to April in two generations.The larvae feed on Imperata cylindrica.
 Enneapterygius rhabdotus known commonly as the Umpire triplefin or the South Pacific striped triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Fricke in 1994.
 The dotted galliwasp or Malpelo galliwasp (Diploglossus millepunctatus) is a carnivorous species of lizard found only on Malpelo Island Colombia.
 Ceromitia glandularis is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from Malawi.
 Criodion angustatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Bucculatrix eurotiella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California Utah and British Columbia.The wingspan is 8-10 mm. The forewings are white marked with patches of ocherous and brown-tipped ocherous scales. The hindwings are pale brownish grey. Adults have been recorded on wing in May.The larvae feed on Chrysothamnus and Senecio species.
 Coleophora tripolitana is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Libya.
 Crinolamia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Bare-faced Ibis (Phimosus infuscatus) also known as the Whispering Ibis is a species of bird in the Threskiornithidae family in the monotypic genus Phimosus. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Paraguay Suriname Uruguay and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Boldoriella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Boldoriella binaghii Bucciarelli 1978 Boldoriella brembana Binaghi 1937 Boldoriella carminatii Dodero 1917 Boldoriella chiarae Monguzzi 1982 Boldoriella concii Monguzzi 1982 Boldoriella focarilei (R.
 Heterixalus variabilis is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land urban areas heavily degraded former forests ponds irrigated land seasonally flooded agricultural land and canals and ditches.
 Pseudorthodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Twospot Barb and cuming's barb redirects here. This name is also used for Cuming's Barb (P. cumingi).The Ticto Barb or cuming's barb or Twospot Barb (Pethia ticto) is a freshwater and brackish subtropical fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae).
 Perittia piperatella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula.The wingspan is 8.5-10 mm.The larvae feed on Cistus ladanifer. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large strongly puckered tentiform mine at the leaf margin and usually at the leaf tip. Pupation takes place inside the mine but not in a cocoon. Larvae can be found from November to March.
 The comb wrasse or combfish Coris picta is a species of wrasse of the genus Coris native to the western Pacific Ocean off eastern Australia and around offshore islands off north eastern New Zealand. This species can be found in areas with sandy substrates around rock reefs at depths from 3 to 25 m (9.8 to 82.0 ft). It can reach 25 cm (9.8 in) in total length.
 The western brush wallaby (Macropus irma) also known as the black-gloved wallaby is a species of wallaby found in the southwest coastal region of Western Australia. The wallaby's main threat is predation by the introduced Red Fox (Vulpes vulpes).
 Sympistis cleopatra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Arizona. It known from only one female specimen found on the South Rim of Grand Canyon.The wingspan is about 35 mm. Adults are on wing in July
 Prochola sollers is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Guyana.
 Anostoma baileyi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
 The Northern Rough-winged Swallow (Stelgidopteryx serripennis) is a small swallow.Adults are 13–15 cm (5.1–5.9 in) in length brown on top with light underparts and a forked tail. They are similar in appearance to the Bank Swallow but have a dusky throat and breast.
 Victorinini is a tribe of brush-footed butterflies. The four butterfly genera contained in this tribe are Anartia Metamorpha Napeocles and Siproeta. Those genera were previously included in the Kallimini tribe. In the early 2000s genetic testing determined that Kallimini encountered a paraphyly with regard to the Melitaeini. There is also some indication that the genus Siproeta could be paraphyletic with regard to Napeocles.
 Auroraceratops meaning dawn horned face is a genus of basal neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous (Aptian age) of north central China and South Korea. The etymology of the generic name refers to its status as an early ceratopsian and also to Dawn Dodson wife of Peter Dodson one of the palaeontologists who described it.
 Gorgopis leucopetala is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Titaresius jeanneli is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Titaresius.
 Phibalpteryx is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
 The dusky flying fox (Pteropus brunneus) also known as the Percy Island flying fox is an extinct species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It was endemic to Percy Island off the southeast coast of Mackay Queensland in the northeast corner of Australia. Only one specimen is known to exist. It was collected in 1859 and documented by Dobson in 1878. Since that record no further documentation is known of this species.
 Colla aminula is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Druce in 1890. It is found in Uruguay.
 Turbonilla amiriana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Merriam's kangaroo rat Dipodomys merriami is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.The species name commemorates Clinton Hart Merriam.
 Homohadena was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Sympistis.
 The Silver Gull (Chroicocephalus novaehollandiae) also known simply as seagull in Australia is the most common gull seen in Australia. It has been found throughout the continent but particularly at or near coastal areas. The South African Hartlaub's Gull (C. hartlaubii) and the New Zealand Red-billed Gull (C. scopulinus) were formerly sometimes considered to be subspecies of the Silver Gull.
 Mordellistena trisignata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1931.
 Wendleria is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Wendleria adamantina Bellamy 1988 Wendleria bicolor Bellamy 1988 Wendleria gloriosa Obenberger 1924↑
 Problepsis conjunctiva is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (Sikkim) China (Hainan) and Taiwan.The wingspan is 28–37 mm.
 Caloptilia pseudoaurita is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Ghana and Nigeria.
 Drobacia banatica is a species of medium-sized air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails.Synonyms of this species include: Chilostoma (Drobacia) banaticum Chilostoma banatica Helicogona banatica↑
 Goednes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Crobylophora xanthochyta is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to South Africa.
 The northern white rhinoceros or northern square-lipped rhinoceros (Ceratotherium simum cottoni) is one of the two subspecies of the white rhinoceros. Formerly found in several countries in East and Central Africa south of the Sahara it is considered Critically Endangered or Extinct in the Wild. This subspecies is a grazer in grasslands and savanna woodlands.
 The Rufous-bellied Tit (Parus rufiventris) is a species of bird in the tit family.It is found in Africa from the Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo and northern Namibia east to Tanzania and northern Mozambique.Its habitat is subtropical or tropical dry miombo forests.This 15 cm long bird has a black head breast wings and tail grey upperparts white fringes to the wing feathers and rufous underparts.
 The Brachyceran family Vermileonidae (the sole member of the infraorder Vermileonomorpha) is a small family of uncertain affinities and unusual biology containing fewer than 80 rare species in 10 genera. Historically the Vermileonids had been regarded as belonging to the family Rhagionidae possibly in a subfamily Vermileoninae. Their biology and morphology is so markedly distinct from the main Rhagionidae sensu stricto that the placement as a separate family has been widely accepted.
 Ericusa sericata common name : the silk-like volute is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The genus Neides is a small but common Old World group of stilt bugs; the name has precedence of the junior synonym name Berytus which Fabricius coined for the same taxon in 1803. It formerly included one North American species (Neides muticus) which has been removed to its own genus Neoneides.
 Abagrotis duanca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Pacific Northwest of North America. In Alberta it has been collected only in the extreme southeastern corner.The wingspan is about 28 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation in Alberta.Reported food plants include Artemisia tridentata.
 Oreophryne inornata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.In Papua New Guinea it is an endemic.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Pink-patched Looper Moth or Pink-tinted Beauty (Eosphoropteryx thyatyroides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. In the north-east it is found from Nova Scotia and northern Ontario south to Minnesota Michigan Ohio and along the Appalachians from Maine to eastern Tennessee and western North Carolina.
 Gonioscia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tolna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Clanidopsis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Clanidopsis exusta which is found from northern Pakistan (Margalla Hills) and north-western India eastward along the southern slopes of the Himalaya to central Nepal and neighbouring parts of Tibet and Hubei in China.The wingspan is 70-96 mm. It is similar to Clanis species but the proboscis is much shorter and the forewing is broader and not falcate apically.
 The gray sunflower seed weevil Smicronyx sordidus is a species of weevils from a family of Curculionidae.
 Cryptonatica affinis common name the Arctic moonsnail is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Cape galaxias (Afrikaans: Kaapse galaxia) Galaxias zebratus is a South African freshwater fish of the Galaxiidae family. It is a small fish rarely larger than 6 cm that inhabits clear streams rivers and ponds. It shares the same habitat as imported trout and bass species and has been identified as prey. The numbers of this relatively delicate fish have declined around Cape Town.
 Naviculavolva kurziana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Lissophanes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Eastern (Pale) Chanting Goshawk or Somali Chanting Goshawk (Melierax poliopterus) is a bird of prey of East Africa.
 Carenzia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Seguenziidae.
 Phaedinus rubrus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Galileo & Martins in 2010.
 The Mecicobothrioidea are a superfamily of mygalomorph spiders. The spiders in this group are among the smallest mygalomorph spiders known. The superfamily contains two families of spiders: Mecicobothriidae the dwarf tarantulas Microstigmatidae.
 Simnia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Boyd's Shearwater (Puffinus boydi) also known as the Cape Verde Little Shearwater is a small shearwater which breeds in the Cape Verde archipelago of the Atlantic Ocean some 570 km off the coast of West Africa. The epithet commemorates British ornithologist Arnold Boyd.
 Hemidoras stenopeltis is a species of thorny catfish found in the Amazon basin of Brazil Colombia and Peru. This species grows to a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) SL.
 Lepidosaphes beckii also known as purple scale mussel scale citrus mussel scale orange scale comma scale and mussel purple scale is a scale insect that is a pest of Citrus trees. The small insects attach themselves to leaves fruits and small branches and cause injury by sucking the tree's sap.The specific name beckii is in honour of historian Richard Beck.
 Hemimyzon formosanus is a species of hillstream loach (a ray-finned fish) in the genus Hemimyzon. It is endemic to western portion of Central Mountain Range of Taiwan. Its maximum length is 10 cm (3.9 in). Variations in nucleotide sequences within the mitochondrial control region show strong geographic structuring suggestive of a cryptic species complex.
 Ancylosis deserticola is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Staudinger in 1870. It is found in Spain Hungary Romania Bulgaria and Russia.The wingspan is 14–17 mm.
 Turbonilla carlottoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Dicerogastra chersotoides is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Israel Jordan Saudi Arabia and Oman.Adults are on wing from September to November in semi-arid areas and from June to July in temperate regions. There are possibly two generations per year.
 The Titan Sphinx (Aellopos titan) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It has been found all the way from Maine in the United States through Central America and south to Argentina and Uruguay in South America.The wingspan is 55–65 mm. The body is dark brown with a wide white stripe across the abdomen. The wings are dark brown and the upper side of the forewing has a black spot at the end of the cell and two bands of translucent white spots.
 Epirranthis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Kylix rugifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Etheostoma barbouri the teardrop darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States. It is only found in Kentucky and Tennessee where it occurs in the mid- to upper reaches of the Green River drainage. It inhabits small rivers and creeks and rocky pools where it feeds on the larvae of blackflies and midges immature stages of caddisflies and mayflies and cladocerans and copepods.
 Episacus pilosicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Episacus.
 Endotricha coreacealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1884 and is known from Amboina and New Guinea.
 Macalla niveorufa is a species of snout moths in the genus Macalla. It was described by Hampson in 1906. It is found in Panama.
 Macroglossum hemichroma is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand Vietnam and Indonesia (including Java and Sulawesi).The head and thorax uppersides have a dark median line. The forewing upperside is sharply divided into pale proximal and darker distal parts the dividing line running straight from the costal margin just proximal to the upper angle of the discal cell to the hind margin several millimetres proximal to the hind angle.
 Homopholis is a genus of African geckos commonly known as Velvet Geckos.
 Iolaus agnes the Agnes Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele and Tshopo). The habitat consists of wet forests.
 Gerbe's vole (Microtus gerbei) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found in France and Spain.
 Anateinoma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nebria panshiri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Afghanistan.
 Rhynchodoras castilloi is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the middle to lower Apure River. It is found only in deep water. This species grows to a length of 7.98 centimetres (3.14 in) SL.
 The Baja California leopard lizard (Gambelia copeii) is a species of lizard. It is between 8 and 14 cm long and has a smoky grey color and darker grey or black dorsal spots edged in lighter shade. The dorsal pattern appears mottled or occelated. There are light crossbars on the dorsum and light grey or white on the venter. It has small granular scales. The large head is distinct from neck and the lining of mouth and throat are purplish-black.
 Turritopsis nutricula is a small jellyfish. Several different species of the genus Turritopsis were formerly classified as T. nutricula including the immortal jellyfish which is now classified as T. dohrnii.
 The African Pitta (Pitta angolensis) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family. It is a locally common to uncommon species resident and migratory in the west and an intra-African migrant between equatorial and southeastern Africa. They are elusive and hard to observe despite their brightly coloured plumage and their loud explosive calls are infrequently heard.
 Windfields (1943–1971) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse who was the first stakes race winner bred by E. P.
 Nigasa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Arhodia.
 Dall's porpoise (Phocoenoides dalli) is a species of porpoise found only in the North Pacific. It came to worldwide attention in the 1970s when it was disclosed for the first time to the public that salmon fishing trawls were killing thousands of Dall's porpoises and other cetaceans each year by accidentally capturing them in their nets. Dall's porpoise is the only member of the genus Phocoenoides. It was named after American naturalist W. H. Dall.
 Philodoria dubautiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.The larvae feed on Dubautia plantaginea. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a very slender corridor situated lengthwise in the leaf and running back and forth a few times but eventually broadening to a blotch. A purplish discoloration is produced in the leaf forming streaks following the course of the mines. Often several mines are found in the same leaf.
 Bilinguites is a genus belonging to the Gastriocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 The Caribbean Armyworm Moth (Spodoptera pulchella) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Florida and Texas Central America the Greater Antilles and the Bahamas.The wingspan is about 35 mm. Adults have a distinctive curved white line along the posterior margin of the forewing.
 Recilia hesperidum is a species of bugs from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Cape Verde.
 Calliostoma kiiense is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Tristichotrochus)
 Exelastis luqueti is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Wimania is an extinct genus of coelacanth which lived during the Triassic period. It belonged to the family of Coelacanthidae.
 Margarosticha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Splendrillia solicitata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Presbyornis is an extinct genus of anseriform bird. It contains two unequivocally accepted species; the well-known P. pervetus and the much lesser-known P. isoni. P. pervetus was approximately the size and shape of a goose but with longer legs; P. isoni known from a few bones was much larger more than swan-sized. Other fossils more doubtfully assigned to this genus are also known.
 Apicalia brazeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Small Fan-foot (Herminia grisealis) is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.
 Australaria australasia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Carmentina pyristacta is a species of sedge moths in the genus Carmentina. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Rudra is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 The Ranita Nublada De Bolivar (Eleutherodactylus terraebolivaris) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The gray dorcopsis (Dorcopsis luctuosa) is a species of marsupial in the Macropodidae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Asymphorodes amblysoma is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Cerradomys vivoi is a species of rodent from South America in the genus Cerradomys. It occurs only in eastern Brazil in the states of Bahia Goiás and Sergipe and was formerly included in C. subflavus.
 Limnaecia ochrozona is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Pakisaurus (meaning Pakistan lizard) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from the Late Cretaceous of Balochistan western Pakistan. The type species is P. balochistani described by M. Sadiq Malkani in 2006 and it is based on four tail vertebrae found in the Maastrichtian-age Vitakri Member of the Pab Formation. Three additional tail verterbrae have been assigned to it.
 Estigmene griseata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1916. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya and Somalia.
 Capillaria aerophila is a nematode parasite found in the respiratory tract of foxes dogs and various other carnivorous mammals. A few cases of human infestation have also been reported. Though it is sometimes called a lungworm this term usually refers to other species of nematodes. Infestation by C.
 Eilema simplex is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma and on Borneo.
 Iphisa is a genus of the lizard family Gymnophthalmidae. The genus is monotypic i.e. it has only one species Iphisa elegans. The genus and species occurs in South America.
 Taiwani yoshimotoi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Taiwan.Adults have been found in April and August. It probably occurs in several generations.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. The forewing is relatively narrow and long. The median and terminal area are dark brown while the basal and postmedian area is light brown. The latter is gradually darker distally. There is a bright ovoid yellow reniform stigma. The crosslines are all present well marked and waved.
 Ligia natalensis is a woodlouse-like isopod in the family Ligiidae.The type specimen for this species is held in the KwaZulu-Natal Museum in Pietermaritzburg South Africa.
 The Dapple-throat or Dappled Mountain-robin (Arcanator orostruthus) is a species of bird in the Promeropidae family.It is found in Mozambique and Tanzania.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Catastia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hübner in 1825 and is known from Herzegovina Austria Italy and Greece.
 The patchwork stingaree (Urolophus flavomosaicus) is a little-known species of stingray in the family Urolophidae with a disjunct distribution off northwestern and northeastern Australia. It usually inhabits the outer continental shelf at a depth of 60–320 m (200–1050 ft). This species has a diamond-shaped pectoral fin disc much wider than long and a short flattened tail with a prominent dorsal fin and leaf-like caudal fin. There is a skirt-shaped curtain of skin between its nostrils.
 Galtoceras is a cyrtoconic nautiloid from the Middle Silurian of North America named by Foerste in 1934.Galtoceras is genus of the Oncocerida and of the oncocerid family Acleistoceratidae. As with the ascleistoceratids the curvature is exogastric such that the lower side or venter is on the outside curve.
 Oceanida is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Eulimidae.This genus was described by Léopold de Folin in 1870. These are subtidal snails that are parasitic on echinoderms. Their length varies between 2 and 3 mm.
 Toxoscelus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Toxoscelus acutipennis Fisher 1922 Toxoscelus amamiensis Kurosawa 1963 Toxoscelus auriceps (Saunders 1873) Toxoscelus binodosus Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Toxoscelus borneensis Obenberger 1935 Toxoscelus carbonarius Obenberger 1958 Toxoscelus centralis Deyrolle 1864 Toxoscelus cobosi Baudon 1968 Toxoscelus cupreoviridescens Obenberger 1935 Toxoscelus disponsae Baudon 1962 Toxoscelus eylandtus Bellamy & Peterson 2000 Toxoscelus funebris Deyrolle 1864 Toxoscelus fuscus Bourgoin 1923 Toxoscelus javanicus Obenberger 1935 Toxoscelus kurosawai Ohmomo & Akiyama 1988 Toxoscelus laosensis Baudon 1968 Toxoscelus mandarinus (Obenberger 1917) Toxoscelus matobai Tôyama 1985 Toxoscelus miwai Kurosawa 1977 Toxoscelus nakajimai Ohmomo 2002 Toxoscelus omega Baudon 1968 Toxoscelus parvus Obenberger 1924 Toxoscelus purpureomicans Kerremans 1890 Toxoscelus queenslandicus Bellamy & Peterson 2000 Toxoscelus rondoni Baudon 1968 Toxoscelus rugicollis Saunders 1874 Toxoscelus sacer Obenberger 1924 Toxoscelus sasakii Kurosawa 1957 Toxoscelus similis Gebhardt 1928 Toxoscelus singularis Kerremans 1900 Toxoscelus speciosus Fisher 1930 Toxoscelus sterbai Obenberger 1934 Toxoscelus undatus Deyrolle 1864 Toxoscelus vicinus Obenberger 1935 Toxoscelus yakushimensis Kurosawa 1957 Toxoscelus yokoyamai Kurosawa 1977↑
 The Peppered Butterflyfish (Chaetodon guttatissimus) is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the Indian Ocean from the Red Sea south to Durban South Africa and east to Christmas Island and western Thailand and Bali.This is one of the members of the subgenus Exornator. It is part of a close-knit group which also includes the Pebbled Butterflyfish (C. multicinctus) the Spot-banded Butterflyfish (C. punctatofasciatus) and the Sunset Butterflyfish (C. pelewensis).
 Neanisentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Eosentomidae.
 Anisomorpha is a genus of walking stick insect capable of secreting a substance from glands on the metathorax that can cause an intense burning irritation of the eyes (and in some cases temporary blindness) and mouth of potential predators on contact. Species are found throughout the mainland Central northern South America and the southeastern United States. The adult female is larger than the male in terms of length and width.
 The Jack Pine Looper (Macaria banksianae) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is about 23 mm.The larva feed on Pinus banksiana.
 The aboriginal cockroach (Periplaneta aboriginea) is a species of cockroach belonging to the family Blattidae. Unlike the related (and misnamed) Australian cockroach this is an Australian native endemic only recorded from the northern part of the Great Dividing Range in Queensland as far north as the Cape York Peninsula.This species which is capable of flight is usually found underneath tree bark.
 Trypeta longirostris is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Coenotes jakli is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Tanimbar Islands.
 Pelecia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acraea alciope the Alciope Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Bioko the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda south-western Uganda and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Theobroma cacao Fleurya and Musanga species.
 Cerodrillia bahamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Scaptius sordida is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru Paraguay and Brazil.
 Composia utowana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bates in 1933. It is found on the Bahamas.
 Celmus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 471 to 478 million years ago.
 The Glover's pika (Ochotona gloveri) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is endemic to China.
 Thyrocopa cinerella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai.The length of the forewings is 15-19 mm. Adults are on wing from at least April to July.
 Bithynia misella is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
 Mocis cubana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Cuba and was first reported from the Florida Keys by Heppner in 2003.The wingspan is about 37 mm.
 Lonchognathosaurus was a genus of dsungaripterid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Albian-age Lower Cretaceous Lianmuqin Formation of Xinjiang China. The genus was named in 2004 by Michael Maisch Andreas Matzke and Sun Ge. The type species is Lonchognathosaurus acutirostris. The genus name is derived from Greek lonchos lance gnathos jaw and sauros lizard in reference to the fact that it is a reptile with pointed jaws.
 The Red-capped Lark Calandrella cinerea is a small passerine bird. This lark breeds in the highlands of eastern Africa southwards from Ethiopia and northern Somalia. In the south its range stretches across the continent to Angola and south to the Cape in South Africa.This is a species of short grassland including fallow agricultural areas.
 Pseudopaludicola is a genus of leptodactylid frogs from South America. They are known under the common name dwarf swamp frogs or swamp frogs.
 The Striolated Puffbird (Nystalus striolatus) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in Brazil in the southwestern Amazon Basin and the bordering countries of Peru and Bolivia. A disjunct population lives to the west in a narrow region in central Ecuador and northwestern Peru. The other major population is another disjunct group about 1500 km northeasterly and downstream on the south regions of the Amazon River outlet in the Brazilian state of Pará.
 Conopleura is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.
 Homoeosoma masaiensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from South Africa.
 Eubranchus exiguus is a species of small sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.
 Parornix kalmiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada (Nova Scotia and Québec) the United States (Connecticut Pennsylvania Maine and Vermont).The larvae feed on Kalmia angustifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a pale orange colored blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Graciliclava costatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 Turbonilla araceliae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Kamchatka shrew (Sorex camtschatica) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Russia.
 Inermocoelotes halanensis is a funnel-web spider species found in Croatia.
 Acantharctia atriramosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in Kenya Uganda and Zambia.
 Volvarina ficoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Pavoraja umbrosa (Dusky skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives off the coast of northeastern Australia in depths ranging from 360 to 731 meters. Its maximum size is 36.9 centimeters.
 Aethes intactana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California.
 Cochylis yinyangana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is only known from the White Sands National Monument in Otero County New Mexico and at Carlsbad Caverns National Park in Eddy County also in New Mexico.The length of the forewings is 4.2─6.2 mm for males and 4.6–5.5 mm for females. The forewings are yellowish-white. The hindwings are dirty-white with yellowish-white veins.
 Eupithecia peterseni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tunisia.
 Trichromia curta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in French Guiana.
 Bocchoris labarinthalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found in Nigeria.It has a wingspan of 20 millimetres (0.79 in).
 Neojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Cleistosphinctes is an extinct cephalopod genus from the ammonite order that lived during the Middle Jurassic approximately 174 to 170 million years ago.Cleistosphinctes named by Arkell 1953 and included in the family Perisphinctidae and superfamily Perisphinctaceae is small compressed evolute with long secondary ribs and very large asymmetric spatulate lappets that embrace the sides of the preceding whorl.
 Savage's salamander (Bolitoglossa savagei) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Coleophora kearfottella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including New Jersey Ontario Quebec and Prince Edward Island.The larvae feed on the leaves of Salix (including Salix bebbiana and Salix discolor) and Ribes species. They create a lobe case.
 Anthene ligures the Lesser Indigo Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana Togo Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western and central Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males are attracted to damp patches.The larvae feed on Celtis species.
 Phrynobatrachus scapularis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers shrub-dominated wetlands freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes heavily degraded former forest and ponds.
 The Neotropical parrots or New World parrots comprise approximately 150 species in 32 genera found throughout South and Central America Mexico and the Caribbean islands and two species (one extinct) formerly inhabited North America. They are also present on a few Pacific islands like the Galapagos.
 Dianzhongia is a genus of tritylodont therapsid from the Sinemurian (Early Jurassic) of Yunnan China. Only partial cranial remains from the Zhangjiawa locality of the Lufeng Formation can so far be attributed to this animal. It may be synonymous with the related genus Lufengia.
 The Collared Aracari (US /ˌɑːrəˈsɑːri/ AHR-ə-SAHR-eeUK /ˌɑrəˈsɑːri/ ARR-ə-SAHR-ee or /ˌɑrəˈkɑːri/ ARR-ə-KAHR-ee)or Collared Araçari (Pteroglossus torquatus) is a toucan a near-passerine bird. It breeds from southern Mexico to Panama; also Ecuador Colombia Venezuela and Costa Rica.
 Clarkeulia mulsa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 Azendohsaurus (meaning Azendoh lizard) was a genus of herbivorous archosauromorph from the Late Triassic Period of Morocco. The type species (A. laaroussi) is known only from a partial jaw fragment (with some teeth) from Morocco. Azendohsaurus was previously regarded as a dinosaur as either an ornithischian or a prosauropod.
 Simnia arcuata common name Vidler's simnia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Aethes affinis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is known only from Costa Rica.
 The four-eyed frog (Pleurodema bibroni) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is found in Brazil Uruguay and possibly Argentina.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.The common name refers to two inguinal poison glands that resemble eyes. When threatened the frog lowers its head and raises its rear.
 Acicula parcelineata is a species of small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae.
 Eupithecia dormita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Paludis Brown (Pseudonympha paludis) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa from the eastern Cape to Lesotho the eastern part of the Orange Free State the Drakensberg in KwaZulu-Natal and high altitude mountains in Mpumalanga.The wingspan is 34–38 mm for males and 32–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to January at high altitudes and from November to April in the hills of the eastern Cape (with a peak in mid summer).
 Gonometa is a genus of moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Chloroclystis permixta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.
 Myopinae is a subfamily of fly from the family Conopidae.
 The Mite Sandman (Spialia paula) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Botswana Transvaal and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of dry savanna.The wingspan is 20-27 mm. This is a small butterfly that is primarily brown with white spots on the dorsal side of the wings. Adults are on wing between August and April. Adults of both sexes feed from flowers.
 Favartia paulskoglundi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Phyllonorycter farensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Faro River Reserve in Cameroon and the southern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The length of the forewings is about 2.7 mm for males and about 3.2 mm for females. Adults are on wing in late November.
 Cryptoblabes poliella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cryptoblabes. It was described by Lower in 1905 and is known from Australia.
 The Amur stickleback (Pungitius sinensis) is a species of fish in the family Gasterosteidae. This freshwater brackish water or marine benthopelagic fish is usually 6.5 cm (up to 9 cm) in length. It is widespread in Asia: off the Korean peninsula Japan the Kuril Islands the Kamchatka peninsula and the basin of the Amur River.
 Terebra guayaquilensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Gasteruptiidae are one of the more distinctive families among the apocritan wasps with surprisingly little variation in appearance for a group that contains around 500 species in 9 genera worldwide. The propleura form an elongated neck the petiole attaches very high on the propodeum and the hind tibiae are swollen and club-like.
 The Berber toad Mauritanian toad crapaud de Maurétanie crapaud pantherin or sapo moruno (Bufo mauritanicus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in northern Africa: Algeria Morocco (and the two Spanish cities in northern Africa Ceuta y Melilla) Tunisia and possibly Western Sahara.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland and plantations.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amantis basilana is a species of praying mantis native to the Philippines.
 Guineafowl sometimes called Pintade are a family of birds originating from Africa related to other game birds such as the pheasants turkeys and partridges; they have a long history of domestication mainly involving the Helmeted Guineafowl.They lay 25–30 eggs in a deep tapering nest. Their eggs are small dark and extremely thick-shelled. The hens have a habit of hiding their nests and sharing it with other hens until large numbers of eggs have accumulated.
 Palaina striolata is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 The Pale-billed Parrotbill (Chleuasicus atrosuperciliaris) also known as the Black-browed Parrotbill or Lesser Rufous-headed Parrotbill is a species of parrotbill in the Sylviidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Petalium californicum is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Amauta papilionaris is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Colombia Venezuela Peru Bolivia Ecuador and Panama.The wingspan is about 103-135 mm. Adults are dark brown with a transverse yellowish band running parallel to the exterior margin on the forewings. There is a small colon shaped yellow spot on the discal area. There is a turquoise band on the hindwings which runs from the costal margin to the anal margin without touching it.
 Erebus nyctaculis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Mindanao and Indonesia (including Java and Sulawesi) south to northern Australia.
 For the snout moth genus invalidly named Lispe by Treitschke in 1832 see Myelois.The Lispe is a genus of true flies belonging to the family Muscidae.The adult are predators of small insects. Larvae are also predators living in damp sand and mud.
 Rhinodipterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric dipnoan sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish that lived in the Devonian Period between 416 and 359 million years ago. It is believed to have inhabited shallow salt-water reefs and is one of the earliest known examples of marine lungfish.
 Glaucostegus is a small genus of rays in the family Rhinobatidae.
 Macrosoma albimacula is moth-like butterfly described by William Warren in 1900. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 Cossmannica bancoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acicys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Benthodorbis pawpela is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Glacidorbidae. This species is endemic to Australia. This species was previously placed in the Hydrobiidae.
 Helmolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Herochroma crassipunctata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkestan and India.
 Silvanoprus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Silvanoprus angusticollis Reitter Silvanoprus birmanicus Grouvelle Silvanoprus cephalotes Reitter Silvanoprus desaegeri Lefkovitch Silvanoprus fagi Guerin Silvanoprus feae Grouvelle Silvanoprus frater Grouvelle Silvanoprus indicus Pal & Sen Gupta Silvanoprus insidiosus Grouvelle Silvanoprus longicollis Reitter Silvanoprus orientalis Grouvelle Silvanoprus parallelocollis Reitter Silvanoprus porrectus Walker Silvanoprus scuticollis Walker Silvanoprus sikhotensis Krivolutskaja Silvanoprus tenuicollis Grouvelle↑
 Gemmula graeffei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Melanomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae which is distributed in northern South America and adjacent Central America. It contains three species two of which—Melanomys robustulus and Melanomys zunigae—have limited distributions. The third Melanomys caliginosus is more widely distributed but may be a species complex.
 Eleutherodactylus atratus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dolichamphilius brieni is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in Pool Malebo. It reaches a length of 5.4 centimetres (2.1 in).
 Idalus dorsalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Seitz in 1921. It is found in French Guiana and Colombia.
 The northern nail-tail wallaby (Onychogalea unguifera) also known as the sandy nail-tail wallaby is a species of macropod found in Queensland Western Australia and Northern Territory. Unlike the bridled nail-tail wallaby (O. fraenata) the northern nail-tail wallaby is not a threatened species. The only other member of the genus the crescent nail-tail wallaby (O. lunata) is extinct.The northern nail-tail wallaby by far the largest species in the genus Onychogalea.
 Pomatoschistus quagga the Quagga goby is a species of goby native to the western part of the Mediterranean Sea and the Adriatic Sea. It occurs above soft substrates and in beds of eelgrass. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 Mysis diluviana is a mysid crustacean (opossum shrimp) found in freshwater lakes of northern North America.
 Lestes is a genus of damselfly in family Lestidae. The family hold their wings at about 45 degrees to the body when resting. This distinguishes them from most other species of damselflies which hold the wings along and parallel to the body when at rest.The name Lestes comes from the Greek word ληστησ meaning predator.The genus contains the following species:
 The Common Gull (Cepora nerissa) is a small to medium-sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is native to India.
 Phoenicoprocta chrysorrhoea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Colombia.
 Thitarodes sinarabesca is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Felix Bryk in 1946 and is known from China.
 Hyalopsocus morio is a black coloured species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain Ireland Poland Romania and in every country of Western Europe (except for Finland Luxembourg and Scandinavia).
 Tachypodoiulus niger known variously as the white-legged snake millipede or the black millipede is a European species of millipede. It is very similar to other species such as Cylindroiulus londinensis from which it can be reliably distinguished only by studying the shape of the telson. It occurs in the British Isles Spain France Benelux Germany Switzerland Austria and the Czech Republic and is especially common on chalky and limestone soils.T.
 Oenopota dictyophora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Mangeliidae.
 Tomoxia contracta is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by George Charles Champion in 1891.
 Ziba is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitridae.
 Microrape is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae. (For the social usage of the word see Microaggression.)
 Sepsis flavimana is a European species of fly and member of the family Sepsidae.
 Coronium oblongum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Dectes texanus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by LeConte in 1862.
 Coptotermes is a genus of termites in the family Rhinotermitidae. There are about seventy-one species many of which are economically destructive pests. The genus is thought to have originated in southeastern Asia. Worker termites from this genus forage underground and move about in roofed tunnels that they build along the surface.In Australia Coptotermes colonies sometimes host a parasitic species of termite Ahamitermes.
 Bryolymnia viridata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in western California fromSonoma County north of San Francisco southward to San Diego County.The wingspan is about 27 mm. Adults have been collected late May to mid-October.
 Odax cyanoallix the bluefinned butterfish a species of weed whiting found only around Three Kings Islands about 80 km north of New Zealand. It is found in shallow reef areas where brown seaweed is abundant. This species can reach a length of 27 centimetres (11 in) SL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Flavicorniculum is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Dichagyris nigrescens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south and central Europe and the Near East and Middle East.Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.
 The blue-and-gold snapper Lutjanus viridis is a species of snapper native to the eastern Pacific Ocean along the coast from Mexico to Ecuador and around offshore islands including Malpelo Galapagos Las Tres Marías (Panama) and Revillagigedo islands. where they tend to be particularly abundant. They usually can be found in large schools around both rocky and coral reefs at depths from 3 to 30 m (9.8 to 98.4 ft) though usually between 9 and 15 m (30 and 49 ft).
 Clarkenia miramundi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in El Salvador.
 Longitarsus aramaicus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found on Cyprus and in Asian countries such as Israel Jordan Turkey and Ramallah Palestine.
 The Alabama pigtoe scientific name Pleurobema johannis was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species was endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat was rivers.
 Elpiste is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Paracleros maesseni Maessen’s Dusky Dart is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ghana and Nigeria (the Cross River loop).
 The black-headed lizard Liolaemus nigriceps is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family. It is endemic to Chile.
 A dik-dik is a small antelope in the genus Madoqua that lives in the bushlands of eastern and southern Africa. Dik-diks stand about 30–40 cm (12–16 in) at the shoulder are 50–70 cm (20–28 in) long weigh 3–6 kg (7–16 lb) and can live for up to 10 years. Dik-diks are named for the alarm calls of the females. In addition to the females' alarm call both the male and female make a shrill whistling sound. These calls may alert other animals to predators.
 Scopula cajanderi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It has a Holarctic distribution which includes Russia Alaska and Yukon.The wingspan is 21–23 mm. Adults have dark grey to reddish brown wings.
 Scopula sagittilinea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya Somalia and Tanzania.
 Panagrius hystrix is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Panagrius.
 Thoracochromis is a fish genus of haplochromine cichlids that are endemic to Africa. Most species are from rivers in Angola and Namibia or the Congo River Basin in Central Africa but one (T. wingatii) is from the Nile. Many species have been moved between this genus and Haplochromis and while some consensus has been reached in recent years their mutual delimitation is still far from settled.
 The Northern Birch Mouse (Sicista betulina) is a small rodent about 5 to 8 cm long (without the tail) weighing 4.5 to 13 g. It lives in Siberia in forest and marsh zones.It hibernates in underground burrows. It eats shoots grains berries and sometimes insects.
 Successor (March 27 1964 - August 1 1971) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Trigonostoma bicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Araripemydidae is a family of turtle belonging to the order Testudines. There are no living representatives of the family but fossil records have been used to identify it as part of the Pleurodira suborder. There are five collections of single fossils four that were found in Brazil and one that was found in Niger. The family contains two recognised genera Araripemys and Laganemys and two species Araripemys barretoi and Laganemys tenerensis.
 Trichromia sithnides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil Suriname Peru and French Guyana.
 La Voyageuse (foaled 1975 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse who was a three-time Sovereign Award winner. She was bred and raced by prominent Quebec businessman and major racing stable owner Jean-Louis Levesque.Retired to broodmare duty for the 1981 season La Voyageuse produced thirteen foals between then and 1997.
 Flexopecten is a genus of saltwater clams scallops marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae the scallops.
 Philautus dubius is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to India.
 Paleopsephurus is an extinct genus of paddlefish in the Acipenseriformes family Polyodontidae. At present the genus contains the single species Paleopsephurus wilsoni.The genus is known primarily from the Late Cretaceous Turonian to the Maastrichtian stage Hell Creek Formation deposits.
 Eugnosta lathoniana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Europe (from the Iberian Peninsula to the Peloponnese and from Germany to the Ural Mountains and the Caucasus) North Africa (Algeria) Asia Minor Armenia and Iran.The wingspan is 21-27 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.
 Helicotylenchus multicinctus is a plant pathogenic nematode that affects primarily bananas and plantains. Nematodes of the genus Helicotylenchus are spiral nematodes and feed on a large variety of plant species.
 Sparganothis illustris is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 18–21 mm.
 The American Woodcock (Scolopax minor) sometimes colloquially referred to as the Timberdoodle is a small chunky shorebird species found primarily in the eastern half of North America. Woodcocks spend most of their time on the ground in brushy young-forest habitats where the birds' brown black and gray plumage provides excellent camouflage.Because of the male Woodcock's unique beautiful courtship flights the bird is welcomed as a harbinger of spring in northern areas.
 Knodus is a genus of characins from South America with 23 currently recognized species: Knodus borki Zarske 2008 Knodus breviceps (C. H. Eigenmann 1908) Knodus caquetae Fowler 1945 Knodus chapadae (Fowler 1906) Knodus delta Géry 1972 Knodus dorsomaculatus K. M. Ferreira & Netto-Ferreira 2010 Knodus gamma Géry 1972 Knodus geryi F. C. T. Lima Britski & Machado 2004 Knodus heteresthes (C. H.
 Centropseustis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Acompsia tripunctella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the Alps Apennines Carpathians and the Balkans. There are also records from European Russia Transbaikalia and the Caucasus but these require confirmation. The habitat consists of clearings and edges of forests steppe slopes and meadows up to the alpine zone.The wingspan is 19–23 mm for males and 16–18 mm for females.
 Amphia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nucula tenuis or the smooth nut clam is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Labrador to Maryland.
 Episageceratinae is a subfamily of the Medlicottiidae a family of prolecanitid ammonites.
 Acrosterigma is a genus of large saltwater clams or cockles marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae the cockles.
 Lissotestella is a genus of minute sea snails or micromolluscs marine gastropod molluscs unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Hylodes vanzolinii is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cantrainea nuda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Cindarella is genus of trilobite-like Cambrian arthropod known from the Chengjiang biota of China. It is classified as a stem group of trilobites in the clade Xandarellida along with Phytophilaspis Sinoburius and Xandarella.
 Oxydrepanus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oxydrepanus amrishi Makhan 2010 Oxydrepanus brasiliensis Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus coamensis (Mutchler 1934) Oxydrepanus luridus Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus mexicanus Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus micans Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus minae Makhan & Ezzatpanah 2011 Oxydrepanus minimus Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus minor (Kult 1950) Oxydrepanus ovalis Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus ovoideus (Kult 1950) Oxydrepanus reicheoides Darlington 1939 Oxydrepanus rishwani Makhan 2010 Oxydrepanus rufus (Putzeys 1846)↑
 Anthela ochroptera is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Catharosiini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Cabot's Tragopan (Tragopan caboti) is a pheasant found in south-east China. This large (61 cm) bird is divided into two subspecies of which the nominate race is found in the provinces of Fujian Jiangxi Zhejiang and Guangdong and T. c. guangxiensis is confined to northeastern Guangxi and southern Hunan. Tragopan chicks can fly as soon as they hatch.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the ornithologist Samuel Cabot.
 The Oasis Hummingbird (Rhodopis vesper) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in coastal regions of Peru in a 100–200 km wide strip that extends the length of Peru's coastline about 3000 km.
 Arctolamia is a genus of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Some older sources use Cardita for the genus Cardites and vice versa. See below for details.Cardita is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Carditidae.Especially in the early 18th century this genus was often confused with its relative Cardites. This started with Jean-Baptiste Lamarck describing the present genus as Cardites in 1801. However J.H.F. Link in 1807 used that name to establish a distinct genus.
 Belocephalus sleighti is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Laomenes is a genus of shrimp comprising the following species:Laomenes amboinensis (De Man 1888)Laomenes ceratophthalmus (Borradaile 1915)Laomenes clarki Marin 2009Laomenes cornutus (Borradaile 1915)Laomenes holthuisi Marin & Okuno 2010Laomenes jackhintoni (Bruce 2006)Laomenes nudirostris (Bruce 1968)Laomenes pardus Marin 2009Laomenes tigris Marin 2009↑ 1.0 1.1
 Coleophora gnaphalii is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Sweden and the Baltic States to the Pyrenees the Alps and Romania and from France to Russia.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Gnaphalium species and Helichrysum arenarium. They create a small curved hairy case of less than 12 mm. The mouth angle is about 30°. Full-grown larvae can be found from May to June.
 Ophiolepididae are a family of brittle stars of the suborder Ophiurina. It includes both deep-sea and shallow-water species.
 Hypselodoris kanga is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Mataeocephalus is a genus of rattails.
 The Andean Coot (Fulica ardesiaca) also known as the Slate-coloured Coot is a species of bird in the Rallidae family. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater lakes.The bill and shield color are variable. The most common combination is a chestnut shield and yellow bill. Other combinations are yellow shield / white bill and white shield / white bill.
 Omobranchus steinitzi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean in the Red Sea. This species reaches a length of 3.2 centimetres (1.3 in) SL.
 Oocerina is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus that lived during the Late Silurian of Europe Russia and North America.Oocerina included in the oncoerid family Oncoceratidae and arbitrarily within the Slender Oncoceratidae is characterized by a moderately slender elongate shell with an exogastric curvature such that the lower side with the siphuncle is convex in profile and the opposite upper side is concave in profile.
 The Andean Goose (Chloephaga melanoptera) is a member of the duck goose and swan family Anatidae. It is in the shelduck subfamily Tadorninae.It is resident around lakes and marshes in the high Andes usually well above 3000 m. It is largely terrestrial and avoids swimming except in emergencies.This heavily built bird has a tiny pink bill and white plumage except for black in the wings and tail.
 Cochleoceps is a genus of clingfishes endemic to the waters around Australia.
 Iredalea is a small genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.This genus was named in 1915 by Walter Oliver after Tom Iredale (1880–1972) an English-born naturalist who lived mainly in Australia.
 Ammoconia caecimacula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe except southern Spain Great Britain Ireland and northern Fennoscandia. It is also present in Anatolia northern Asia and western Turkestan. In the east the species is represented by subspecies transcaucasica and sibirica.The wingspan is 35–48 mm.
 Microsveltia karubar is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Diodora variegata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The Sinnamary Brush-tailed Rat (Isothrix sinnamariensis) or Brush-tailed Rat is a species of rodent in the Echimyidae family. It is found in French Guiana Guyana and possibly Suriname. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fuscicupes parvus is a species of beetle in the family Ommatidae the only species in the genus Fuscicupes.
 The Rhinotermitidae are a family of termites (Isoptera). They feed on wood and can cause extensive damage to buildings or other wooden structures.
 Stenilema quadrinotata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Herdwick is a breed of domestic sheep native to the Lake District of Cumbria in North West England. The name Herdwick is derived from the Old Norse herdvyck meaning sheep pasture.
 Nudaria diaphanella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Frigidoalvania is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 Enneapterygius triserialis is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Fricke in 1994.
 Fusinus turris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Cyclopalpia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1897.
 Eois cellulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in central Peru.
 Euaontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The elegant feather star Tropiometra carinata is a species of crinoid in the family Tropiometridae.
 The Sooty Gull (Ichthyaetus hemprichii) is a species of gull in the Laridae family.It is found in Bahrain Djibouti Egypt Eritrea India Iran Israel Jordan Kenya Lebanon Maldives Mozambique Oman Pakistan Qatar Saudi Arabia Somalia Sri Lanka Sudan Tanzania United Arab Emirates and Yemen. As is the case with many gulls it has traditionally been placed in the genus Larus.
 Eois golosata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Exilisia variegata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1972. It is found on the Comoros and Madagascar.
 Dysdaemonia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Erikssonia is a genus of Lycaenidae family.
 Bombyx shini is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Park and Sohn in 2002. It is found in Korea.
 Acrocercops chalinopa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Brazil. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1920.
 Heterocentrotus is a genus of slate pencil urchins containing two species: Heterocentrotus mamillatus (Linnaeus 1758) Heterocentrotus trigonarius (Lamarck 1816)
 Chlamys islandica or the Iceland scallop is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Greenland to Massachusetts.
 Phillips' kangaroo rat Dipodomys phillipsii is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is hot deserts.The species is named after John Phillips an official of a Mexican mining company who sent zoological specimens including the type specimen of this kangaroo rat to the British Museum.
 The Sulawesi Myna (Basilornis celebensis) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Kashmir white-toothed shrew (Crocidura pullata) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in India and Pakistan.
 The African keeled mud turtle (Pelusios carinatus) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family.It is endemic to Africa in the Democratic Republic of the Congo the Republic of the Congo and Gabon
 Neohepialiscus is a monotypic moth genus of the family Hepialidae. The only described species is N. algeriensis of Algeria and Tunisia.
 Elachista deresyensis is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It was described by Traugott-Olsen in 1988. It is found in Turkey.
 The Red-bellied Parrot (Poicephalus rufiventris) is a small African parrot about 23 cm (9 in) long of the Poicephalus genus. It is a mostly greenish and grey parrot. Males have a bright orange belly and females have a greenish belly.
 Opigena polygona is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from The Netherlands Sweden and Finland through central and south-eastern Europe to central Asia northern Iran the Caucasus Transcaucasia Armenia Turkey Irkutsk western and central China Tibet Nepal and northern India.The wingspan is 35–42 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of July to the latter half of September.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants including Capsella Primula Polygonum Rumex and Trifolium.
 Xenocypris is a genus of cyprinid fish found in eastern Asia. There are currently six species in this genus.
 Speia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Helicarion is a genus of air-breathing land snails or semislugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.Helicarion is the type genus of the family Helicarionidae.
 Syllepte torsipex is a moth in the Crambidae family that is found in Congo Ivory Coast Sierra Leone and in Zambia.
 Amerila curta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found on the Umboi Islands of Papua New Guinea.
 Garra bispinosa is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Nemophora minimella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Finland Estonia Ukraine Slovenia Switzerland and Portugal.The wingspan is 11–13 millimetres (0.43–0.51 in). Adult males have antennae which are almost twice the wing length while those of the female are just over one wing length. They are on wing in July and fly during the day.The larvae feed on Succisa pratensis and Scabiosa columbaria. They first feed on the seeds.
 Propebela mitrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Howler monkeys (genus Alouatta monotypic in subfamily Alouattinae) are among the largest of the New World monkeys. Fifteen species are currently recognised. Previously classified in the family Cebidae they are now placed in the family Atelidae. These monkeys are native to South and Central American forests. Threats to howler monkeys include human predation habitat destruction and being captured for captivity as pets or zoo animals.
 Potamonautes platynotus is a species of freshwater crab which is endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is the only freshwater crab outside the genus Platythelphusa. Although primarily aquatic P. platynotus is sometimes seen out of water and can survive for many hours without water.
 Flabellina cerverai is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Eupithecia magnipuncta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Creatonotos interrupta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1767. It is often listed as a synonym of Creatonotos gangis but the identity is unclear.
 Volvarina fauna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Green Whip Snake or Western Whip Snake (Hierophis viridiflavus) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.There is a larger often pure black variant found in Southern Italy and referred to there as 'Il Biacco'.
 Orthomecyna is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. All species are endemic to Hawaii.
 Engyprosopon is a genus of lefteye flounders.
 Glaucoda is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Euhygia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The strange-nosed chameleon (Kinyongia xenorhina) is a chameleon native to the rainforests of the Ruwenzori Mountains of western Uganda and eastern Republic of Congo. The strange-nosed chameleon is named for the large protuberance extending from the top of its snout particularly prominent on the males of the species. This feature is composed of two separate plates extending outwards from either side of the snout and merging at the end.
 The blue tuskfish Choerodon cyanodus is a species of wrasse native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it is known to occur around [[Australia]] but has been claimed to occur more widely. It inhabits reefs. This species can reach a length of 70 cm (28 in). It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Ruddy Dagger Moth (Acronicta rubricoma) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Ontario and New York to central Florida west to Texas and east Kansas.The wingspan is 38–44 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October depending on the location. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on elm hackberry and sumac.
 The Red-throated Wood Rail (Aramides gutturalis) is a disputed species of bird in the Rallidae family.If it is not a misidentification it was endemic to Peru and apparently became extinct due to habitat loss some time in the 20th century.Following the 2006 SACC assessment which listed this species as dubious taxon BirdLife International removed the Red-throated Wood Rail from the list of extinct species in 2009 as it might be either a badly prepared specimen of the Grey-necked Wood Rail A.
 Symmocoides ferreirae is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Geobius pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Geobius.
 Copelatus efoutensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 1995.
 Placabis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Coleophora charistis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Morocco.
 Conus scopulicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Bdelyropsis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Eugraphe is a genus of noctuid moths (family Noctuidae). They belong to the tribe Xestiini of the typical noctuid subfamily Noctuinae though some do not separate this tribe and include the genus in the Noctuini. It is closely related to Anagnorisma Coenophila and Eugnorisma and as it seems most closely to the first of these (see also below).
 Stachyris is a genus of bird in the Timaliidae family. It has been found to be polyphyletic and is in the process of being dismantled.
 Caergwrle (foaled 1965) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from July 1967 until June 1968 the filly ran six times and won three races. After winning once as a two-year-old she showed improved form in the spring of 1968 to win the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse. Caergwrle was beaten in her only subsequent race and was retired to stud where she had limited success as a broodmare.
 Galinthias meruensis is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya Malawi Somalia and Tanzania.
 Hyposmocoma scapulellum is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Olaa.
 Trachelostenidae is a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga.
 The Silvereye or Wax-eye (Zosterops lateralis) is a very small omnivorous passerine bird of the south-west pacific. In Australia and New Zealand its common name is sometimes shortened to White-eye but this name is more commonly used to refer to all members of the genus Zosterops or the entire family Zosteropidae.In New Zealand the Silvereye was first recorded in 1832. It arrived in greater numbers in 1856 and it is assumed that a migrating flock was swept eastwards by a storm.
 Pegasus is a genus of seamoths found in coastal tropical marine waters. The name was taken from the winged horse Pegasus in Greek mythology. This horse was created with Medusa´s blood.
 The Four-spotted Bird Dropping Moth (Tarache tetragona) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Florida south through the Caribbean and from eastern Texas south through Mexico and most of Central America to Costa Rica.The wingspan is about 20 mm.The forewings have a white basal and medial area. The hindwings are white without a darker outer margin. Females are more darkly marked than males.
 The Mount Kahuzi climbing mouse (Dendromus kahuziensis) is a rodent found only in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to illegal logging; it is also threatened by fire. Only two specimens have ever been found. Both were found within 100m of each other on Mount Kahuzi. Its body length (excluding tail) is 50-100mm and its tail length is 65-132mm.
 Tricypha furcata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1878. It is found in French Guiana Surinam Brazil and Venezuela.
 Parakamosia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Parakamosia camerunica Thery 1932 Parakamosia carnithorax Obenberger 1924 Parakamosia margotana Novak 1988 Parakamosia muehlei Novak 1988 Parakamosia parva Bellamy 1986 Parakamosia zophera Bellamy 1986 Parakamosia zoufali Obenberger 1924↑
 Mapeta schausi is a species of snout moths in the genus Mapeta. It was described by Druce in 1895 and is known from Chile (including Rinconada) and Mexico (including Vera Cruz the type location).
 Poecilosoma vespoides is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Peru.
 Homoeosoma costalbella is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Amsel in 1954 and is known from Iraq.
 Terebra contracta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Ropalopus sanguinicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Ropalopus.
 The Eurasian Wren (Troglodytes troglodytes) is a very small bird and the only member of the wren family Troglodytidae found in Eurasia and Africa (Maghreb). In Anglophone Europe it is commonly known simply as the Wren. It was once lumped with Troglodytes hiemalis of eastern North America and Troglodytes pacificus of western North America as the Winter Wren. The Eurasian Wren occurs in Europe a belt of Asia from northern Iran and Afghanistan across to Japan.
 Canthocamptus is a genus of copepods (small crustaceans) that live in water from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean. There are over 200 different species of Canthocamptus. A number of Australian endemic species are listed as vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List (marked VU in the list below) and one Brazilian species is conservation dependent (marked NT).
 Gymnelia ludga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Colombia.
 Hungkiichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Jurassic epoch.
 Cervocerus is a deer genus that lived about 7 million years ago at the boundary between the Miocene and Pliocene periods. Cervocerus novorossiae was found in China	and the Republic of Moldova.
 Batrachedra comosae is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found on Puerto Rico. The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ananas comosus.
 The Striped Birch Pyralid Moth or Paper Birch Leaftier (Ortholepis pasadamia) is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It was described by Dyar in 1917. It is found in North America including Alberta British Columbia Illinois Maine Manitoba Massachusetts Minnesota New Hampshire Nova Scotia Ontario Quebec and Wisconsin.The larvae feed on birch.
 Garra blanfordii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Helicina platychila is a species of tropical land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae.The description of Helicina epistilia Guppy 1868 matches this species and these names are therefore considered synonyms.
 Coleophora campella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.The wingspan is about 8 mm.The larvae feed on Salsola gemmascens. The entire development takes place inside the fruit of their host plant. The larvae are chocolate-brown or ocher-yellow with a more or less discernible chocolate-brown band in the middle of each segment. The head is brown. They reach a length of 4 mm. The larvae can be found from the end of September to October.
 Clinolobidae is one of eleven families of the Neoicoceratoidea superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 The Salt Marsh Common Yellowthroat (Geothlypis trichas sinuosa) is a subspecies of the Common Yellowthroat a New World warbler.The Salt Marsh Common Yellowthroat has experienced a dramatic 80% decline from the early 20th century through 1976. It is a species of concern for protection in efforts to restore Chelsea Wetlands in Hercules California.
 Cercidocerus securifer is a species of the family Curculionidae.
 Ilerda redirects here. For the Spanish town see Lleida.Heliophorus is a genus of lycaenid butterflies.
 Terebra hemphilli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Heterastridium is a genus of fossil marine Hydrozoan from the Upper Triassic. They are mostly discoid or spherical and some forms found in the Karakorum mountains are called Karakorum stones. They vary in diameter from 1 to 35 cm and appear to follow Cope's rule for the prehistoric climate.
 Phragmataecia dushman is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Basalia melanosticta is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from the Palni Hills in south-central India.Adults have been recorded in August.The wingspan is 17-19 mm. The crosslines are double distinct and black at the costa. The terminal line is marked by black interveinal dots. There is a characteristic diffuse black oblique streak from the apex of the forewing to the postmedial line at the ventral margin. The terminal line has dark interveinal dots.
 Eulima mamilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 In plant systematics Epidendroideae is a subfamily of the orchid family Orchidaceae. Epidendroideae is larger than all the other orchid subfamilies together comprising more than 15000 species in 576 genera. Most Epidendroid orchids are tropical epiphytes typically with pseudobulbs.
 Turbonilla kuraenohamana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pidonia quadrata is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in Canada and the USA.
 Glyphidites is a Late Triassic ceratitid included in the family Thisbitidae characterized by an essentially involute shell with a compressed whorl section nearly straight sides and arched venter bearing a serrated keel and granular sinuous ribs. Glyphidites comes from the Upper Triassic (Norian) of Sicily and the Alps. Related genera include Thisbites and Jellinekites.
 Pycnotomina cavicolle is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae the only species in the genus Pycnotomina.
 Dasytes is a genus of beetles. It is sometimes placed in the Melyridae family subfamily Dasytinae while others place it in family Dasytidae.D. plumbeus is a very common beetle on flowers in Germany where it feeds on pollen. It is about 3 to 5 mm long.
 Tiphobia horei is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.Tiphobia horei is the only species in the genus Tiphobia. Tiphobia is the type genus of the tribe Tiphobiini.The specific name horei is in honor of Reverend Edward Coode Hore (1848-1912) from the UK.
 Turbonilla ulyssi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Vexillum blanfordi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Red-whiskered Bulbul (Pycnonotus jocosus) is a passerine bird found in Asia. It is a member of the bulbul family. It is a resident frugivore found mainly in tropical Asia. It has been introduced in many tropical areas of the world where populations have established themselves. It feeds on fruits and small insects and they conspicuously perch on trees and their calls are a loud three or four note call. The distinctive crest and the red-vent and whiskers makes them easy to identify.
 Nephelomys caracolus also known as the Costa Central Oryzomys or caracol rice rat is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in cloud forest in the Cordillera de la Costa Central of Aragua Miranda and the Distrito Federal in north-central Venezuela at elevations from 1000 to 2500 m. It is nocturnal and terrestrial and has a varied diet.
 Thubana felinaurita is a species of moth of the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Guangxi in China.The wingspan is 20.5-21 mm. The head of the adult is grayish brown with grayish white scales around the eyes. The antennae are yellowish white and longer than the forewing. The forewings are rectangular with the costa gently curved and the apex blunt. They have a brown with dark purple color and a grayish black fringe with a yellowish white basal line.
 Dialeucias violascens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana and Ecuador.
 Lumbriculus genitosetosus was described by Holmquist in 1976 from almost 2000 individuals collected in Northern Alaska. Initially Holmquist revived the genus Thinodrilus (previously established by Smith in 1895 for Th. inconstans) for L.
 Atagema carinata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Platyptilia suigensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Japan and Korea.
 Arycanda is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Barred Wren-Warbler or Southern Barred Warbler(Calamonastes fasciolatus) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Namibia South Africa and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Pterocalla scutellata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Tephritidae.
 Sympistis nemum is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Utah.
 Asiatolida miyatakei is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Asiatolida.
 Shelley's Sparrow (Passer shelleyi) also known as Shelley's Rufous Sparrow or the White Nile Rufous Sparrow is a sparrow found in South Sudan Ethiopia Uganda and Kenya. It is frequently considered a subspecies of the Kenya Sparrow which in turn is considered a subspecies of the Great Sparrow. This species is named after English geologist and ornithologist George Ernest Shelley.
 The Moss-backed Tanager (Bangsia edwardsi) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eugoa vasta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Bolinia euryptera is a species of deep-water sculpin known only from the northern Pacific Ocean around the Aleutian Islands of Amukta Carlisle and Semisopochnoi. It is found at depths of between 201 to 410 metres (659 to 1345 ft). This species grows to a length of 18.9 centimetres (7.4 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Dellamora antipodes is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1930.
 Rhynchactis is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Gigantactinidae containing three species found worldwide at depths greater than 400 m (1300 ft). Adult female Rhynchactis reach a standard length (SL) of 11–13 cm (4.3–5.1 in) and have a dark-colored streamlined body and a relatively small head bearing a very long illicium (the fishing rod formed by the first ray of the dorsal fin).
 Hypomolis viridis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1903. It is found in Peru.
 Cerithium citrinum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The brownsnout spookfish Dolichopteryx longipes is a species of barreleye in the family Opisthoproctidae. It and the newly discovered glasshead barreleye fish are the only vertebrates known to employ a mirror as opposed to a lens to focus an image in its eyes.
 Barbara Brown's titi (Callicebus barbarabrownae) is a species of titi a type of New World monkey. This critically endangered species is endemic to the Caatinga in northeastern Brazil and it is estimated that less than 250 mature individuals remain.
 Cranopsis mazatlanensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical dry forests and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bleptiphora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ophiusa umbrilinea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Namibia.
 Synodontis notata the Onespot squeaker is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo. This species grows to a length of 26.5 centimetres (10.4 in) TL. This species can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Allalmeia was a small notoungulate of around 3 kilograms. It lived in Mendoza province Argentina during the early Eocene. It was a digitigrade mammal with brachyodont and lophobunodont teeth. It had a generalized way of locomotion that means it could move easily in any terrain but probably it preferred the safety of the forest trees where it lived. Although being an ungulate Allalmeia had claws as the oldest mammals.
 Amata distorta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. The type location is listed as J.Pulo Bisa bei Obi.
 Meiacanthus geminatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean where it is known from Darvel Bay Borneo and Palawan Philippines. This species grows to a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 Falcuna libyssa the Common Marble is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Angola. The habitat consists of primary and secondary forests with a canopy.Adults of both sexes feed at extrafloral nectaries of Marantaceae and other creepers.
 The Rufous-webbed Brilliant (Heliodoxa branickii) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Black-collared Swallow (Atticora melanoleuca) is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Xenotosuchus is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl within the family Mastodonsauridae. The genus is based on a skull originally described as Parotosuchu an animal which it resembled in general build and habit.
 Peneothello is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae family.
 Lanceacheyla whartoni is a species of mite in a monotypic genus in the family Cheyletidae.
 Mesocondyla is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Talapoins /ˈtæləpɔɪnz/ are the two species of Old World monkeys classified in genus Miopithecus. They live in central Africa and their range extends from Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to Angola.With a typical length of 32 to 45 cm and a weight of approximately 1.3 kg (males) and 0.8 kg (females) the talapoins are the smallest Old World monkeys. Their fur is grey green on top and colored whitish on their underside much like the vervet monkeys.
 Xylophanes dolius is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador and Bolivia.The wingspan is about 70 mm for males. Females are larger. It is similar to Xylophanes hydrata in forewing shape but the ground colour is brown and there are differences in pattern. The abdomen is without basal lateral patches.
 Micratopus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Micratopus aenescens (Leconte 1848) Micratopus exiguus (R.Sahlberg 1844) Micratopus insularis Darlington 1934 Micratopus parviceps Darlington 1934 Micratopus withycombei Jeannel 1932↑
 Vexillum semifasciatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Oenothalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mordellistena leporina is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1862 by John Lawrence LeConte.
 Chiroderma is a genus of leaf-nosed bat found in Central America South America and the Lesser Antilles.
 Castronia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Paraptila pseudogamma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in El Salvador.The length of the forewings is 6 mm for males and 8.5 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown with scattered red-copper scales in the basal area followed by a slate grey area with dark brown striae. There is a silver-white patch bordering the costa and a dark brown band bordering the costal patch basally.
 Josia ligata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Larvae have been recorded on Passiflora mollissima.
 Grauer's Warbler (Graueria vittata) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The name commemorates the German zoologist Rudolf Grauer who collected natural history specimens in the Belgian Congo.
 The Kisenyi forest tree frog Leptopelis kivuensis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Conus rawaiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Aluaca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Arcinella is a genus of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae.
 Felimare villafranca is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Loryma itremoalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Loryma. It was described by Patrice Leraut in 2009 and is known from Madagascar.
 Austrophorocera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Amata phaeozona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1912. It is found in Tanzania.
 Eupithecia fujisana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Kuriles and in Japan.
 Diacrita plana is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Diacrita of the family Tephritidae.
 Atelopus subornatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudotomoxia trilineata is a species of beetle in the Pseudotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1936 by Eugene Ray.
 Pyramidelloides baculumpastoris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Pyramidelloides.
 The bicolored frog (Clinotarsus curtipes) is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats of India. This frog has a very toad like disposition. The tadpoles of the species are black and form dense and compact schools in slow moving streams in forested areas.
 Chlidonoptera werneri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Chlidonoptera in the order Mantodea.
 Pygaerinae is a subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae the silver prominents and relatives. The genus list is preliminary as not all Notodontidae have been assigned to subfamilies yet.
 Orthaga roseiplaga is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in India.
 Phragmataecia fuscifusa is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
 Indicator is a genus of near passerine birds in the honeyguide family. The name refers to the behaviour of some species notably the Greater Honeyguide which guide large mammals such as ratels and humans to bee colonies so that they can share in the spoils of wax and insects when the nest is broken into.Indicator honeyguides are brood parasites which lay eggs in a nest of another species in a series of about five during five to seven days.
 Amphipteryx is a genus of damselflies in the family Amphipterygidae. They are commonly known as Relict Damsels.The genus contains the following species:Amphipteryx agrioides Selys 1853 - Montane Relict DamselAmphipteryx chiapensis González 2010Amphipteryx meridionalis González 2010Amphipteryx nataliae González 2010↑ ↑
 Pyrenecosa pyrenaea is a wolf spider species found in France.
 Acartia omorii is a species of marine copepod belonging to the family Acartiidae. This species was discovered when specimens previously identified as Acartia clausi were examined and found to belong to a separate species. This species is found around the coast of Japan. It is similar to A. clausi but lacks the prominent spines on the dorsal part of the posterior body segment (metasome).
 Conus miliaris common name the thousand-spot cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There is one subspecies:Conus miliaris pascuensis Rehder H.A. 1980
 Domeykos is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Oxfordian stage of the Late Jurassic epoch.
 The ring-tailed lemur (Lemur catta) is a large strepsirrhine primate and the most recognized lemur due to its long black and white ringed tail. It belongs to Lemuridae one of five lemur families and is the only member of the Lemur genus. Like all lemurs it is endemic to the island of Madagascar. Known locally in Malagasy as maky ([makʲ]  spelled maki in French) or hira it inhabits gallery forests to spiny scrub in the southern regions of the island.
 Byronosaurus is a genus of troodontid dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous Period.
 Ctenomeristis is a genus of small moths belonging to the snout moth family (Pyralidae). They are part of the tribe Phycitini within the huge snout moth subfamily Phycitinae.Moths of this genus can usually be distinguished from related moths by their forewing veins. They have 11 veins with vein 7 missing altogether and veins 4 and 5 as well as 8 9 and 10 being connected proximally.
 Jocara is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1863.
 Ulochlaena hirta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-eastern Europe and the Mediterranean region east through Turkey Iran and the Kopet Dag mountains to the southern Ural.Adults are sexually dimorphic. Males have a wingspan of 21–35 mm. Females have reduced wings. Adults are on wing from mid October to the end of December in one generation per year.The larvae feed on the roots of various grasses. Pupation takes place underground. The species overwinters as an egg.
 Peltopleuridae were an extinct family of prehistoric bony fish. It is classified with the order Peltopleuriformes.
 The Hersilia (or Long-spinnered Bark Spiders) are a genus of tree trunk spiders in the Hersiliidae family. They are sometimes known as Two-tailed spiders due to their greatly enlarged spinnerets.Males grow up to 8 mm long and females up to 10 mm. They can be found on tree trunks in gardens or jungle fringes in Africa Asia and Australasia.
 Scopula deflavaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Indonesia (Tenimber Bali Java Sumatra Timor and Sulawesi).
 Jiangjunosaurus is a genus of stegosaurid dinosaur from the Oxfordian-age (Upper Jurassic) Shishugou Formation of the Junggar Basin Xinjiang China. Remains including the lower jaw some skull bones eleven articulated neck vertebrae and two plates are known. The type species J. junggarensis was described by Chengkai et al.. in 2007. Jiangjunosaurus reached around 6 m (20 ft) in length and may have been a prey item for Yangchuanosaurus.
 Mordella mexicana is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Pseudamnicola melitensis is a species of small brackish watersnails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Malta.
 Orthozancla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dimidiochromis dimidiatus the Ncheni Haplo (short for haplochromine) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It was formerly placed in the genus Haplochromis and known as Ncheni-type Haplochromis in the aquarium fish trade.It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Amerila kuehni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Indonesia (Damar).
 Halocaridina is a genus of atyid shrimp. It contains two species – Halocaridina rubra and Halocaridina palahemo – both endemic to Hawaii. H. rubra is widely kept in aquaria.
 Nerodia erythrogaster commonly known as the plain-bellied water snake or plainbelly water snake is a familiar species of mostly aquatic nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the United States.
 Lottia fenestrata is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Eleutherodactylus inusitatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Telipna albofasciata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Republic of Congo Gabon Angola the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Sudan.
 The Pipa snethlageae or Utinga Surinam Toad is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Peru and possibly Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xylormisa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gyroptychius is an extinct genus of coelacanthiform lobe-finned fish from the Devonian period.Gyroptychius was a fast riverine predator with an elongated body about 30 centimetres (12 in) long. As its eyes were relatively small it is presumed to have hunted by smell rather than sight. Gyroptychius had short jaws which gave it a powerful bite. All its fins except the pectorals were moved to the back to the body increasing the power of the tail while swimming.
 Isodictyidae is a family of marine demosponges.
 Ancilla lineolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Abantis bismarcki Bismarck’s Paradise Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Ivory Coast Ghana Togo northern Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo southern Sudan Uganda and western Kenya. The habitat consists of the transition zone between dry forests and Guinea savanna.
 Udea pyranthes is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Vactinium calycinum Vactinium penduliflorum and Vactinium penduliflorum gemmaceum. The caterpillar has a pale brown head checkered with darker brown.
 Thursius is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 The Dotted Graylet (Hyperstrotia pervertens) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in woodlands and forests from Missouri to Nova Scotia south to Florida and Texas. It is found in New Brunswick Nova Scotia Quebec and Ontario in Canada. In the United States it has been recorded from Massachusetts Iowa New York and South Carolina.The wingspan is about 16 mm. There is one principal generation.The larvae feed on beech and oak.
 Scaphydra is a genus of beetles in the family Hydroscaphidae containing the following species: Scaphydra angra (Reichardt 1971) Scaphydra hintoni (Reichardt 1971) Scaphydra pygmaea (Reichardt 1971)↑
 Zela is a genus of grass skippers.
 Scutalus phaeocheilus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.
 Urophora trivirgulata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Polyommatus abdon is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Aistleitner in 1994. It is found in Spain.
 Stigmella semiaurea is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan and Tadzhikistan.The larvae feed on Acer species.
 Sciopsyche is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Menesiniella is a genus of the barnacle family Balanidae that includes the following species:Menesiniella advena Zullo 1992Menesiniella aquila (Pilsbry 1907)Menesiniella regalis (Pilsbry 1916)↑
 Damon diadema is a species of arachnid sometimes known as the tailless whip scorpion. It is found in Central Africa Kenya and Tanzania where it lives in caves and crevices and under fallen logs. The animal is 4–28 mm (0.16–1.10 in) long with a flat body. It is known as a tailless whipscorpion because of the long whip-legs that are the majority of its body width. Its legspan is about 20 cm (7.9 in).
 Crambus palustrellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France.The wingspan is 17–18 mm.
 Coleophora macrura is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on the fruit of Arbuscula arbuscula. They create a silky case consisting of five to six cylindrical sections. The valve is three-sided. The length of the case is 6-6.5 mm and the color is chocolate-brown to yellow although individual sections may be much darker than others. The initial stage of the construction of the case consists of two fruits glued together.
 Corticomis marmorea is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It was described by Van Eecke in 1924. It is found in New Guinea.
 Nyceryx nephus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil.The forewing and hindwing upperside is similar to Nyceryx alophus alophus but the marginal band on the hindwing upperside is broader and has traces of brown spots.Adults are probably on wing year round.
 Heliosia atriplaga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found on the Loyalty Islands.
 Metalectra is a genus of moths formerly of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g.).
 Cyana nyasica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in Malawi.
 The rufous rat-kangaroo (Aepyprymnus rufescens) also known as the rufous bettong is a small marsupial species of the family Potoroidae found in Australia. It is found in coastal and subcoastal regions from Newcastle in New South Wales to Cooktown in Queensland and was formerly found in the Murray River Valley of New South Wales and Victoria. It is not classified as threatened.
 The Venezuelan Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys venezuelae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 Mordellistena variegata (also known as tumbling flower beetle) is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1798.
 Opharus linus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Mexico.
 Iranada turcorum is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Syria Lebanon Israel Jordan Egypt Iraq Oman and south-western Iran.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from March to April.
 Somalibelus is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Lisboasaurus is a small (400 mm length) genus of Mesozoic crocodylomorph that lived in fresh water. It is known from fossilized tooth and jaw fragments of Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous age. Two species have been described. In the past Lisboasaurus has been interpreted as a Mid Jurassic avialan troodontid or an anguimorph lizard.
 Mordellistena atrocincta is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1925 by Píc.
 Kurtzia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
 Euphyciodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Peru poison frog (Ameerega petersi; formerly Epipedobates petersi) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family found in Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Clavelinidae is a family of tunicates in the order Enterogona. It describes a group of marine animals.
 Hypsiboas liliae is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is endemic to Guyana.
 Calymmaderus amoenus is a species of beetles in the genus Calymmaderus of the family Anobiidae.
 Zebina maxima is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Leptotyphlops koppesi or the Amaral's blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Ecsenius randalli is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found the western central Pacific ocean around Indonesia. It can reach a maximum length of 2 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 Oonopinus ionicus is a spider species found in Greece.
 Eumetopiella rufipes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Eumetopiella of the family Tephritidae.
 Cahenia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Eois albosignata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The alpine chipmunk (Tamias alpinus) is a species of chipmunk native to the high elevations of the Sierra Nevada of California.
 Divine Park (foaled March 20 2004 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the 2008 edition of the grade one Metropolitan Handicap as well as two other graded stakes races: the 2007 Withers Stakes (gr. III) and the 2007 Westchester Handicap (also gr. III).Divine Park was sold as a yearling in 2005 at the Keeneland September Auction where he was purchased for owner James Barry by Charles Simon agent for $20000.Divine Park was retired October 28 2008 to Brereton C.
 Leucanopsis perdita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Davara rufulella is a species of snout moths in the genus Davara. It was described by Ragonot in 1889 and is known from Puerto Rico.
 Athleta semirugata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Farlowella vittata is a species of armored catfish native to the Orinoco River basin of Colombia and Venezuela. This species grows to a length of 22.5 centimetres (8.9 in) SL.
 Granulina occulta is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Mordellistena oraniensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1900.
 Mordellistena quinquenotata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Champion in 1927.
 Stigmatophora confusa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1951. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Diodora fragilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Eumetopina flavipes the island sugarcane planthopper is a species of planthopper present throughout South East Asia. E. flavipes is a vector for Ramu stunt disease a plant disease which affects sugarcane. Ramu stunt disease is widespread throughout Papua New Guinea but has not been detected in Australia.Eumetopina is thought to have evolved in Papua New Guinea where up to four undescribed species have been collected but many more may be present. In Papua New Guinea E.
 Nemestrinidae or tangle-veined flies is a family of flies in the superfamily Nemestrinoidea closely related to Acroceridae. The family is small but distributed worldwide with about 300 species in 34 genera. Larvae are endoparasitoids of either grasshoppers (Trichopsideinae) or scarab beetles (Hirmoneurinae). Some are considered important in the control of grasshopper populations. Adults are often observed on flowers.
 Painted Mock Viper (Psammodynastes pictus) is a species of snake.Type found in Borneo and India. Its distribution is: Indonesia (Kalimantan/Borneo Riau Archipelago Simeulue Sumatra);Brunei Darussalam; Pulau Bangka Pulau Belitung Malaysia (Malaya and East Malaysia); Singapore.
 The Spintheridae are a family of invertebrates with a single genus Spinther  containing these species: Spinther alaskensis Hartman 1948 Spinther arcticus (M. Sars 1851) Spinther citrinus (Stimpson 1854) Spinther japonicus Imajima and Hartman 1964 Spinther miniaceus Spinther oniscoides Johnston 1845 Spinther wireni Hartman 1948
 Antiplanes habei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Cerithium egenum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Santa Marta Foliage-gleaner (Automolus rufipectus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is endemic to Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in Colombia. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the Ruddy Foliage-gleaner. Evidence suggests that it possibly should be moved to the genus Hylocryptus.
 Abronia mitchelli is an arboreal alligator lizard described in 1982 by Campbell.
 Gobiopsis atrata the New Zealand black goby is a species of goby endemic to the marine waters around northern New Zealand where it occurs in tide pools and on reefs down to depths of about 30 metres (98 ft). It lives in narrow crevices and is most commonly seen with its head poking out of its lair to which it will hastily retreat if disturbed. This species can reach a length of 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) TL.
 Suphrodytes dorsalis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Suphrodytes.
 Abraxas sinopicaria is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Wehrli in 1934. It is known from Sichuan in China.
 Lophocampa annulosa the Santa Ana Tussock Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in southern Texas southern Arizona Mexico Costa Rica Ecuador Venezuela Peru Surinam Brazil Argentina and Trinidad.Adults are tan with chainlike light brown markings and a brown line with a small white dot.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Aegiphila falcata.
 Bronislavia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Bronislavia kryzhanovskii Mikhailov 1970 Bronislavia lopatini Mikhailov 1970 Bronislavia robusta Semenov 1891↑
 Lemmings are small rodents usually found in or near the Arctic in tundra biomes. They are subniveal animals and together with voles and muskrats they make up the subfamily Arvicolinae (also known as Microtinae) which forms part of the largest mammal radiation by far the superfamily Muroidea which also includes rats mice hamsters and gerbils.
 Oxynoemacheilus namiri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Pseudohelenoconcha spurca is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.This species was found only in Saint Helena (an island in the middle of the south Atlantic). This species is now considered to be extinct.
 Loxophlebia egregia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Chamula mountain brook frog Duellmanohyla chamulae is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pediasia jucundellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Balkan Peninsula and in Ukraine Russia and Central Asia.
 The lesser striped shrew (Sorex bedfordiae) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in China Myanmar and Nepal.
 Idunella sketi is a species of crustacean in family Liljeborgiidae. It is endemic to Bermuda.
 Arca noae or the Noah's Ark shell is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Arcidae. It is found in the Mediterranean Sea and the Adriatic Sea from low tide mark to a depth of 60 metres (200 ft).
 Ittibittium parcum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Hemiargus hanno is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Surinam Colombia and on Cuba the Netherlands Antilles Puerto Rico and Hispaniola.
 Acantholycosa logunovi is a species of wolf spider only known from the Altai Mountains in Russia.This species has a body length of up to 9.5 mm. The male is dark brown and covered with whitish hairs. The female is brown with a pale stripe down the middle of the carapace and a pattern of pale rings and spots on the legs.
 Uropeltis arcticeps commonly known as the Madurai earth snake or the Tinevelly Uropeltis is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae. It is endemic to India.
 Ecsenius tessera is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean around Vanuatu. It can reach a maximum length of 4.5 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 Euploea goudotii is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on La Reunion.
 Physocrotaphus ceylonicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Physocrotaphus.
 Larinus minutus is a species of true weevil known as the lesser knapweed flower weevil. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against noxious knapweeds especially diffuse knapweed (Centaurea diffusa) and spotted knapweed.The adult weevil is dark mottled brown with a long snout. It is 4 or 5 millimeters long in total. It is active throughout the summer with a 14-week maximum adult lifespan. During this time the female lays up to 130 eggs depositing them in the knapweed flower head.
 Adoxophyes cyrtosema is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Tonga and the New Hebrides.
 The Mexican burrowing caecilian (Dermophis mexicanus) is a species of limbless amphibian in the family Dermophiidae. It is found in Mexico and Central America where it burrows under leaf litter and plant debris.
 Percnia luridaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Aulacosphinctes is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod that lived during the Late Jurassic and had a wide spread distribution.The shell is compressed covered by strong distinct widely bifurcating ribs some simple none with tubercles; the venter marked by a deep and persistent groove; lappets rather long. Based on the style of ribbing Aulacosphinctes is included in the Himalayitinae but could be placed in the Beriasellinae.
 Cacatua is a subgenus of the white cockatoos (genus Cacatua). They are found in wooded habitats from Wallacea east to the Bismarck Archipelago and south to Australia. With the exception of the Yellow-crested Cockatoo all are relatively large cockatoos with a total length of 45–55 cm (18–22 in). Their plumage is mainly white (tinged pinkish in the Salmon-crested Cockatoo) and the underwing and -tail have a yellowish tinge. Their crest is expressive and brightly coloured in most species.
 Dactylanthias is a small genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae). It includes only two species from Ambon Island Indonesia and the Tuamotus French Polynesia.
 Leptostylus decipiens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 Steganacaridae is a family of mites in the order Oribatida.
 Hypotrix hueco is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known only from south-eastern Arizona.The length of the forewings is 14-16 mm. Adults are on wing from mid-June to mid-August.
 Homonotus sanguinolentus the Bloody Spider-hunting Wasp is a European species of Pompilid wasp.
 Trichorhina mulaiki is a species of woodlouse in the family Platyarthridae.
 The Indian Blue Robin (Luscinia brunnea) is a small bird found in South Asia. Formerly considered a thrush it is now considered one of the Old World flycatchers in the family Muscicapidae. It was earlier also called the Indian Blue Chat. It is migratory breeding in the forests along the Himalayas of Nepal India and Myanmar. They winter in the hill forests of the Western Ghats of India and in Sri Lanka.
 Leucoctenorrhoe is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family. It consists of only one species Leucoctenorrhoe quadrilinea which is found in Peru.
 Fuchsina is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Fuchsina arida Andrews 1976 Fuchsina occulta Fall 1899↑
 Chrysolina cerealis the rainbow leaf beetle or Snowdon beetle is a brightly coloured Eurasian leaf beetle. It is found in montane grassland from Norway to northern Italy and from Ussuri in the east to Snowdonia (Wales) in the west. It lives on base-rich screes and lays its eggs on grasses such as Agrostis capillaris and Festuca ovina although it mostly feeds on the wild thyme Thymus polytrichus preferring the flowers to the leaves. The beetle is 5.5–10 millimetres (0.22–0.39 in) long.
 The Chestnut-coloured Carpet or Durham Juniper Moth (Thera cognata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Europe Asia Minor the Caucasus and Transcaucasus.The wingspan is 26–30 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August in one generation.The larvae feed on Juniperus species.
 Neopaschia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Janse in 1922.
 The toothed leaf chameleon Brookesia dentata is a species of chameleons endemic to northwestern Madagascar. It was first described by Mocquard in 1900: 345 and has been described numerous times since then most recently by Townsend et al. in 2009. It is affected by the collection of charcoal forest fires and the grazing of cattle.
 Opsaridium microcephalum is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.
 The Paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine Sphiggurus spinosus is a South American porcupine species from the family Erethizontidae. It is found in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. They have a short tail and gray brown quills and feed on fruits ant pupae vegetables and roots.
 Bellaspira brunnescens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Charaxes cynthia the Western Red Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Angola Sudan Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia.
 The bird family Phalacrocoracidae or the cormorants /ˈkɔrmərənts/ is represented by some 40 species of cormorants and shags. Several different classifications of the family have been proposed recently and the number of genera is disputed.
 Melanoptilia nigra is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Ecuador.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing in September and December.
 Diplozoon paradoxum is a flatworm from the class Monogenea found in freshwater fishes in Asia and Europe and known for its complete monogamy. This parasite is commonly found on the gills of European cyprinid fishes. It is usually around 0.7 centimeters long (approximately the size of a fingernail) and has bilateral symmetry. It is a platyhemith and has several hooks at its mouth which it uses to grab on to the gills of a fish.
 Macrourus berglax the roughhead grenadier or onion-eye grenadier is a species of marine ray-finned fish in the family Macrouridae. It is a deep-water fish found in the Atlantic Ocean.
 The marbled parrotfish or seagrass parrotfish (Leptoscarus vaigiensis) is a species of parrotfish the only member of the genus Leptoscarus. It is found in coastal regions with seagrass ranging from the Red Sea in west to Easter Island in east and Japan in north to New Zealand and South Africa in south. Its distribution is largely antiequatorial (i.e. found in both the Southern and Northern Hemispheres but rare or absent near the Equator).
 Triphora is a genus of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Triphoridae. The genus was named by Blainville in 1828 and the type species is Triphora gemmata Blainville 1828. Like most of the other genera in this family the shells of species in this genus are extremely high-spired with sculptural decoration and are sinistral (left-handed) in coiling.There are well over 100 species in this genus.
 Hypargos is a genus of estrildid finch from the family Estrildidae. The two species are found in sub-Saharan Africa and are among the twinspots: Red-throated Twinspot Hypargos niveoguttatus Pink-throated Twinspot Hypargos margaritatus
 This page is about the insect. For the Symbolia cartoon symbols see The Lexicon of Comicana.Symbolia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Liotyphlops wilderi is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 The Lake Duck (Oxyura vittata) is a small South American stiff-tailed duck.
 The Bordered Sallow (Pyrrhia umbra) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in all of Europe east through Anatolia to Iran Afghanistan Pakistan and Nepal and through central Asia to Japan. In the mountains it is found up to heights of 1600 meters.The wingspan is 27–35 mm. The length of the forewings is 16–19 mm.
 Leptosia nupta the Immaculate Wood White Petite Wood White or Immaculate Spirit is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda Kenya Tanzania Zambia Zimbabwe and on Madagascar. The habitat consists of wet primary forest.The larvae feed on Capparis species and Rorippa madagascariensis.
 Batrachedra hypoxutha is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Eucapperia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Tanaocheles is a genus of crabs the only genus in the family Tanaocheleidae. It contains two species T. bidentata and T. stenochilus. The two species were formerly placed in different families and they were only shown to be related and placed in a new subfamily (now elevated to the taxonomic rank of family) in 2000.
 Pareclectis mimetis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Mozambique.
 Chiasmocleis is a genus of microhylid frogs. They are found in tropical South America (north and east of the Andes) as well as in southern Central America in Panama. Their common name is humming frogs.The genus as defined earlier was found to be polyphyletic. To remedy this some species have been transferred to Elachistocleis and Syncope.
 Xyrospondylus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 The Colombian wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys melanosterna) is a species of turtle belonging to the Rhinoclemmys genus of the family Geoemydidae found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.
 Ornarantia contubernalis is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1877.
 Acartia ensifera is a species of marine copepod belonging to the family Acartiidae. This is a slender copepod around 0.8–0.9 mm (0.031–0.035 in) in length with distinctively long caudal rami. It is found around the coasts of New Zealand.
 Oxyothespis bifurcata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 Arthaberites is a ceratitid cephalopod included in the Noritidaethat lived during the Middle Triassic found in the Alps and Balkans of Europe. Its type is A. alexandraeArthaberites has an involute compressed discoidal shell with a narrow flatted venter or outer rim.
 Nipponosynuchus abnormalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Nipponosynuchus.
 Orthaga hemileuca is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Hampson in 1916. It is found in New Guinea.
 Biclonuncaria alota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Otitoma lirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Chrysallida fenestrata is an ectoparasitic species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Insulamon palawanense is species of freshwater crab from the Philippines described in 2012. They are 2.5–5.3 centimetres (1.0–2.1 in) wide and are a striking purple colour.
 Chrysocercops squamosa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Johor and Pahang).The wingspan is 5-6.2 mm.The larvae feed on Vatica pallida and Vatica pauciflora. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a linear gallery occurring on the lower surface of the leaves. Later it changes into an interparenchymal blotch usually lying along the leaf-margin. The mining part of leaf is discoloured into brown sometimes into dark brown in matured condition.
 Pseudoperichaeta is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Mendesina carinithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Mendesina.
 Hemieleotris is a genus of sleeper gobies native to Central and South America where they are only found in freshwater habitats.
 Zorotypus impolitus is an insect belonging to order Zoraptera commonly referred to as ground lice.
 Cranopsis porteri is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Onychoteuthis borealijaponica the boreal clubhook squid is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. It is the largest member of the genus Onychoteuthis reaching a mantle length of 30 cm in males and 37 cm in females. Maturity is reached at 250 mm for males and 300–350 mm in females. There are 24–27 hooks on each club. It is a pelagic species native to the North Pacific although it migrates into Subantarctic waters during the summer.
 Crassiclava is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Eupithecia dimidia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Armenia.
 Margarya yangtsunghaiensis is a species of large operculate freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae the river snails.
 Euprymna albatrossae is a species of bobtail squid native to the western Pacific Ocean off the Philippines and Japan. The depth range of E. albatrossae is unknown. The type specimens were collected using a nightlight.E. albatrossae grows to 24 mm (0.94 in) in mantle length.The type specimen was collected off the Philippines and is deposited at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington D.C..
 Parastremma is a genus of characins endemic to western Colombia. There are currently three species in this genus.
 The old world orioles (Oriolidae) are a family of Old World passerine birds.
 Tikoloshanes eretiformis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Tikoloshanes.
 Turbonilla blanchae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cosmopterix floridanella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in the United States (Florida Arkansas Mississippi Tennessee Louisiana Alabama) the Cayman Islands (Grand Cayman) Cuba Jamaica and the US Virgin Islands (St. Croix).Adults have been collected from April towards May in the United States and from December to May in Jamaica the Cayman Islands including the US Virgin Islands. There are at least two generations per year.
 Wilson's Spiny Mouse (Acomys wilsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas.
 Neilonellidae is a taxonomic family of small saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the order Nuculanoida.
 Schistura susannae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Limnophyes angelicae is a species of dark brown chironomid midge. It has been recorded in the British Isles Germany and European Russia and is assumed to be widespread in Europe.Unlike many Limnophyes species in which the larvae live in semiaquatic or damp terrestrial habitats the larvae of L. angelicae are fully aquatic living in shallow water at the margins of lakes.
 The pygmy bamboo bat Tylonycteris pygmaeus is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Southwest China. The species is around 4 cm long and weighs between 2.6 and 3.5 grammes.
 Idalus luteorosea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana Guyana and Venezuela.
 Abraxas interpunctata is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Warren in 1905. It is known from Sula Island.
 Cryphaeoides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia. It was described by Delo in 1935 and the type species is Cryphaeoides rostratus which originally described under the genus Cryphaeus by Kozlowski in 1923. It was described from the Sicasica Formation in Patacamaya.
 Ascothoracida is a small group of crustaceans comprising around 100 species. They are found throughout the world and are parasites on cnidarians and echinoderms.Ascothoracida was previously ranked as an order within the infraclass Cirripedia (barnacles) but now considered a separate infraclass. The two infraclasses together make up the subclass Thecostraca.The thorax has six pair of biramous appendages while the abdomen has four segments and a terminal telson with a caudal furca.
 Young Eclipse (1778 – c. 1803) was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1781 Epsom Derby. He raced until he was six years old winning seven races and retiring to stud in 1785. He was not a successful sire.
 Coleophora ignobilis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Tortyra aenescens is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Ecuador.
 Pterotopteryx tshatkalica is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Zagulajev in 1995. It is found in Uzbekistan.
 Pseudosinurus brunneus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Pseudosinurus.
 Huia is a group of true frogs found in Southeast Asia. Many are commonly known as torrent frogs after their favorite habitat - small rapid-flowing mountain and hill streams - but this name is used for many similar-looking frogs regardless of whether they are closely related.
 The Turkish hamster (Mesocricetus brandti) also referred to as Brandt’s hamster Azerbaijani hamster or avurtlak is a species of hamster native to Turkey Armenia and other surrounding nations.
 Phyllocnistis magnatella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Massachusetts U.S.A. It was named by P.C. Zeller in 1873.
 Eleutherodactylus taeniatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
 Callopistria bernei is a moth of the family Noctuidae. This species can be found on Réunion.
 Niphopyralis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family and only genus of the Wurthiinae subfamily.
 The Graceful Small-headed Sea Snake or Slender Sea Snake Microcephalophis gracilis is a species of sea snake.
 Alucita spicifera is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Alaena nyassa the Pied Zulu is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Tanzania Malawi Zambia Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of riverine woodland grassy places in savanna regions montane grassland with rocky outcrops forest margins heavy woodland and rocky streams.Adults have been recorded nearly year round except June and July.The larvae feed on algae (Cyanophyta) growing on rocks.
 Miltochrista punicea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1878. It is found in India (Sikkim) and Burma.
 Echidna catenata or the chain moray is a moray eel from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of 165 cm.
 Conus elokismenos is a species of sea snail a marinegastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Chrysochloroma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Glover's Silkmoth (Hyalophora gloveri) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountain states the western parts of the northern Great Plains and the Canadian prairie provinces north-west to at least central Alberta. It is also found in northern Mexico.It is considered a subspecies of Hyalophora columbia by several authorities.The wingspan is about 100 mm.The larvae feed on Shepherdia argentea Elaeagnus angustifolia Salix species etc.
 Macroseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Euastacus is a genus of freshwater crayfish known as spiny crayfish. They are found in the south-east of the Australian mainland along with another genus of crayfish Cherax. Both genera are members of the Parastacidae family a family of freshwater crayfish restricted to the Southern Hemisphere.Euastacus crayfish are distinguished from the smooth-shelled Cherax species by the short robust spikes on their claws and carapace and frequently their larger size.
 Inferuncus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 The Arabian wolf (Canis lupus arabs) is a subspecies of gray wolf which was once found throughout the Arabian Peninsula but now only lives in small pockets in Southern Israel Southern and western Iraq Oman Yemen Jordan Saudi Arabia and probably some parts of the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt.
 Scopula puerca is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Wattled Crane (Bugeranus carunculatus) is a large bird found in Africa south of the Sahara Desert. It is monotypical for its genus though some authorities place it with other crane species in the genus Grus as Grus carunculata.
 Himalayacetus is an extinct genus of carnivorous aquatic mammal of the family Ambulocetidae. The holotype was found in Himachal Pradesh India (31.0°N 77.0°E﻿ / 31.0; 77.0: paleocoordinates 3.5°N 69.7°E﻿ / 3.5; 69.7) in what was the remnants of the ancient Tethys Ocean during the Early Eocene (Ypresian) 55.8 to 48.6 million years ago.
 The black rat (Rattus rattus) is a common long-tailed rodent of the genus Rattus (rats) in the subfamily Murinae (murine rodents). The species originated in tropical Asia and spread through the Near East in Roman times before reaching Europe by the 1st century and spreading with Europeans across the world.
 Xyroptila masaia is a moth of the Pterophoridae family which is endemic to Kenya.
 Eulimella protofunis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Chloropaschia hollandalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Chloropaschia. It is found in South America.
 Mimasura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Squatina punctata is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae found in the southwest Atlantic from southern Brazil to Argentina at depths of from 10 to 80 m. Its length is up to 91 cm.Reproduction is ovoviviparous with 3 to 8 pups per litter.
 Myurella orientalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Amantis vitalisi is a species of praying mantis native to Vietnam.
 Loxophlebia postflavia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in French Guiana.
 Claire's mouse lemur (Microcebus mamiratra) or Nosy Be mouse lemur is a newly described species of lemur from the genus of the mouse lemurs (Microcebus). It lives on the island Nosy Bé in the Antsiranana province of Madagascar and on the mainland near the village of Manehoka including Lokobe Reserve. The scientific type name mamiratra comes from Malagasy and means clear and bright; this refers the Theodore F. and Claire M.
 The spiny-flanked chameleon Trioceros laterispinis is a species of chameleon endemic to the United Republic of Tanzania East Africa. It was first described in 1932 by Arthur Loveridge.
 Laelapsella is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The long-tailed brush lizard Urosaurus graciosus occurs in the Mojave and northwestern Sonoran Deserts in the states of California Arizona Nevada Sonora and Baja California. This species received its common name due to its tail which is more than twice the body length and since it is almost always encountered on a tree or shrub. Its gray or tan coloration keep it well camouflaged against branches while it waits for insects.
 Choristoneura albaniana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. In North America it is found from Alaska to Newfoundland south through the mountains to California Maine and New Hampshire. It is also found in the northern parts of the Palaearctic region where it has been recorded from Sweden Finland Russia (from the Ural to Trans-Baikal and Amur and along the taiga zone in the Siberian region).
 The Flammulated Flycatcher (Deltarhynchus flammulatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family and is the only species in the monotypic genus Deltarhynchus although it is closely related to the birds of the genus Myiarchus. It is endemic to the dry deciduous forest arid thorn forest and scrubby woodland of Mexico’s Pacific coast. The flycatcher is an olive to gray-brown bird with a streaked pale gray chest white throat black bill dark gray feet and dark brown wings.
 Haemactis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Zodarion machadoi is a spider species found in Portugal Spain and the Azores.
 Hemicycla inutilis is a species of gastropod in the Helicidae family. It is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Klapperichimorda is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Klapperichimorda kodadai Horák 1996 Klapperichimorda lutevittata Fan & Yang 1995 Klapperichimorda quadrimaculata Ermisch 1968↑
 Polylophota barbarossa is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.It has a wingspan of 38mm.
 The Dirphia Skipper (Motasingha dirphia) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Western Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Xenophysa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pericyma vinsonii is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Mauritius La Réunion and Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 34 mm for the males and 41 mm for the females. Their larvae are commonly found on Delonix regia a Fabaceae but most probably they are polyphage as the adults can also be found up to altitudes of 1000m were this plant isn't found.
 Endothiodontia is a clade of dicynodont therapsids that includes the family Endothiodontidae and possibly the family Eumantellidae.
 Trachysida is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Trachysida aspera (LeConte 1873) Trachysida mutabilis (Newman 1841)↑
 Chlanificula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Euryglottis johannes is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela.
 Zacatrophon beebei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Choaspes furcata commonly known as the Hooked Awlking is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 Divercala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Malgassoclanis delicatus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.The males of this species have a wingspan of 45–55 mm and the females of 60-70mm. The basic colour of their forewings is greyish brown or brownish the hidewings are orange with external border in grey or brown. The abdomen and thorax are grey or brownish.
 Cladenia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Paramordellana is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Paramordellana carinata (Smith 1883) Paramordellana ruficauda (Maeklin 1875) Paramordellana triloba (Say 1824)↑
 Argyresthia kasyi is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia.
 Mamenchisauridae is a family of sauropod dinosaurs. The family was first named by Chinese paleontologists C.C. Young and X. Zhao in 1972 in a paper describing Mamenchisaurus. Other mamenchisaurids may include Bellusaurus Chuanjiesaurus Eomamenchisaurus Hudiesaurus Tienshanosaurus Omeisaurus and Tonganosaurus. Fossils of Mamenchisaurus and Omeisaurus have been found in the Shangshaximiao Formation dating to the Oxfordian stage around 161.2-155.7 Ma (million years ago).
 The Shorthead snake-eel (Ophichthus marginatus) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Wilhelm Peters in 1855.
 Meyrick's Banana Hedyleptan Moth (Omiodes meyrickii) is a species of moth in the Pyralidae family. It is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi.The larvae feed on banana. Young larvae feed gregariously on the under surface of a banana leaf along the side of the midrib. They spin a slight web for mutual protection being covered by this and their excrement which is caught and retained by the web.
 Dendronephthya is a genus of soft corals in the family Nephtheidae. There are over 250 described species in this genus.
 Eosia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Craugastor loki is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.It is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dascyllus auripinnis is a Damselfish from the Eastern Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 11.5cm in length.
 The Blue-winged Warbler (Vermivora cyanoptera) is a fairly common New World warbler 11.5 cm (4.5 in) long and weighing 8.5 g (0.30 oz). It breeds in eastern North America in southern Ontario and the eastern USA. Its range is extending northwards where it is replacing the very closely related Golden-winged Warbler Vermivora chrysoptera.
 Rhynchophorus is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Curculionidae. Palm weevils of the genus Rhynchophorus are major pests of coconut palms throughout the tropics.
 Clathrodrillia walteri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Eobarbourula delfinoi is an extinct toad which existed in what is now Gujarat India during the Middle Ypresian age of the early Eocene. It was described by Annelise Folie Rajendra S. Rana Kenneth D. Rose Ashok Sahni Kishor Kumar Lachham Singh and Thierry Smith in 2012 and is the only species in the genus Eobarbourula.
 Cyanogaster noctivaga is a species of characin native to the Rio Negro Brazil. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The African Openbill (Anastomus lamelligerus) is a species of stork in the Ciconiidae family.
 The Lilian's Lovebird (Agapornis lilianae) also known as Nyasa Lovebird is a small African parrot species of the lovebird genus. It is mainly green and has orange on its upper chest and head. It is 13 cm (5 inches) long and is the smallest parrot on mainland Africa. In captivity it is uncommon and difficult to breed.
 Crassispira bittium is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Amphilophus chancho is a large cichlid fish endemic to the Lake Apoyo Nicaragua.The six species found in Lake Apoyo show morphological differences[1].Multiple species of this group have been identified and verified by genomic and mitochondrial DNA evidence in volcanic crater lakes Apoyo (see Apoyo Lagoon Natural Reserve)[2] and Xiloa. The genetic evidence from Apoyo supports a hypothesis that the six known species of the lake evolved via sympatric speciation.
 The Philippine Forest Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros obscurus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Chlidonoptera is a genus of praying mantis in the family Acromantinae.
 The ursine howler (Alouatta arctoidea) is a species of howler monkey native to Venezuela and possibly Colombia. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Venezuelan red howler and classified as Alouatta seniculus arctoidea.
 Eleutherodactylus ricordii is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Philautus amoenus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Molgula oculata commonly known as the sea grape is a species of solitary tunicate in the family Molgulidae. It is native to the north eastern Atlantic Ocean and the North Sea. The specific name oculata means tailed and refers to the larva which has a long tail.
 Griveaudia nigropuncta is a species of moth of the Callidulidae family. It is found in Asia.
 Barbaloba is a genus of moths in the Blastobasidae family.
 Herminia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It was treated as a synonym for Polypogon for some time.
 The white-tailed dunnart (Sminthopsis granulipes) also known as the ash-grey dunnart is a dunnart native to Australia. It has an average body length of 126–168 mm (5.0–6.6 in) a snout to anus length of 70-100 mm a tail measurement of 56-68 mm and a weight which varies between 18 and 35 grams (0.6 and 1.2 oz). The tail is often swollen at the base with brown near anus to white at the tip.
 Anostoma deshayesianum is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
 Cistothorus is a genus of birds in the Troglodytidae family. It contains the following species: Apolinar's Wren Cistothorus apolinari Mérida Wren Cistothorus meridae Marsh Wren or Long-billed Marsh Wren Cistothorus palustris Sedge Wren Short-billed Marsh Wren or Grass Wren Cistothorus platensis↑
 The Roseate Tern (Sterna dougallii) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae.
 Eois pseudobada is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Rhigosaurus is a genus of therocephalian therapsid.
 Leucania palaestinae is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Algeria to Egypt Sicily Cyprus Greece Turkey Israel Syria Jordan the Sinai in Egypt Iran Iraq and Turkmenistan.Adults are on wing from April to June and from October to December. There are two generation per year.The larvae feed on Arundo phraguntes and Gramineae species in Europe.
 Calliclinus nudiventris is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific coast of Chile.
 The Small Leopard Phalanta alcippe is a butterfly of the Nymphalid or Brush-footed Butterfly family found in Asia.
 Rhagoletis zephyria is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Smodicini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Marupiara Marupiara castanea Martins & Galileo 2006 Genus Metaphrenon Metaphrenon impressicolle (Lacordaire 1869) Metaphrenon lucidum (Olivier 1795) Genus Nesosmodicum Nesosmodicum gracile (Melzer 1923) Genus Smodicum Smodicum angusticolle Aurivillius 1919 Smodicum brunneum Thomson 1878 Smodicum clancularium Martins 1975 Smodicum confusum Martins 1985 Smodicum cucujiforme (Say 1826) Smodicum depressum Thomson 1878 Smodicum dinellii Bruch 1911 Smodicum longicorne Martins 1975 Smodicum pacificum Linsley 1934 Smodicum parandroides Bates 1884 Smodicum recticolle Martins 1975 Smodicum semipubescens Gounelle 1911 Smodicum texanum Knull 1966 Smodicum torticolle Martins 1975↑
 Longipenis is a genus of moths in the Lecithoceridae family.
 Marcelina mera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Melanella amabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Hephthocara is a genus of viviparous brotula.
 Periptychidae is a family of Paleocene placental mammals known definitively only from North America. The family is part of a radiation of early herbivorous and omnivorous mammals classified in the extinct order Condylarthra which may be related to some or all living ungulates (hoofed mammals). Periptychids are distinguished from other condylarths by their teeth which have swollen premolars and unusual vertical enamel ridges.
 Soletellina is a genus of bivalve molluscs in the family Psammobiidae known as sunset shells.
 Marginella virgula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Leucanopsis cuneipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Teracotona postalbida is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Common names: Darevsky's viper.Vipera darevskii is a small venomous viper species endemic to northwestern Armenia northeastern Turkey and possibly also adjacent southern Georgia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Allodapula is a genus of bees in the family Apidae subfamily Xylocopinae. They are similar in appearance around 7mm in length with swarthy head and thorax contrasting with the brown abdomen. After the removal of a number of former species into other genera the genus as presently defined occurs only in Africa.
 Olceclostera ibar is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Argentina.The wingspan is about 29 mm. The forewings are light drab suffused with light greyish olive. The hindwings are light cinnamon drab.
 Ciconia maltha also known as the La Brea stork is an extinct stork from the Late Pliocene – Late Pleistocene of W and S USA and Cuba. It has been found in the La Brea Tar Pits.
 Gyroscala lamellosa common name : the lamellose wentletrap is a species of medium-sized predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae the wentletraps.
 Hednota relatalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in the southern half of Australia including Tasmania.
 Eremiaphila bifasciata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 Eophyllium is an extinct monotypic genus of Phasmatodea a type of insect that is ancestral to the modern Phylliidae. These insects mimic the shape of leaves for camouflage with a single species Eophyllium messelensis.A full body fossil of E. messelensis was recovered from a 47 million year old fossil lake bed in Germany.
 Deroparia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Procharista is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Mantelliceras is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the subclass Ammonoidea and family Acanthoceratidae that lived during the upper Albian stage up to the late Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous 100-94 Mya.
 The Black-bellied Starling (Lamprotornis corruscus) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Kenya Mozambique Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
 Pseudepidalea pewzowi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in China Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Mongolia Uzbekistan Tajikistan and possibly Afghanistan.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes freshwater springs temperate desert arable land and rural gardens.
 Tachina breviventris is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Brazil.
 Endotricha consocia is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Butler in 1879 and is known from Japan Taiwan and China (Beijing Fujian Guangxi Hebei Henan Hubei Jiangsu Jiangxi Zhejiang).
 Nassarina rolani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Lestes uncifer is a species of damselfly in family Lestidae.It is found in Botswana Kenya Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Somalia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi and possibly the Republic of the Congo.
 Acleros neavei is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo (from the eastern part of the country to the Ituri district) and Tanzania (the eastern shore of Lake Tanganyika).
 Rhodogastria is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from South Africa. Formerly this genus name was mistakenly used for Amerila species.
 Bullia pura common name the pure plough shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The mountain hare (Lepus timidus) also known as blue hare tundra hare variable hare white hare snow hare alpine hare and Irish hare is a hare that is largely adapted to polar and mountainous habitats.
 Trigonoptila latimarginaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan the Korean Peninsula Taiwan and China.The wingspan is 33–40 mm. There are five generations per year.The larvae feed on Cinnamomum species and are considered a serious pest in China.
 The brown mudfish Neochanna apoda is a galaxiid of the genus Neochanna endemic to New Zealand where it lives on the southwest coast of North Island and on the northwest coast of the South Island. Its length is up to 15 cm and it can live to at least 7 years.
 Odostomia swetti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Archephia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nigilgia anactis is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1982. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Haliotis dalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Odostomia nota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Steropodon galmani was a prehistoric species of monotreme or egg-laying mammal that lived during the middle Albian stage in the Lower Cretaceous period. It is the second-earliest known relative of the platypus. Steropodon is known only from a single opalised jaw with three molars discovered at the Griman Creek Formation Lightning Ridge New South Wales Australia by brothers David and Alan Galman. It was a large mammal for the Mesozoic being 40–50 cm long.
 Promalactis spinosicornuta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in China (Xizang).The wingspan is about 9 mm. The forewings are ochreous brown sporadically with black scales. The markings are white sparsely edged with black scales. The hindwings and cilia are greyish brown.
 Catasigerpes nigericus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Catasigerpes in the order Mantodea.
 Coleophora mirabibella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Brasilotyphlus braziliensis is a species of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family. It was considered monotypic within Brasilotyphlus but a recently described species (Brasilotyphlus guarantanus) has been placed in this same genus. It is endemic to Brazil. Its habitat includes natural forests dry tropical or subtropical. Is in danger of extinction because of the loss of its natural habitat.
 Lampsilis satura is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Leedsichthys is a giant member of the Pachycormidae an extinct group of Mesozoic bony fish that lived in the oceans of the Middle Jurassic period.The first remains of Leedsichthys were identified in the nineteenth century. Especially important were the finds by the British collector Alfred Leeds after whom the genus was named Leeds' fish in 1889. The type species is Leedsichthys problematicus. Leedsichthys fossils have been found in England France Germany and Chile.
 Sphaeromatidea is a suborder of isopod crustaceans comprising the following superfamilies and families:SeroloideaBasserolidaeBathynataliidaePlakarthriidaeSerolidaeSphaeromatoidea†ArchaeoniscidaeAncinidaeSphaeromatidaeTecticipitidae↑
 The cat gecko Aeluroscalabotes felinus is a species of gecko found in Indonesia Malaysia Singapore Cambodia and Thailand. It is the only species within the genus Aeluroscalabotes and the only genus found within the taxonomic Subfamily Aeluroscalabotinae. It is commonly called the cat gecko because of its habit of curling up with its tail around itself when it sleeps similar to a cat.
 The Zanzibar barb (Barbus zanzibaricus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Kenya and Malawi.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Phyllonorycter formosella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Seychelles.
 Bassleroceras is an elongate upwardly curved exogastric genus with the venter on the under side more sharply rounded than the dorsum on the upper. The siphuncle is ventral composed of thick-walled tubular segments in which connection rings thicken in towardly as in both the Ellesmerocerida and primitive Tarphycerida.Bassleroceras is the type genus of the Bassleroceratidae which Furnish and Glenister (1964) included in the Ellesmerocerida but which Flower (1967) placed in the Tarphycerida.
 Udea conquisitalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Centromyrmex is a pantropical though mainly Afrotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae. They are predatory on termites where a group hunting strategy may be employed or may prey more generally on invertebrates in the upper soil layer of forests. The worker caste is blind and ill-adapted to surface foraging.
 Bedeva paivae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pseudovertagus clava is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Eurema alitha is a butterfly species within the genus Eurema. It was first described as Terias alitha by C. & R. Felder in 1862. It is found in Southeast Asia.
 Trombicula alfreddugesi also called Eutrombicula alfreddugè is a species in the genus Trombicula. (Eutrombicula is a subgenus of mites in Trombicula of the family Trombiculidae.)It is the common chigger species of the United States also sometimes called the harvest mite. Chiggers are the parasitic larval stages of these free-living mites. It is rarely if ever seen by most people in the dry Western states because they prefer humid climates.
 Pyritis is a genus of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Scinax baumgardneri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xerocrassa claudiconus is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Coelorrhina hornimani is a species of flower beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 Glyphipterix metasticta is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in New Zealand.
 Lavocatia is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Spain. It was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata and lived alongside of dinosaurs. Like most Mesozoic mammals it was a shrewish-sized animal. It's in the suborder Plagiaulacida and family Pinheirodontidae. The genus Lavocatia was named by J. I. Canudo and G. Cuenca in 1996 based on a single tooth.The species Lavocatia alfambrensis is known from the Barremian (Lower Cretaceous)-age strata of Galve Spain.
 Macrochlidia azuayana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The orangeside triggerfish (Sufflamen verres) is a species of triggerfish found along the Pacific coast of Central and South America from Mexico to Ecuador. It is also found around the Galapagos Islands.
 Calliostoma hedleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Fautor).
 Bocchoropsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Tite’s Copper (Aloeides titei) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the northern KwaZulu-Natal Drakensberg foothills to the hills of southern Mpumalanga.The wingspan is 25–30 mm for males and 26–33 mm females. Adults are on wing from November to February. There is one generation per year.
 Eulima simplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Marmara serotinella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Virginia and Maine).The larvae feed on Prunus serotina. They mine the branches of their host plant. The mine has the form of a long mine just under the epidermis of the branche.
 Filatima spurcella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from central and southern Europe to the southern Ural and Turkey.
 Pingasa nigrolineata is a moth of the Geometridae family which is endemic to Cameroon.
 Boninena hiraseana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Leptothorax recedens is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is found in France Italy and Spain with the most recent finding in Slovenia.In his 2003 revision of the Formicidae family Bolton placed this species in the genus Temnothorax although many authors still use the original classification.
 Stenodontes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stenodontes chevrolati Gahan 1890 Stenodontes damicornis (Linnaeus 1771) Stenodontes exsertus (Olivier 1795)↑
 Alaba is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Litiopidae.
 Pontogeneiidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans containing the following genera:
 Tagiades insularis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoro Islands. The habitat consists of forests forest margins and anthropogenic environments.
 Metopocoilus picticornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Melzer in 1923.
 The Blue-frosted Banner Blue-frosted Catone Grecian Shoemaker or Stoplight Catone (Catonephele numilia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family found in Central and South America.
 Neomordellistena notatipennis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1950 by Ermisch.
 Crambeidae is a family of marine demosponges.Identification of members of this family of sponges is based on microscopic examination of the spicules in their skeleton. The megascleres consist of peripheral thinner subtylostyles and thicker choanosomal styles while the microscleres are exclusively anchorate chelae.
 The Purplish-mantled Tanager (Iridosornis porphyrocephalus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cookia is a genus of large sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.Cookia is sometimes treated as a subgenus of the genus Bolma. [1]
 Strumigenys emmae is a species of ant that is 1.5 millimeters long and is yellowish brown. It has a 4 segmented antennae small eyes and has hairs on the head mesosoma and petiole that are mostly scale-like or orbicular. They are difficult to find other than when encountered in leaf litter samples or pitfall traps. They are normally slow moving but they can move fast when disturbed. The species first strike usually kills its prey. The species colony is small.
 Pheidole elecebra is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Benitez's tree frog Hypsiboas benitezi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Brazil Venezuela and possibly Guyana. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Glipidiomorpha poggii is a species of beetle in the Glipidiomorpha genus of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 2001 by Franciscolo.
 The Short-crested Flycatcher (Myiarchus ferox) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Amietophrynus togoensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia Sierra Leone and Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Zebra Longwing or Zebra Heliconian (Heliconius charithonia) is a species of butterfly belonging to the subfamily Heliconiinae of the Nymphalidae.The caterpillars are white with black spots and have numerous black spikes along their body. Adult butterflies are monomorphic of medium size with long wings. On the dorsal side the wings are black with narrow white and yellow stripes with a similar pattern on the ventral side but paler and with red spots.
 Leptaulax bicolor is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
 Philenora chionastis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Australia (Queensland and New South Wales).
 The Night Aulonocara (Aulonocara hueseri) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Trempolino (foaled March 17 1984) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1987.
 Amblyodipsas polylepis or the common purple-glossed snake is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.
 The Clandestine Dart or W-marked Cutworm (Spaelotis clandestina) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from coast to coast across Canada to southern Alaska and in the eastern United States from Maine to western North Carolina west to northern Ohio to North Dakota South Dakota Nebraska and down the Rocky Mountains from Montana to southern Arizona.The wingspan is about 38 mm.
 Popenaias is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Reflexisphodrus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Reflexisphodrus eugrammus Vereschagina 1989 Reflexisphodrus formosus Semenov 1895 Reflexisphodrus gracilior Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999 Reflexisphodrus graciliusculus Vereschagina 1989 Reflexisphodrus lanzouicus Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999 Reflexisphodrus marginipennis Fairmaire 1891 Reflexisphodrus refleximargo (Reitter 1894) Reflexisphodrus reflexipennis Semenov 1889 Reflexisphodrus remondorum Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999 Reflexisphodrus stenocephalus Vereschagina 1989 Reflexisphodrus wuduensis Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999↑
 The Magdalen Underwing (Catocala illecta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-western Ontario south to Tennessee and South Carolina and west and south to Texas and north through Oklahoma and Kansas to Nebraska Wisconsin Indiana Illinois and Michigan.The wingspan is 60–70 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Amorpha canescens Gleditsia triacanthos and Robinia pseudoacacia.
 The jungle cat (Felis chaus) is a medium-sized cat native to Asia from southern China in the east through Southeast and Central Asia to the Nile Valley in the west. It is listed as Least Concern in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species as it is widespread and common particularly in India. Population declines and range contraction are of concern particularly in Egypt in the Caucasus and in southwestern Central and Southeast Asia.Geographic variation in the jungle cat is quite considerable.
 Littoraria sinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Haliplus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) the Afro-tropical region the Near East the Nearctic and North Africa.
 Paleoparadoxia (ancient paradox) is a genus of large herbivorous aquatic mammals that inhabited the northern Pacific coastal region during the Miocene epoch (20 to 10 million years ago). It ranged from the waters of Japan (Tsuyama and Yanagawa) to Alaska in the north and down to Baja California Mexico. Paleoparadoxia was about 2.2 m (7 ft 3 in) long.
 Mordella sexguttata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1896.
 Eupithecia isabellina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the high Andes of Ecuador.
 Ochyrotica mexicana is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Guatemala Mexico and Venezuela.The wingspan is 15-16 mm. Adults are on wing in July August and November.
 Panicotricha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Thoracolophotos is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Liptena augusta Suffert’s Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Nigeria Cameroon and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 Eresina katangana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lualaba) and Zambia. The habitat consists of dense primary forests.
 Nebria turmaduodecima is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of California.
 Centrometopia atrisparsella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Turkmenistan.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Xerocrassa prietoi is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The toque macaque (Macaca sinica) is a reddish-brown-coloured Old World monkey endemic to Sri Lanka where it is locally known as the rilewa or rilawa (Sinhala රිළවා) (hence rillow in the Oxford English Dictionary). It is named for the toque-shaped whorl of hair on its head rather like the bonnet of the related bonnet macaque.It lives in troops sometimes numbering up to 20 and has developed into three subspecies.
 The Kermadec triplefin Enneapterygius kermadecensis is a triplefin of the family Tripterygiidae found in tidal rock pools around the Kermadec Islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean. Its length is up to 3.3 cm.
 Trimerotropis occulens is a species of insect in family Acrididae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Hyposmocoma inversella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Waianae Mountains where it was collected on an altitude of 2000 feet.The length of the forewings is 4.9 mm for males and 4.7 mm for females. Adults have a large orange V-shaped marking on the forewing found in no other described species of Hyposmocoma. Adult emergence occurs between March and April.
 Inermocoelotes xinpingwangi is a funnel-web spider species found in Bulgaria.
 Paragodon is a genus of hoverflies. The one known species is a small (4–5 mm) fly which differ from other species by simple male genitalia and was considered the most primitive microdontine species.
 Prototheora monoglossa is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Catoria delectaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).Adults are grey with submarginal arcs of dark spots on each wing.
 Verreaux's Coua (Coua verreauxi) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. According to a BBC documentary it is found only near a salt lake in the southern part of the island. The lake is 16 km long but only a couple of metres deep.
 Phimodera humeralis is a small shieldbug found in Europe. Although occasionally seen in northern Europe its primary range is southern Europe.
 Speleoperipatus is a monospecific genus of Jamaican onychophoran.
 Nosferattus ciliatus is a jumping spider.
 Lerodea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Barbus matthesi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Eupithecia higa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Black-sided Flowerpecker (Dicaeum monticolum) also known as the Bornean Flowerpecker is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Sutonocrea lobifer is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in French Guiana Brazil Ecuador Bolivia Panama and Costa Rica.
 Leptotyphlops diaplocius or the Common Peru blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Clathurella rava is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Emmalocera laropis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 †Daphnobela juncea is an extinct species of fossil predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae. This species lived in the Eocene.
 The southern pigtoe common name Pleurobema georgianum is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Eretmopteryx is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Polyortha chiriquitana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Aethes semicircularis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Henan Jilin Ningxia Shaanxi Shanxi).The wingspan is 11−15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish white irregularly sprinkled with small brownish black spots or strigulae at the costal margin. The hindwings are greyish brown.
 Netechma triangulina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Mangelia senegalensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Pazinotus spectabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Leucanopsis ishima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 The subfamily Emarginulinae common name keyhole limpets and slit limpets is a taxonomic subfamily of limpet-like sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
 Trochidrobia is a genus of very small freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.The genus Trochidrobia is endemic to the Lake Eyre supergroup Australia.
 Conus pseudimperialis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The tawny nurse shark (Nebrius ferrugineus) is a species of carpet shark in the family Ginglymostomatidae and the only extant member of the genus Nebrius. It is found widely along coastlines in the Indo-Pacific preferring reefs sandy flats and seagrass beds from very shallow water to a depth of 70 m (230 ft).
 Colopus is a genus of Gekkonidae that is found in the Kalahari desert in the nation states of Botswana Namibia and the Republic of South Africa.
 Conus fergusoni common name the Ferguson's cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Chaenopsis ocellata the Bluethroat pikeblenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the commercial aquarium trade.
 Agdistis facetus is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The White Sea herring Clupea pallasii marisalbi is a subspecies of the Pacific herring Clupea pallasii in the Clupea genus of the Clupeidae family.
 Siderone is a Neotropical nymphalid butterfly genus in the subfamily Charaxinae.
 Laelaptiella is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
 Leucanopsis setosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Pleuragramma antarcticum the Antarctic silverfish is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean.Pleuragramma antarcticum is a keystone species in the ecosystem of the Southern Ocean.While widely distributed around the Antarctic the species appears to have largely disappeared from the western side of the northern Antarctic Peninsula based on a 2010 research cruise funded by the National Science Foundation under the US Antarctic Program.
 Abraxas pusilla is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Butler in 1880. It is known from Darjeeling in India.
 Hylomantis lemur is a species of frog in the Hylidae family that is found in Colombia Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss and the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.
 Typhisopsis claydoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Euxesta anomalipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Phyllocnistis embeliella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guangdong China. The host plant for the species is Embelia lacta.
 Temnothorax is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It contains more than 300 species.
 The spotted sunfish (Lepomis punctatus) is a member of the freshwater sunfish family Centrarchidae and order perciformes. The redbreast sunfish bluegill and red-spotted sunfish are closely related species.Lepomis punctatus is olive-green to brown in color with black to reddish spots at the base of each scale that form rows of dots on the side. The scientific name punctatus refers to this spotted pattern.
 Sultan was a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and a leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland for six successive seasons.
 The Vulpina Dagger Moth or Miller Dagger Moth (Acronicta vulpina) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New York and Newfoundland west to central British Columbia south to Colorado.It was formerly considered a subspecies of Acronicta leporina (both species occur in eastern Russia).The wingspan is 40–47 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Populus tremuloides Betula papyrifera Populus balsamifera Alnus rugosa and Salix species.
 Trigonophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Colostethus breviquartus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Philodryas olfersii is a species of colubrid snake endemic to South America known by the common names Lichtenstein's green racer South American green racer and eastern green whiptail and in Brazil cobra-cipó cobra de São João cobra-facão cobra-verde and mboi-obi.
 Baliochila woodi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Malawi. The habitat consists of the deeply shaded shrub layer of Newtonia gallery forests and riverine forests.
 The Western Oriole (Oriolus brachyrynchus) also known as the Western Black-headed Oriole is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family that is native to Africa.
 Pharis (1936-1957) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who is considered one of the greatest French-bred runners of the century according to Thoroughbred Heritage. Named for the Spartan town of Pharis he was owned and bred by leading French horseman Marcel Boussac.
 Comostolodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Platymantis acrochorda is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Duke of Burgundy (Hamearis lucina) the only member of the genus Hamearis is a European butterfly in the family Riodinidae. For many years it was known as the Duke of Burgundy Fritillary because the adult's chequered pattern is strongly reminiscent of true fritillaries of the family Nymphalidae.
 Stigmatophora leacrita is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1894. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorye) China Korea and Japan.
 Amphekes is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Callionymus beniteguri the White-spotted dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the water around Japan and the East China Sea. This species grows to a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) SL. This species is of importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Callobius Bennetti is a species of spider in the Amaurobiidae family. It has multiple common names: Hackled Mesh Weaver hacklemesh weaver night spider and tangled nest spider. They sometimes could be mistaken for hobo spiders. The species can be found in North America and Eurasia.
 The White-crowned Tapaculo (Scytalopus atratus) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical tropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Bondia attenuatana is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1882. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales.
 Ariadne ariadne also known as the Angled Castor is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
 Marginella carquejai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Clouded Drab (Orthosia incerta) is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the end of February to mid May .The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs mainly oak.
 Taracus is a genus of harvestman or Opiliones typically found living in caves in the United States.
 Ormetica ameoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Ecuador Peru Venezuela and Colombia.
 Amaxia pseudamaxia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in French Guiana.
 Scopula ochreolata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Chlorhoda rufolivacea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Carabidomemnus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Carabidomemnus acutipennis Luna De Carvalho 1975 Carabidomemnus arthopteroides Luna De Carvalho 1980 Carabidomemnus baenningeri (H.Kolbe 1927) Carabidomemnus besucheti Luna De Carvalho 1977 Carabidomemnus brachynoides Luna De Carvalho 1959 Carabidomemnus decellei (Basilewsky 1962) Carabidomemnus endroedyfilius Luna De Carvalho 1973 Carabidomemnus evansi (Reichensperger 1933) Carabidomemnus feae (Gestro 1902) Carabidomemnus fulvescens (H.Kolbe 1927) Carabidomemnus hammondi Luna De Carvalho 1974 Carabidomemnus hargreavesi Reichensperger 1930 Carabidomemnus ituriensis Reichensperger 1933 Carabidomemnus jeanfoxae Luna De Carvalho 1967 Carabidomemnus kirbii (Westwood 1864) Carabidomemnus lecordieri Luna De Carvalho 1978 Carabidomemnus luluanus Basilewsky 1950 Carabidomemnus lunacarvalhoi Nagel 1983 Carabidomemnus methneri (H.Kolbe 1927) Carabidomemnus minutus (H.Kolbe 1927) Carabidomemnus mollicellus C.A. 
 Charaxes pembanus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Pemba Island. The habitat consists of forest margins and woodland.The larvae probably feed on Albizia species.
 Calliotropis calcarata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Anerastia incarnata is a species of snout moths in the genus Anerastia. It was described by Staudinger 1879. It is found on Sicily.
 Razowskiina eurydice is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Valparaíso Region).
 Machaeraptenus ventralis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela French Guiana and Bolivia.
 The toothed seadevil spiny seadevil or netbeard seadevil (Neoceratias spinifer) is a rarely seen deep-sea anglerfish found in the mesopelagic and bathypelagic zones of the western central Pacific Ocean. It is the only species in the family Neoceratidae and is unique amongst the deep-sea anglerfish in lacking an illicium and esca (the fishing rod and lure) and in having large teeth placed on the outside of its jaws.
 Spilarctia irina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov in 2006. It is found in western Indonesia.
 Stigmaulax sulcatus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Rudenia nigrans is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Baja California Sur).
 Thoracoceras is an extinct orthocerid genus from the family Kionoceratidae characterized by orthoconic shells marked by prominent longitudinal rounded grooves separated by angular ridges each which has a single row of blunt spines along its apex and having a small submarginal siphuncle.Thoracoceras named by Fischer De Waldheim in 1844 is found in Carboniferous and Lower Permian sediments in the U.S. Europe and Russia. It is closely related to Kionoceras Ohioceras and Polygrammoceras
 Copelatus aldabricus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by J. Balfour-Browne in 1950.
 The Asian barbastelle or eastern barbastelle (Barbastella leucomelas) is a species of vesper bat. Its habitat is temperate forests and caves. It is threatened by habitat loss. It can be found in Egypt (Sinai) Israel Saudi Arabia Eritrea Afghanistan Armenia Georgia Russia Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan Turkmenistan Iran India Pakistan Bhutan Nepal China (Yunnan Sichuan Gansu Shanxi Qinghai Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang) Taiwan and Japan (Hokkaido Honshu and Shikoku).
 Micardia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Gerhard’s Black Hairstreak (Satyrium abdominalis) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Autosticha Gelechid Moth (Autosticha pelodes) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the southern Pacific including Hawaii and French Polynesia Java Sulawesi the New Hebrides Samoa the Austral Islands and the Marquesas. It has been dispersed by man.The larvae feed on decaying vegetable matter.
 Caspia is a genus of marine snails brackish water snails and freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. Caspia is the type genus of the Caspiidae that is a synonym of Pyrgulinae.
 Kishinoue's giant skink (Plestiodon kishinouyei) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family found only in Japan.The species name is a tribute to Japanese fisheries biologist Kamakichi Kishinouye (岸上 鎌吉 1867-1929).
 Eriocrania is a genus of moth of the Eriocraniidae family.
 The Ultramarine Kingfisher (Todiramphus leucopygius) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family.It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Lithilaria ossicolor is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 Conus sertacinctus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Eresiomera cornesi Cornes’ Pearly is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Lake Rukwa sardine (Chelaethiops rukwaensis) is an African species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Tanzania.Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cataclysta angulata is a Crambidae species in the genus Cataclysta. It was described by Moore in 1885 and is known from Sri Lanka.
 Pupa is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Acteonidae. The genus is named Pupa because the shell of these snails resemble an insect pupa in overall shape. The animal has a large headshield with a deep median slit separating it into two posteriorly projecting lobes.
 Circobotys elegans is a moth species in the genus Circobotys found in Taiwan.
 Toxogrammia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Themaroidopsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Goya is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888.
 Isomma is a genus of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Madagascar and contains only two species:Isomma elouardi Legrand 2003Isomma hieroglyphicum Selys 1892↑ ↑ ↑
 Eriphia is a genus of crabs including the following species:Eriphia gonagra (Fabricius 1781)Eriphia granulosa A. Milne-Edwards 1880Eriphia scabricula Dana 1852Eriphia sebana (Shaw & Nodder 1803)Eriphia squamata Stimpson 1860Eriphia smithii MacLeay 1838Eriphia verrucosa (Forskål 1775)↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑
 Cosgriffius is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.
 Rallicola extinctus is an extinct species of phtilopterid louse. This parasite was only known to live on the now extinct Huia and is thought to have become extinct with its host. It was initially placed in its own separate genus Huiacola which means Huia inhabitant. It was endemic to New Zealand's North Island.
 Amyda is a genus of softshell turtles in the Trionychidae family. It contains the following species: Amyda cartilaginea - Asiatic softshell turtle Amyda gregaria †† = extinct
 Parvocaecus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Parvocaecus anatolicus (Coiffait 1956) Parvocaecus tokatensis (Vigna Taglianti 1976) Parvocaecus turcicus (Coiffait 1956)↑
 Passandrella is a genus of beetles in the family Passandridae.
 Rana sangzhiensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is endemic to China. It is known only from Mount Tianping in Sangzhi County Hunan (the type locality) and from Mount Dadong in Lianxian County Guangdong.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.The taxonomic position of Rana sangzhiensis is unclear with some authors (and the IUCN Red List) placing it in genus Pseudorana.
 Turriconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (January 2012) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Deltohyboma is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Macrogastra ventricosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 Smerinthus tokyonis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1921. It is known from Honshu and Shikoku in Japan.Adults have been recorded in June.
 Aartsenia arctica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of the two species within the Aartsenia genus with the exception of the other related species being Aartsenia candida.
 Polysoma is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Macrosemiiformes is an extinct order of bony fish with one family Macrosemiidae. The group evolved during the Late Triassic and disappeared during the Late Cretaceous. The group has been found in rock formations in Africa Asia Europe and North America.
 Onchidium secatum is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Homalocantha pele is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Namanganum is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Amblychilepas platyactis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Regal Intention (1985-2008) is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Alaena interposita is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland.
 Macracanthorhynchus hirudinaceus is an acanthocephalan parasite which lives in the intestines of pigs and other suids and very occasionally in humans or dogs. It causes enteritis gastritis or peritonitis. Its life cycle includes beetles of the genus Melolontha as intermediate hosts.It is known as Giant Thorny-Headed Worm of swine.
 Dysgonia dulcis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea China Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu) the Russian Far East (the Primorye region) and Taiwan.
 Pezaptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Neocoenyra paralellopupillata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in north-eastern Tanzania and possibly Malawi. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes of about 2200 meters.
 Scabricola padangensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Punctapinella ambatoana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 Phyllonorycter lantanella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in all of Europe except Scandinavia Ireland and the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is about 9 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and again in August.The larvae feed on Viburnum lantana Viburnum opulus Viburnum tinus and Sorbus aucuparia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine between two side veins.
 Pachypanchax varatraza is a species of Aplocheilid killifish endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Menambery Fanambana and Ampanobe rivers. Its natural habitat is streams and pools. It is threatened by invasive species.
 The finescale dace Phoxinus neogaeus is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family of order Cypriniformes. It is native to the northern portions of Minnesota.
 Uroloba calycospila is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Argentina.The wingspan is 19-20 mm. Adults are on wing in January and February.
 The White-throated Antbird (Gymnopithys salvini) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pseudacorethra zischkai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pseudacorethra.
 Comitas elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Semipalmated Sandpiper (Calidris pusilla) is a very small shorebird. It is sometimes separated with other stints in Erolia but although these apparently form a monophyletic group the present species' old genus Ereunetes had been proposed before Erolia.
 Thomas's fruit-eating bat (Artibeus watsoni) sometimes also popularly called Watson's fruit-eating bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in southern Mexico Belize Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Costa Rica Panama and Colombia. The species name is in honor of H. J. Watson a plantation owner in western Panama who used to send specimens to the British Natural History Museum where Oldfield Thomas would often describe them.
 The Small-billed Moa-nalo (Ptaiochen pau) also known as the Stumbling Moa-nalo is a species of moa-nalo one of a group of extinct flightless large goose-like ducks which evolved in the Hawaiian Islands of the North Pacific Ocean. It was described in 1991 from subfossil material collected in September 1982 by Storrs Olson Helen James and others from the Auwahi Cave on the southern slopes of Haleakalā on the island of Maui.
 Frovina indecora is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Zerotulidae.
 Ornistomus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ornistomus bicinctus Thomson 1864 Ornistomus simulatrix Clarke 2012↑
 The black roughscale catshark Apristurus melanoasper is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the northwest Atlantic slope at depths between 510 and 1520 m. Its length is up to 76 cm (30 in).
 Sycophantia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Nomismoceratidae is one of two families of the Nomismocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 The striped-faced dunnart (Sminthopsis macroura) is an Australian marsupial. This dunnart has an average length of 155-198 mm from the tip of the snout to the tip of the tail snout to anus distance of 75-98 mm a tail measuring 80-100 mm and an ear length of 17-18 mm. Its weight varies between 15-25 grams. It has a dark stripe between its ears on top of the snout to the nose.
 Bucculatrix quieta is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Cratoplastis diluta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Guyana Brazil Venezuela Ecuador Peru Bolivia Panama Costa Rica Honduras and Mexico.
 Nordstromia semililacina is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 32-38 mm. Adults have been recorded in June.
 Miramella is a genus of insect in family Acrididae. It contains the following species: Miramella alpina Miramella irena
 Acrobasis zamantha is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Roesler in 1987. It is found in Iran.
 Cirrhimuraena paucidens is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Albert William Herre and George S. Myers in 1931. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from the western central Pacific Ocean.
 Amaxia violacea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Reich in 1933. It is found in Peru.
 Mitra gilbertsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Mylothris aburi the Savanna dotted border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in eastern Senegal Guinea Ghana Togo and northern Nigeria. The habitat consists of the savanna forest transition zone. It is also found in dry forests and light woodland.It has been recorded amongst old Loranthus-infested citrus trees
 Parasaitis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The single described species P. femoralis is only found on Jamaica.
 Conus acutangulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Azor (foaled 1814) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from April to October 1817 he ran five times and won two races. In the summer of 1817 he created a 50/1 upset by winning the Epsom Derby after being entered in the race to act as a pacemaker for a more highly regarded stable companion. The rest of his form was well below top class with his only other success coming when he was allowed to walk over at Newmarket.
 Zygaena transalpina is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found from Germany to Croatia and Italy and from Spain to Austria and Slovenia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of Hippocrepis comosa and sometimes Coronilla varia and Lotus corniculatus. Larvae can be found from August after overwintering to June of the following year.
 Antipodochlora braueri is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae. It is endemic to New Zealand. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Scopula axiata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia.
 Ersilia stancyki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This species is one of two known species to exist within the genus Ersilia.
 Clathrodrillia orellana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Coleophora ochroflava is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in north-western Russia Ukraine Romania Bulgaria Greece and Italy.The larvae feed on the leaves of Atriplex tatarica Atriplex nitens Atriplex verrucifera and Halimione partulocoides.
 Atyriodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hypsoblennius jenkinsi the Mussel blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Pacific ocean. This species grows to a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 Tachina chrysotelus is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Brazil.
 Dawsonellidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks.
 Mordellistena diluta is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 The Mango Shoot Borer (Penicillaria jocosatrix) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southeast Asia to the Pacific. Records include Borneo Guam Hawaii Thailand and Western Australia the Northern Territory and Queensland in Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have dark forewings with black markings. The hindwings are white with a black spot and a broad dark border.The larvae feed on Mangifera indica Anacardium occidentale Schinus molle and Terminalia carolinensis.
 Pustularia bistrinotata is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Alabes is a genus of clingfishes found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Little Wonder (1837–1843) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from September 1839 to September 1842 he ran eight times and won only one race. That race however was the 1840 Epsom Derby which he won as a 50/1 outsider. Little Wonder was one of the smallest Thoroughbreds to win a major race standing less than 15 hands high. During his career there were rumours that he was a ringer foaled in 1836 but the allegations were never substantiated.
 Hetereleotris is a genus of gobies native to the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Sorolopha archimedias is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand China Sri Lanka India Java and Australia (Queensland).The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have brown forewings with a pale area at the apex with a white outline containing a large brown spot and a white outlined brown area of erect scales at the back of the thorax.The larvae feed on Cinnamomum verum Cinnamomum camphora and Syzygium aromaticum.
 Elysius subterra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Peru.
 Euryades corethrus is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found in Brazil Paraguay Uruguay and Argentina.The larvae feed on Aristolochia sessilifolia Aristolochia fimbriata and other Aristolochia species.
 Lestidiops is a genus of barracudinas.
 Suillia kroeberi is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Walker’s Lanark Tortrix (Philedonides lunana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the Near East.There is distinct sexual dimorphism. Males are dull brown and have pectinate antennae. Females have more distinctive chestnut brown markings on a greyish-buff ground colour.The wingspan is 12–16 mm. Adults are on wing from March to May.The larvae feed on various coarse moorland plants including Calluna and Vaccinium species.
 Sympetrum navasi is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Benin Botswana Ivory Coast Gambia Ghana Kenya Liberia Malawi Namibia Nigeria Sierra Leone Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi and possibly Tanzania. Its natural habitats are shrub-dominated wetlands swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Alpheias conspirata is a species of snout moths in the genus Alpheias. It was described by Heinrich in 1940 and is known from Mexico.
 Diastrophella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diastrophella pauliani Rivalier 1957 Diastrophella richardi Rivalier 1957↑
 Furthest Land (foaled 2005 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by Catherine Wills Furthest Land is the first registered foal from the unraced mare Flagrant a daughter of Rahy. He was a former claimer for $35000 who won the 2009 Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile by 3/4 length over Ready's Echo and heavily favored Midshipman.
 Plesiops auritus is a species of marine fish belonging to the family Plesiopidae. This species grows to a maximum length of 7.6 cm (3.0 in). It is found on in the coral reefs and typically found at depths less than 15 m. P. auritus' lives in the Indo-Pacific from Sri Lanka up to the west coast of the Malaysian Peninsula near Phuket and south along the western coast of Sumatra to north of Java. The male parent guards the eggs.
 Aegyrcitherium was a genus of rhinoceros endemic to Europe during the Miocene living from 16.9—16 mya existing for approximately 0.9 million years.
 Schwarzerium viridescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Hayashi in 1982.
 Atlanta inclinata is a species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.
 Cenchritis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Gonocephalus chamaeleontinus the Javan Humphead Lizard is a species of agama from Indonesia and Malaysia
 Opanara caliculata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Eulimostraca galapagensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Endelomorphus biakensis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Endelomorphus.
 Antimimistis attenuata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka north-eastern Himalaya Borneo Sulawesi Seram and New Guinea. Records from Queensland refer to Antimimistis illaudata which is sometimes listed as a synonym of Antimimistis attenuata.The wings are dark blackish brown with a some finely paler fasciae.
 Ghilianella phasma is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae. It is found on the Indian subcontinent and in Myanmar. There is some debate about whether this species may belong in the genus Schidium. William Lucas Distant placed the species in Ghilianella but Ernst Evald Bergroth and Pedro Wygodzinsky moved it to Schidium. In his 1990 work of the Reduviidae of the world Moldonado doubted the Schidium placement.
 The Bruce's Green Pigeon (Treron waalia) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Djibouti Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Oman Saudi Arabia Senegal Somalia Sudan Togo Uganda and Yemen.
 Lanistes neavei is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 Alvania turkensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Antillophos freemani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Yuhina (from yuhin Nepali for Y.
 Pandaros is a genus of demosponge in the family Microcionidae.
 Diadegma aegyptiacum is a wasp first described by Horstmann in 1993. No subspecies are listed.
 Nodipecten subnodosus is a species of scallop known by the common name giant lion's paw. It is native to Pacific and Gulf of California coasts of the Baja California Peninsula Mexico southward to the western coast of Peru.The giant lion's paw scallop releases both eggs and sperm during each annual spawn.
 Xanthomorda guineensis is a beetle in the Xanthomorda genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1969 by Ermisch.
 Edenopteron is a genus of large tristichopterid fish from the Late Devonian (Famennian) of what is now southeastern Australia. It is known from a single specimen of a single species E. keithcrooki described in 2013.
 Oligokyphus was an advanced herbivorous cynodont of the late Triassic to early Jurassic periods. Originally considered to be an early mammal it is now classified as a stem-mammal because Oligokyphus does not have the mammalian jaw attachments and it retains a vestigial joint between the quadrate bone and the squamosal bone in the skull.
 Acrolophidae (Burrowing webworm moths) is a family of moths in the Lepidoptera order. In addition there are about 300 species which live in the wild only in the New World.
 Acronicta pruinosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka the Himalaya east to Japan and Taiwan south to Burma and Peninsular Malaysia Borneo Java and New Guinea.The larvae feed on Elaeagnus species.
 Woodswallows are soft-plumaged somber-coloured passerine birds. There is a single genus Artamus The woodswallows are either treated as a subfamily Artaminae in an expanded family Artamidae which includes the butcherbirds and Australian Magpie or as the only genus in that family. The generic name which in turn gives rise to the family name is derived from the Ancient Greek artamos meaning butcher or murder.
 Sperrya is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Myelois is a genus of small moths belonging to the family Pyralidae.
 Callidiellum virescens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Linsley in 1966.
 Nothropus is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Nothrotheriidae endemic to South America during the Pleistocene epoch. It lived from 1.8 mya—78000 years ago existing for approximately 1.722 million years.
 Strongylognathus ruzskyi is a species of insect in family Formicidae that is endemic to Russia.
 Mastacembelus moorii is a species of fish in the Mastacembelidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes and inland deltas.
 Itame vincularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France Portugal Spain North Africa and Turkey.The wingspan is about 28–32 mm.The larvae feed on Rhamnus infectoria and Frangula alnus.
 Amata cantori is a species of moth in the genus Amata (or Syntomis) of the family Arctiidae (wooly bears or Tiger moths). It is found on Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.Adults are robust and black. The abdomen is completely black and the hindwing has a small transparent spot anterior of the center.
 Cynoglossus attenuatus commonly known as the Fourline tonguesole is a species of tonguefish. It is commonly found in the western Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa from Delagoa Bay Mozambique to Durban in South Africa.
 The Gulf Coast spiny softshell turtle (Apalone spinifera aspera) is a subspecies of softshell turtle endemic to the southeastern United States.
 Orthocomotis olivata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Calisto israeli is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Cuba where it is known from the middle and western parts of the Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa mountains from the Monte Iberia plateau west to Cupeyal. The species has also been recorded from Sierra de Cristal. It is probably also present on the eastern half of Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa mountains.
 Hypermastus kilburni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Henbit (28 March 1977 – 1997) was an American-bred and British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Epsom Derby in 1980. After winning one minor race as a two-year-old he showed improved form in 1980 to win the Classic Trial Stakes and the Chester Vase. He won the Derby in a fast time but sustained a leg injury in the race which ruled him out for the rest of the year.
 The dwarf slit-faced bat (Nycteris nana) is a species of slit-faced bat living in forest and savanna regions of Central Africa. Two subspecies have been noted: N. nana nana and N. nana tristis.
 The Cinnamon-throated Woodcreeper (Dendrexetastes rufigula) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily of the ovenbird family (Furnariidae). It makes up the monotypic genus Dendrexetastes.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Fusiaphera is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Bryotropha phycitiniphila is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in south-eastern Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 13-14 mm for males and about 12 mm for females. The forewings of the males are pale brownish grey mottled with pale white and ochreous. The hindwings are grey. Females are slightly darker. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
 Upolampes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The single member (species) of this monotypic genus Upolampes evena is found in New Guinea from West Irian to Papua New Guinea and Karkar Island (Australasian ecozone).
 Losaria neptunus or Atrophaneura neptunus commonly known as the Yellow-bodied Club-tail or Yellow Club-tail is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found in Sumatra South Burma North Borneo and the PhilippinesThe wingspan is 100–120 mm (3.9–4.7 in). The wings are dark-brown or black. The lower half of the abdomen is yellow. It has white markings on the forewings and a red patch on each hindwing.The larvae feed on Thottea and Aristolochia species.
 Stenalia obscuripennis is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Ermisch.
 Antictenia punctunculus is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Callawayia is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur. It contains the species Callawayia neoscapularis and C. altispinus.
 Hikosanoagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Hikosanoagonum latius Ueno 1964 Hikosanoagonum mutsuomiyatakei (Habu 1974) Hikosanoagonum shirozui (Habu 1954) Hikosanoagonum yakuense (Habu 1974)↑
 Eulimostraca macleani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Geometrinae is the nominate subfamily of the geometer moth family (Geometridae). It is strongly split containing a considerable number of tribes of which most are presently very small or monotypic however. These small moths are often a light bluish green leading to the common name of emerald moths though a few species called thus are also found in the tribe Campaeini of the Ennominae.There are about 2300 described species mostly from the tropics.
 Pignus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The two described species occur in Tanzania and South Africa respectively.
 Coleophora longipalpella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Amphilophus citrinellus is a large cichlid fish endemic to the San Juan River and adjacent watersheds in Costa Rica and Nicaragua. In the aquarium trade A. citrinellus is often sold under the trade name of Midas cichlid. A. citrinellus are omnivorous and their diet consists of plant material molluscs and smaller fish.
 Arthur's stubfoot toad Atelopus arthuri is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grasslands and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss. It has not been seen for more than 20 years and considered probably extinct.
 Chloroclystis celidota is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 The White-eyed Foliage-gleaner (Automolus leucophthalmus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in forests and old second growth in south-eastern Brazil eastern Paraguay and far north-eastern Argentina. Until recently it included the Pernambuco Foliage-gleaner as a subspecies.
 Hellinsia thor is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Colorado.The wingspan is 22 mm. The forewings are deep fawn-brown with a few scattered black scales most prominent along the inner margin of the second lobe. There are also a few whitish scales along the costa and the lower edge of the first lobe is rather prominently white-scaled. The hindwings are deep smoky with similarly colored fringes.
 Turbonilla murilloi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Biclonuncaria juanita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tamaulipas).
 †Partula cytherea was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Tahiti French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 The Dingy cutworm (Feltia jaculifera) also known as the Bent-line dart is a member of the Noctuidae family and is common throughout North America. There are three other species of Feltia that are often confused for F. jaculifera and they are F. herilis F. subgothica and F. tricosa.
 Agelaea is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Agelaea fulva Gene 1839 Agelaea himalayica Jedlicka 1965↑
 The Lake Oku clawed frog (Xenopus longipes) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.
 Hymenoclea is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 The Sri Lanka Swallow (Cecropis hyperythra) is a large swallow. It is a resident breeder endemic to Sri Lanka. It is closely related to the Red-rumped Swallow and was formerly considered a subspecies.
 Hypsopygia murzinalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Leraut in 2006 and is known from Cambodia.
 Mordellistenula perrisi is a beetle in the Mordellistenula genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1857 by Étienne Mulsant.
 The Mindanao Lorikeet or Mount Apo Lorikeet (Trichoglossus johnstoniae) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. There are two very similar subspecies which are both endemic to Mindanao Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rutilus rubilio known as the rovella or the South European roach is a species of freshwater fish a roach in the family Cyprinidae. It is native in the Tuscano-Latum district of Italy both in waters draining to the Adriatic and Tyrrhenian Seas and introduced further south in the country. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.It is threatened by introduced species and habitat loss.
 Stempfferia uniformis the Ikoyi Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria and possibly Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Depressaria erinaceella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal the Republic of Macedonia and on Sardinia and Sicily.The wingspan is about 25 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Cynara cardunculus. They bore the stem of their host plant.
 Gorgopis limbopuncta is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Neohelix dentifera is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Petrolisthes armatus the green porcelain crab is a species of small porcelain crab in the family Porcellanidae. It is believed to be native to Brazil but has spread to other parts of the world. Populations in the south eastern part of the United States have increased dramatically and the species is considered to be an invasive species.
 Vitrea transsylvanica is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
 Coleophora ivrizensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 The Double Yellow-patched Footman (Termessa zonophanes) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The larvae probably feed on lichens.
 Platyarthrini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Platyarthron and the following species: Platyarthron bilineatum Guérin-Méneville 1844 Platyarthron chilense (Thomson 1860) Platyarthron laterale Bates 1885 Platyarthron rectilineum Bates 1880 Platyarthron semivittatum Bates 1885 Platyarthron villiersi Delfino 1985↑
 Heinemannia laspeyrella is a species of moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in northern central and eastern Europe. In the east the range extends up the Ural and in the south to Sibiria.The wingspan is 17–21 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to the beginning of July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Lathyrus pisiformis Orobus vernus and Trifolium species.They feed on the seeds from within the sees cases. Up to six larvae can be found in a single case.
 Dexippus is a genus of jumping spiders.
 The Pondoland Widow (Dira oxylus) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in from the lower Drakensberg foothills from the eastern Cape to KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.The wingspan is 50–60 mm for males and 55–65 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late December to early March. There is one generation per yearThe larvae feed on various Poaceae species including Ehrharta erecta.
 Aphanisticus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Aphanisticus aculeatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus aegyptiacus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus aeneicollis Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus aeneolus Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus aeneomaculatus Fisher 1937 Aphanisticus aequinoxialis Thomson 1879 Aphanisticus aereus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus affinis Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus afflatus Théry 1948 Aphanisticus aloisii Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus amblyderus Fairmaire 1876 Aphanisticus ambodiranus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus ammon Théry 1930 Aphanisticus angolensis Théry 1947 Aphanisticus angustatus Lucas 1846 Aphanisticus angustifrons Théry 1912 Aphanisticus anniae Obenberger 1932 Aphanisticus antennatus Saunders 1873 Aphanisticus apayaoi Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus apicalis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus arcuaticollis Motschulsky 1861 Aphanisticus assinicus Kerremans 1903 Aphanisticus ater Gory & Laporte 1840 Aphanisticus auberti Théry 1930 Aphanisticus aureocupreus (Kerremans 1892) Aphanisticus auriculatus Gory & Laporte 1840 Aphanisticus autumnalis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus bakeri Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus baldasseronii Obenberger 1939 Aphanisticus bananaensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus batoensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus baumi Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus bedeli Abeille de Perrin 1893 Aphanisticus belial Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus bevinsi Théry 1930 Aphanisticus biafranus Obenberger 1921 Aphanisticus bicolor Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus bilobiceps Kerremans 1903 Aphanisticus bilyi Kalashian 1996 Aphanisticus binhensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus bison Théry 1930 Aphanisticus bispinosus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus bispinus Motschulsky 1861 Aphanisticus blackburni Carter 1924 Aphanisticus blaisei Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus bogosicus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus bohaci Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus bolmi Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus borkuanus Descarpentries & Bruneau de Miré 1963 Aphanisticus bottegoi Kerremans 1898 Aphanisticus bourgoini Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus bouvieri Théry 1905 Aphanisticus brevior Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus browni Carter 1924 Aphanisticus bulbatus Bílý 1973 Aphanisticus caesareus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus calcuttensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus camerunicus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus capensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus capicola Théry 1930 Aphanisticus capricornis Obenberger 1940 Aphanisticus carbonarius Théry 1930 Aphanisticus celer Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus cerdo Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus cervicornis Obenberger 1940 Aphanisticus chloris Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus clamator Théry 1930 Aphanisticus clavicornis Obenberger 1918 Aphanisticus cochinchinae Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus coeruleiclytris Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus coeruleipennis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus coerulescens Théry 1930 Aphanisticus collinus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus compactilis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus confusus Deyrolle 1864 Aphanisticus congener Saunders 1875 Aphanisticus connicki Baudon 1968 Aphanisticus conradsi Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus consanguineus Ritsema 1897 Aphanisticus convexicollis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus coomani Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus cordicollis Deyrolle 1864 Aphanisticus corniceps Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus cornifer Théry 1930 Aphanisticus coronatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus costatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus costipennis Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus crassulus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus cristatus Kerremans 1894 Aphanisticus cupreomicans Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus cupricornis Kerremans 1892 Aphanisticus curvicollis Kerremans 1914 Aphanisticus cylindricus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus damalonensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus daoensis Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus dapitani Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus davidi Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus decaryi Théry 1930 Aphanisticus decorsei Théry 1930 Aphanisticus delicatulus Fåhraeus in Boheman 1851 Aphanisticus dembickyi Kalashian 1999 Aphanisticus denticauda Kalashian 1993 Aphanisticus denticulatus Théry 1912 Aphanisticus descarpentriesi Kalashian 1993 Aphanisticus dessumi Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus diabolicus Deyrolle 1864 Aphanisticus dicax Théry 1930 Aphanisticus dichrous Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus difficilis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus dimorphus Théry 1941 Aphanisticus distinctus Perris 1864 Aphanisticus diversulus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus drescheri Fisher 1937 Aphanisticus dualaicus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus dubius Théry 1930 Aphanisticus edax Théry 1930 Aphanisticus elegans Théry 1905 Aphanisticus elongatus (Villa & Villa 1835) Aphanisticus elphus Obenberger 1940 Aphanisticus emarginatus (Olivier 1790) Aphanisticus endeloides Carter 1924 Aphanisticus eryx Théry 1930 Aphanisticus excavatus Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus filiformis Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus fluviatilis Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus fossidiscus Obenberger 1944 Aphanisticus fossulipennis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus foveicollis Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus funebris Théry 1930 Aphanisticus galeatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus gayaneae Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus gebhardti Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus gedyei Théry 1941 Aphanisticus genesti Théry 1930 Aphanisticus gerstaeckeri Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus gestroanus Obenberger 1932 Aphanisticus gestroi Kerremans 1894 Aphanisticus goudotii Gory & Laporte 1840 Aphanisticus grandidieri Théry 1912 Aphanisticus grandis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus gratiosus Théry 1948 Aphanisticus grossei Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus guyoni Théry 1930 Aphanisticus harauensis Kalashian 2005 Aphanisticus hargreavesi Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus harlequin Obenberger 1944 Aphanisticus helferi Cobos 1964 Aphanisticus herbigradus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus hewitti Kerremans 1912 Aphanisticus horaki Kalashian 2003 Aphanisticus hova Kerremans 1899 Aphanisticus imitator Théry 1948 Aphanisticus immixtus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus impressicollis Deyrolle 1864 Aphanisticus impressipennis Fairmaire 1901 Aphanisticus inaequalicollis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus incostatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus indicus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus inornatus Théry 1905 Aphanisticus insculptus Fåhraeus in Boheman 1851 Aphanisticus insularis Kerremans 1894 Aphanisticus insulicolus Cobos 1959 Aphanisticus intaminatus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus integer Théry 1930 Aphanisticus integricollis Théry 1905 Aphanisticus ituricolus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus ituriensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus jakobsoni Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus javaecola Obenberger 1932 Aphanisticus javanicus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus jendeki Kalashian 2005 Aphanisticus juvencus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus kabakovi Kalashian 1993 Aphanisticus kalabi Kalashian 2003 Aphanisticus kalshoveni Obenberger 1931 Aphanisticus kanabei Kaszab 1940 Aphanisticus kaszabi Cobos 1968 Aphanisticus kerremansi Théry 1930 Aphanisticus kiniaticus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus klapperichi Obenberger 1944 Aphanisticus kolibaci Kalashian 1999 Aphanisticus krusemanni Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus kubani Kalashian 1996 Aphanisticus lacertus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus laetus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus lafermei Novak 2003 Aphanisticus lamellicornis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus latro Théry 1930 Aphanisticus latus Kerremans 1903 Aphanisticus lembanus Kerremans 1912 Aphanisticus leonensis Kerremans 1903 Aphanisticus leonigena Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus lepidus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus levipennis Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus limayicus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus lineolatus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus lineoliger Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus lubopetri Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus lumareti Kalashian 1999 Aphanisticus lunifrons Théry 1930 Aphanisticus luzonicolus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus madagascariensis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus maleficus Théry 1905 Aphanisticus malignus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus mandarinus Gebhardt 1928 Aphanisticus marginicollis Gestro 1877 Aphanisticus margotanae Novak 1993 Aphanisticus marseulii Tournier 1868 Aphanisticus martini Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus mascarenicus Descarpentries 1973 Aphanisticus masoni Théry 1930 Aphanisticus massaicus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus mathiauxi Théry 1930 Aphanisticus maynaei Kerremans 1912 Aphanisticus mendax Théry 1930 Aphanisticus metallescens Kerremans 1892 Aphanisticus microcephalus Kalashian 2003 Aphanisticus micros Théry 1930 Aphanisticus miguelicus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus miles Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus mindanaoensis Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus minutus Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus mirandulus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus missus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus mitratus (Chevrolat 1838) Aphanisticus montanus Fisher 1926 Aphanisticus moultoni Kerremans 1912 Aphanisticus mrazeki Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus munroi Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus mutator Théry 1930 Aphanisticus nanissimus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus natalensis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus natalicola Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus nervosus Kerremans 1903 Aphanisticus nigerrimus Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus nigritorum Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus nigroaeneus Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus nitidulipennis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus nitidus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus nocivus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus nodosus Gerstäcker 1871 Aphanisticus obesus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus oblongus Kerremans 1895 Aphanisticus observator Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus obsoletulus Obenberger 1918 Aphanisticus obtusicornis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus okinawanus Ohmomo 2004 Aphanisticus opacus (Kerremans 1913) Aphanisticus oreophilus Fisher 1937 Aphanisticus oresibatus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus othello Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus ovalis Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus pacholatkoi Kalashian 2005 Aphanisticus pacificus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus paradoxus Deyrolle 1864 Aphanisticus pendleburyi Fisher 1933 Aphanisticus peninsulae Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus perakensis Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus perinetensis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus perpusillus Obenberger 1918 Aphanisticus perraudierei van de Poll 1892 Aphanisticus perroti Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus peyerimhoffi Descarpentries 1949 Aphanisticus philippinensis Kalashian 2003 Aphanisticus piceipennis Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus planatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus planidorsulus Obenberger 1940 Aphanisticus plantivorus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus protensus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus protractipennis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus pseudochloris Kalashian 2003 Aphanisticus pulex Théry 1930 Aphanisticus pullus Fåhraeus in Boheman 1851 Aphanisticus pumilio Fåhraeus in Boheman 1851 Aphanisticus punctatostriatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus punctulivertex Obenberger 1944 Aphanisticus pusillus (Olivier 1790) Aphanisticus putus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus pycnus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus pygmaeus Lucas 1846 Aphanisticus quadraticollis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus raffrayi Théry 1930 Aphanisticus rarus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus rhynchophorus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus rollei Théry 1912 Aphanisticus rondoni Baudon 1962 Aphanisticus rotundicollis Théry 1912 Aphanisticus sagax Théry 1930 Aphanisticus sandakanus Obenberger 1924 Aphanisticus satanas Deyrolle 1864 Aphanisticus scheitzae Burgeon 1941 Aphanisticus schroderi Théry 1930 Aphanisticus schuhi Novak 1995 Aphanisticus scotti Théry 1937 Aphanisticus sculptipennis Bílý 1983 Aphanisticus semicaeruleus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus seriepunctatus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus shimoganus Obenberger 1940 Aphanisticus sicardi Théry 1905 Aphanisticus similis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus simplex Fairmaire 1901 Aphanisticus sinicolus Obenberger 1944 Aphanisticus somalicus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus soppoensis Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus soppongi Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus soudeki Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus straeleni Théry 1948 Aphanisticus stramineus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus strandi Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus strandianus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus strangulatus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus striatipennis Kalashian 2003 Aphanisticus subcylindricus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus subfasciatus Motschulsky 1861 Aphanisticus sugonjaevi Alexeev in Alexeev et al. 1992 Aphanisticus sulcicollis Walker 1858 Aphanisticus sulculiceps Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus sumatrensis Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus swierstrae Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus taciturnus Kerremans 1898 Aphanisticus tananarivensis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus tanovanensis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus tassii Baudon 1968 Aphanisticus taurus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus tennasserimi Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus tenuolus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus tessmanni Théry 1930 Aphanisticus theodori Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus theryellus Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus tondui Théry 1912 Aphanisticus trachyformis Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus triangularis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus turneri Théry 1930 Aphanisticus ugandae Théry 1930 Aphanisticus ukerewensis Obenberger 1937 Aphanisticus ukerewigena Obenberger 1940 Aphanisticus unicolor Fisher 1921 Aphanisticus vanderijsti Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus vasculus Théry 1930 Aphanisticus vaulogeri Descarpentries & Villiers 1963 Aphanisticus vicinus Kerremans 1896 Aphanisticus victoriae Kerremans 1910 Aphanisticus vietnamensis Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus viridicornis Théry 1930 Aphanisticus viridipennis Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus viridisignatus Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus viti Kalashian 2004 Aphanisticus volkovitshi Kalashian 1994 Aphanisticus vulcanus Théry 1948 Aphanisticus waterloti Théry 1930 Aphanisticus weyersi Kerremans 1900 Aphanisticus wittei Théry 1948 Aphanisticus yasumatsui Kurosawa 1954 Aphanisticus zambesicus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus zanzibaricus Obenberger 1928 Aphanisticus zulu Théry 1930 Aphanisticus zuluanus Obenberger 1928↑
 Stenalcidia latimedia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Timandra extremaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Giffordius is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae. The two known species found on New Providence Bahamas were named after the early conservationist and politician Gifford Pinchot and his wife Cornelia who discovered them. These snails are unusual among polygyrids in being ovoviviparous rather than oviparous.
 The Baja pocket mouse (Chaetodipus rudinoris) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. The species occurs in southern California Baja California and on islands in the Gulf of California.
 Mesopediasia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Snyderina is a genus of waspfishes found in the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Megatarsodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Bombus kashmirensis is a species of bumblebee.
 Nanobagrus is a genus of bagrid catfishes found in Southeast Asia. All species are quite small fish.
 The wood bison (Bison bison athabascae) or mountain bison (often called the wood buffalo or mountain buffalo) is a distinct northern subspecies or ecotype of the American bison. Its original range included much of the boreal forest regions of Alaska Yukon western Northwest Territories northeastern British Columbia northern Alberta and northwestern Saskatchewan. It is currently listed as threatened on Schedule I of the Species At Risk Act.
 Maassenia heydeni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.The wingspan is 50–80 mm. The forewing outer margin is slightly crenulated. The forewing upperside ground colour is brown with paler beige areas. The antemedian band and spots along the costa are paler. The basal band is dark brown curved and not reaching the inner margin. There is a dark brown diffuse line running from near the middle of the costa to the tornus.
 Anarrhotus is a genus of jumping spiders. The only described species Anarrhotus fossulatus is endemic to Malaysia. It is one of several monotypic genera from Southeast Asia where despite their first description dating back more than a hundred years there are no habitat details although genital and sometimes other drawings are now available for several of them. Anarrhotus is only known from a single male specimen the pedipalp of which was drawn by Proszynski (1984).
 Hoogmoed's tree frog Hypsiboas roraima is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guyana possibly Brazil and possibly Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Yellow-breasted Apalis (Apalis flavida) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in the Eastern parts of Austria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Moravia Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna and moist savanna.
 The Cinnamon Screech Owl (Megascops petersoni) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Diacrisia aurapsa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1905. It is found on Saparua.
 Scaphiopus is a genus of North American amphibian commonly referred to as the Southern Spadefoot Toads. They differ greatly from true toads (those of the family Bufonidae) by having eyes with vertical pupils no parotoid gland and relatively smooth skin. Their most distinctive feature is a spade-like projection on their hind feet from which their common name is derived.
 Pachymelania is a genus of freshwater snails gastropod mollusks in the family Thiaridae.
 Idioteuthis cordiformis is a species of whip-lash squid found in tropical regions of the west Pacific Ocean.
 Comitas arcana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Kemp's Longbill (Macrosphenus kempi) is a species of Old World warbler in the Macrosphenidae family.It is found in Cameroon Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Drakensberg Prinia or Saffron-breasted Prinia (Prinia hypoxantha) is a small passerine bird. This prinia is an endemic resident breeder South Africa. It is a species of forest edges wooded gullies and bracken covered slopes in the Drakensberg. The Drakensberg Prinia was formerly considered to be a subspecies P. m. hypoxantha of the Karoo Prinia P. maculosa.
 Glyphodes shafferorum is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found on the Comoros La Réunion Madagascar and in Mauritius and South Africa.Their wingspan is approx. 20–30 mm.The larvae feed on Ficus species including Ficus carica Ficus reflexa Ficus rubra and Ficus benghalensis.
 Xyleutes leuconotus is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in southern and south-eastern Asia.Larvae bore Casuarina trees.
 Ancillista rosadoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Schausiana is a monotypic moth genus of the family Hepialidae. The only described species is S. trojesa which is endemic to Mexico.
 Singularia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species Singularia walsinghami which is found in North America (including Colorado).The wingspan is 25-26 mm. The head thorax and abdomen are greyish white. The legs are pale brown and the fore wings are greyish white brownish along the extreme costal margin.
 Cambaridae is the largest of the three families of freshwater crayfish with over 400 species.
 Aputrechisibus dubius is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Aputrechisibus.
 Proteuxoa cyanoloma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New South Wales Tasmania and Victoria.
 Stoliczkae's Barb (Pethia stoliczkana) is a freshwater tropical cyprinid fish native to the upper Mekong Salwen Irrawaddy Meklong and upper Charo Phraya basins in the countries of Nepal India Pakistan Myanmar Bangladesh Laos Thailand and Sri Lanka.P. stoliczkana is silver-green with a vertically elongated black blotch behind the gill opening and a vertically elongated black blotch on the caudal peduncle.
 Shenaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Shenaphaenops cursor Ueno 1999 Shenaphaenops humeralis Ueno 1999 Shenaphaenops majusculus Ueno 1999↑
 Norfolcioconch norfolkensis is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Norfolk Island.
 Allocosa dufouri is a wolf spider found in Portugal and Spain.
 Muticaria macrostoma is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.This species is endemic to the Mediterranean island of Malta.
 Conus carnalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Hypotia khorgosalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from China.
 Eurhophaea is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1961 and contains the species E. hyrcanella. It is found in Iran.
 Crockerella hesione is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Blue Duchess (Euthalia duda) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.
 Tegenaria abchasica is a spider species found in Russia and Georgia.
 The Spotted Flycatcher (Muscicapa striata) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family. It breeds in most of Europe and western Asia and is migratory wintering in Africa and south western Asia. It is declining in parts of its range.This is an undistinguished looking bird with long wings and tail. The adults have grey-brown upperparts and whitish underparts with some streaking on the breast.
 Powelliphanta spedeni known as one of the amber snails is a species of large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.
 Chilips claduncus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 The Eungella torrent frog (Taudactylus eungellensis) is a species of stream dwelling frog endemic to Australia. It is restricted to ranges west of Mackay in mid-eastern Queensland.
 Bamra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Titanacris albipes is a species of grasshopper in the family Romaleidae.
 Sorhagenia janiszewskae is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found from Great Britain to Russia and from Fennoscandia to France Switzerland Austria Croatia Hungary and Romania. It has also been reported from Portugal the Caucasus and western Transcaucasia.The wingspan is 8–11 mm. Adults are on wing from mid June to August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Rhamnus fragula and sometimes also Rhamnus cathartica.
 The Purple-banded Sunbird (Cinnyris bifasciatus) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Gabon Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Rwanda Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.The Tsavo Sunbird sometimes lumped with the Purple-banded is here considered a separate species.
 Leptotyphlops occidentalis or the Western thread snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Tarachodes gigas is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Limnophorini are a tribe of flies belonging to the family Muscidae. Although the name-giving genus is Limnophora this was actually described only after the more characteristic and easily recognized Lispe.
 Glipa rectefasciata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1941.
 Coleoxestia curoei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Oeonistis bistrigata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Turbonilla arta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Saccocoma is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Late Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous in Europe and North America. It contains at least two species.
 Geropaschia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1917 and contains the species G. grisealis. It is found in Brazil.
 Phrynarachne decipiens the bird-dropping spider is a species of tropical crab spider from Malaysia Sumatra and Java. It mimics a bird dropping in its appearance and the way it behaves.
 Semicassis is a genus of medium-sized predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the subfamily Cassinae within the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 Haemanota syntomoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Surinam.
 Clathurella perdecorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Brachininae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following genera: Aptinoderus Hubenthal 1919 Aptinus Bonelli 1810 (tentatively placed here) Brachinulus Basilewsky 1958 Brachinus Weber 1801 Brachynillus Reitter 1904 Crepidogaster Boheman 1848 Crepidogastrillus Basilewsky 1959 Crepidogastrinus Basilewsky 1957 Crepidolomus Basilewsky 1959 Crepidonellus Basilewsky 1959 Mastax Fischer von Waldheim 1828 Pheropsophus Solier 1833 Styphlodromus Basilewsky 1959 Styphlomerus Chaudoir 1875↑
 Ctenucha bruneri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Cuba.
 Anthidium venustum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Hemimyzon nujiangensis is a species of hillstream loach endemic to Yunnan China.
 The Black-headed Parrot (Pionites melanocephalus ; sometimes incorrectly Pionites melanocephala) also known as the Black-headed Caique Black-capped Parrot or Pallid Parrot (for P. m.
 Phoenicoprocta hampsonii is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Barnes in 1904. It is found in south-eastern Arizona and Baja California.The length of the forewings is about 17 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
 Deudorix renidens is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Cerotoma trifurcata (also known as the Bean leaf beetle) is a species of beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in the Eastern and West United States.
 Acrolepia jaspidata is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
 Phymorhynchus wareni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.This species has been described from hydrothermal vents in 1995.
 Iridana katera is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda (the western shores of Lake Victoria and the Bwamba Valley) and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Chinese fire belly newt (Cynops orientalis) is a small (2.2- to 4.0-in 6– to 10-cm) black newt with bright-orange aposematic coloration on their ventral sides. C. orientalis is commonly seen in pet stores where it is frequently confused with the Japanese fire belly newt (C. pyrrhogaster) due to similarities in size and coloration. C. orientalis typically exhibits smoother skin and a rounder tail than C.
 Emmalocera pelochroa is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Sceloporus merriami longipunctatus commonly known as the Presidio canyon lizard is a subspecies of the canyon lizard and is endemic to southwestern Texas and northeastern Mexico. It is unknown if it interbreeds with the other subspecies of canyon lizard found in the same region but it is likely.
 Pseudosesia isozona is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Queensland.The length of the forewings is 10-11 mm for males and about 11 mm for females. This species (at least superficially) resembles Pseudosesia oberthuri. If the two species are closely related Pseudosesia isozona may be found to be a borer in some species of native vine as well as Pseudosesia oberthuri.
 Lamellodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species Lamellodynerus nigrofulvus.
 Berbericeras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Xyroptila soma is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India (northern Kanara).
 Elachista ohridella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria.
 Ptochostola is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ivantosaurus is an extinct genus of therapsid that lived in Russia during the Wordian stage of the Permian period.Some paleontologists have suggested that Ivantosaurus is a large species of Eotitanosuchus.
 Xanthogramma are moderate to large hoverflies most are somewhat wasp like. Little is known of their biology.
 Variimorda ishiharai is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae.
 Sayella mercedordae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acrosphalia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Taudactylus is a genus of frogs in the family Myobatrachidae. These frogs are endemic to rainforest areas of coastal eastern Australia most of this genus inhabit fast flowing streams in highland area. Most members of this genus have suffered serious declines in which the disease chytridiomycosis appears to have played a significant role: T. dirunus is believed to be extinct while all others except T. liemi are listed as critically endangered by the IUCN.
 Rubellatoma is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae
 Prochola orphnopa is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Caloptilia jelita is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Pahang).
 Eupithecia kopetdaghica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.
 Endotricha approximalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in Java the Philippines the New Hebrides Woodlark Island New Guinea Australia China (Hainan) and Vanuatu.
 Riley’s Copper (Aloeides rileyi) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from Lesotho and the eastern part of the Orange Free State.The wingspan is 24–28 mm for males and 26–30 mm females. Adults are on wing from November to February. There is one generation per year.
 Luciobarbus bocagei is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. Its scientific name honours the Portuguese zoologist and politician Jose Vicente Barboza du Bocage. It is here placed in Luciobarbus following the IUCN but that genus is very closely related to the other typical barbels and perhaps better considered a mere subgenus of Barbus. The Ebro Barbel (L. graellsii) and Andalusian Barbel (L. sclateri) were formerly included in L.
 Oncopera parva is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Queensland.The larvae are subterranean but emerge from the soil to feed. They probably feed on fallen leaves.
 Turbo jourdani  common name the Jourdan's turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae. Taxonomic status: Some authors place the name in the subgenus Turbo (Dinassovica)
 Sphecosoma melapera is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1909. It is found in Colombia.
 Trichaeta quadriplagata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1895. It is found on Sumatra.
 Calliclava aegina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae. According to Gastropods.com Calliclava aegina is a synonym of Calliclava pallida (Sowerby G.B. I 1834)
 Anabarilius qiluensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Anabarilius.
 Odostomia parodontosis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Conogethes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Likoma is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Betta balunga is a species of gourami endemic to the island of Borneo. It inhabits forest and black water streams and grows to a length of 4.9 cm (1.9 in).
 Alvania tessellata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Dialectica odontosema is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Paraschema is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Eriopyga crista is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the southern United States (including Arizona) through Central America to South America and on the Antilles.
 Sculptiferussacia clausiliaeformis is a species of small air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ferussaciidae. This species is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Colpospira deliciosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 The Sulawesi Striped Blue Crow (Euploea configurata) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 The broadnose sevengill shark (Notorynchus cepedianus) is the only extant member of the genus Notorynchus in the family Hexanchidae. It is recognizable because of its seven gill slits while most shark species have five gill slits with the exception of the members of the order Hexanchiformes and the sixgill sawshark. This shark has a large thick body with a broad head and blunt snout. The top jaw has jagged cusped teeth and the bottom jaw has comb-shaped teeth.
 Volvarina pseudophilippinarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Leptopleuron is a genus of an extinct procolophonid that lived in dry lands of the late Triassic of Scotland. Its fossils were found in Lossiemouth Sandstone. Leptopleuron was a small lizard-like animal that reached 40 cm long.
 For the Dutch lawyer see Arnold Vinnius.Vinnius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). They all occur in Brazil with one species also found in Argentina.The genera Frespera and Arnoliseus were split from this genus in 2002.
 Blastobasis egens is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in South Africa and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The length of the forewings is 4.5–4.9 mm. The forewings are white intermixed with brown scales along the costa and distal half. The hindwings are pale brown.
 Rhythmologa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Protocucujidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 Leistera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gephyra saturatalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Gephyra. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Surinam.
 Kris Kin (5 March 2000 – August 2012) was a retired Thoroughbred race horse and active sire. He was bred in the United States but was trained in England during his racing career. In a career that lasted just over a year from October 2002 to October 2003 he ran seven times and won three races most notably the Epsom Derby in 2003. Kris Kin stood as a stallion in Italy before being exported to stand in Libya where he died in 2012.
 The Sooty Copper (Lycaena tityrus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 28–30 millimetres (1.1–1.2 in). The butterfly flies from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Rumex acetosa and Rumex acetosella.
 Lyonetia scriptifera is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known to live in Australia.As with many other species of this family they probably mine the leaves of their host plant in the larval stage.
 Mogurnda furva the Black mogurnda is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Lake Kutubu in Papua New Guinea. This species can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) SL.
 Lirceus is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Asellidae that live in southern Canada and the eastern United States as far west as the Great Plains.
 Hyalurga urioides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica Guatemala Belize Panama Ecuador and Peru.
 The Palm Warbler (Setophaga palmarum) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family.
 Micromia is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family. It contains only one species Micromia fulvipuncta which is found in New Guinea.
 Lunovula cancellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pediculariidae one of the families of cowry allies.
 Cameraria betulivora is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada and the United States (including Maine and North Carolina).The wingspan is about 7 mm.The larvae feed on Betula species including Betula alleghaniensis Betula lenta Betula lutea Betula papyrifera and Betula populifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small sometimes almost circular blotch upon the upper side of the leaf.
 Artiphanes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Jeana robiginosa is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Tasmania.
 Thesprotia maculata common name Grass Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Bolivia and Brazil.
 Thysanodonta festiva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The false lanternshark Etmopterus pseudosqualiolus is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the western Pacific from the Norfolk Ridge and Lord Howe Ridge off New Caledonia.
 The Sulphur-bellied Bulbul (Iole palawanensis) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).Past studies have argued the species might warrant inclusion in the genus Hypsipetes – as long as this was kept separate from Ixos – as it may be a close relative of the Philippine Bulbul (H. philippinensis) which in turn is closely related to the type species of Hypsipetes the Black Bulbul (H.
 The Starry Owlet-nightjar (Aegotheles tatei) also known as the Spangled Owlet-Nightjar is a species of bird in the Aegothelidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Struthibosca is a genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. There is only one known species Struthibosca struthionis (Janson 1889). It is a parasite of Ostrichs.
 Cochlostomatinae are a subfamily of small land snails which have operculums and gills. These are terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae.
 The East Siberian cod Arctogadus borisovi also known as the toothed cod is an Arctic fish closely similar to the Arctic cod Arctogadus glacialis and also related to true cods (genus Gadus). It has been differentiated in appearance from the Arctic cod by having pronounced chin barbel. Their sides and back are dark olive and the belly are light grey with dark spots.
 Autographa macrogamma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the northern parts of European Russia Siberia and Mongolia.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to beginning of August.The larvae feed on Trollius europaeus and Sorbus aucuparia.
 The Newfoundland White (Pieris oleracea frigida) is a sub-arctic subspecies of the Mustard White butterfly. Mostly confined to the Newfoundland area of Canada.
 Kermia producta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Spilarctia casigneta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in northern Pakistan the Himalayas Nepal and Bhutan.
 The Garnet Pitta (Erythropitta granatina) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. The form occurring in the Malaysian state of Sabah has been split as the Black-headed Pitta or Black-crowned Pitta Erythropitta ussheri (Gould 1877)
 The striped keelback Xenochrophis vittatus is a species of snake found mainly in Indonesia (Bangka Java Sumatra We Sulawesi) and Singapore (introduced).Terra typica: “America” (in error).
 Copelatus chibcha is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Achaea occidens is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Ghana.
 The Black-headed Skimmer or Blue Scarlet Dragonfly Crocothemis nigrifrons is a species of dragonfly of the widespread genus Crocothemis. It is found in Australia Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Males of this species are atypical in colour for the genus being bright powder blue on the abdomen. In almost all other Crocothemis species the males are bright red. The species is usually found near still or sluggish waters and is common over much of its range.
 Acrocercops argocosma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Ecuador. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1915.
 Hyporhamphus yuri is a halfbeak from the Hemiramphidae family.
 Lethotremus is a genus of lumpfishes native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 Mordellistena kirghizica is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 2003 by Odnosum.
 Iontha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis) is an African even-toed ungulate mammal the tallest living terrestrial animal and the largest ruminant. Its species name refers to its camel-like appearance and the patches of color on its fur. Its chief distinguishing characteristics are its extremely long neck and legs its horn-like ossicones and its distinctive coat patterns. It is classified under the family Giraffidae along with its closest extant relative the okapi.
 Yellow-edged lyretail is the common name for the species Variola louti. It is also commonly known as the lyretail grouper or the coronation cod.
 Synechodes rotanicola is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2004. It is found on Java.The wingspan is 26 mm for males and 34 mm for females. The forewings are black subbasally in the middle part and in the distal portion with scales with whitish grey tips. There are a number of patches of scattered blood-red scales. The hindwings are black with a yellow subbasal band divided by narrow black streaks along the veins.
 Euvrilletta sequoiae is a species of beetles in the genus Euvrilletta of the family Anobiidae.
 Valencienna sexguttata the Sixspot goby is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits bays or lagoons in waters of from 3 to 25 metres (9.8 to 82.0 ft) with silt or sand substrates with larger pieces of rock under which to burrow. This species can reach a length of 14 centimetres (5.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Melo aethiopica common name the crowned baler is a very large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Amblyeleotris steinitzi Steinitz' prawn goby or simply Steinitz' goby is a species of small fish in the family Gobiidae. It lives in association with an alpheid shrimp and is found from the Red Sea through the Indian Ocean to the western Pacific Ocean.
 The Bahia Antwren (Herpsilochmus pileatus) or Pileated Antwren is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Provanna variabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Aboriginella is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Aksayan to Batyrbaian strata in Kazakhstan. It was a facultatively mobile infaunal suspension feeder.
 Sparganothis azulispecca is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Alabama.
 Fallacosteus turneri is an extinct species of arthrodire placoderm from the late Devonian of the Gogo Formation of Western Australia. As with almost all other camuropiscids F. turnerae had an elongate snout that may have enhanced its hydrodynamic streamlining.
 Impages continua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Sochchora albipunctella is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Brazil.The wingspan is 13-15 mm. Adults are on wing in January.
 The grizzly bear (Ursus arctos ssp.) is any North American subspecies of the brown bear including the mainland grizzly (Ursus arctos horribilis) the Kodiak bear (Ursus arctos middendorffi) the peninsular grizzly (Ursus arctos gyas) and the recently extinct California grizzly (U. a. californicus) and Mexican grizzly bear (U. a. nelsoni). Specialists sometimes call the grizzly the North American brown bear because the grizzly and the brown bear are one species on two continents.
 The Long-bearded Melidectes (Melidectes princeps) also known as the Long-bearded Honeyeater is a bird in the Honeyeater family.
 The Caatinga Horned Frog (Ceratophrys joazeirensis) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Arachnocoris trinitatis is a true bug species found in Trinidad West Indies. It is often found living in the webs of the pholcid spider Mesabolivar aurantiacus (Mello-Leitão 1930). It seems to prefer empty webs possibly utilizing them as a ready-made prey-capture device and possibly as a site for finding mates. A. trinitatis can be found in webs all year but is much less common during the dry season. About one quarter of M. aurantiacus webs contain at least one A.
 Paramphistomum cervi the type species of genus Paramphistomum is an parasitic flat worm belonging to the class Trematoda. It is a tiny fluke mostly parasitising livestock ruminants as well as some wild mammals. Uniquely unlike most parasites the adult worms are relatively harmless but it is the developing juveniles that cause serious disease called paramphistomiasis (or classically amphistomosis) especially in cattle and sheep.
 The summit rat (Rattus baluensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in Malaysia.The summit rat has a mutualistic relationship with a species of giant pitcher plant Nepenthes rajah. Like the treeshrew Tupaia montana it defecates into the plant's traps while visiting them to feed on sweet fruity secretions from glands on the pitcher lids.
 Lasiochernes cretonatus is a pseudoscorpion discovered in the late 1990s in the Souré cave in Crete.
 Thiotricha subocellea is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. Adults are whitish marked with grey and black. They are on wing from July to August.The larvae mainly feed on Origanum vulgare but occasionally also on other herbs. They feed on the seeds of their host plant from inside a case constructed from the calyxes. During growth the larva attaches further calyxes.
 Felis chaus chaus is a subspecies of the Jungle Cat.
 Mecyna asinalis sometimes known as the Madder Pearl is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in west and southern Europe including Ireland Britain the Iberian Peninsula France Germany Switzerland Italy Albania Croatia Greece and Sicily Sardinia Malta Madeira Corsica the Azores and the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 25–29 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.
 The Red-and-blue lory (Eos histrio) is an arboreal parrot endemic to Indonesia. It is classed as endangered as it is hunted for the pet trade and has lost much of its habitat due to habitat destruction. The Red-and-blue Lory is now confined to the Talaud Islands off northern Sulawesi Indonesia. Further populations some apparently introduced disappeared during the 20th century from Sangihe Siau and Tagulandang. The population is estimated at only 5000-10000 birds.
 Volvarina hennequini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Enhydris dussumieri commonly known as Dussumier's water snake is a species of mildly venomous rear-fanged colubrid snake endemic to South Asia.
 Carcelia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Clathurella pulicaris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Udea dryadopa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu and Maui.The larvae feed on Scaevola glabra. They feed between contiguous leaves in the crown of their host plant. They are about 20 mm long with the middle part of the body being somewhat thickened.
 Palelialia is an extinct genus of prehistoric nautiloid. The nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species.
 Euzophera formosella is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Rebel in 1910. It is found in Greece and Russia.
 The Spruce Carpet (Thera variata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe North Asia and Japan. The Common name Spruce Carpet is also used when referring to Thera britannica.The length of the forewings is 13–17 mm. The moth flies in two generations from mid April to mid October .The larva feed on spruce and other Pinophyta.
 Parusta is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Cassinoceras (Cassin Horn) is of the nautiloid genus belonging to the endocerid family Piloceratidae that comes from the late Early Ordovician of eastern North America and adjacent territories.(Teichert 1964)Cassinoceras is characterized by short laterally compressed rapidly expanding shells in which the upper dorsal surface has a convex curvature and diverges strongly from the essentially straight lower ventral surface.
 Ithycythara penelope is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Polazzodus is an extinct pycnodontid from the late Cretaceous (early Santonian) of the Polazzo locality of northeastern Italy. The paleoenvironment of Polazzo was a large marine carbonate platform and shallow internal lagoons formed from rudist reefs. P. coronatus is known from a large number of specimens many of which were very well preserved.The new genus Polazzodus was erected based on a number of autapomorphies that distinguished it from similar pycnodontid fish.
 The blue runner Caranx crysos (also known as the bluestripe jack Egyptian scad hardtail jack and hardnose) is a common species of moderately large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The blue runner is distributed across the Atlantic Ocean ranging from Brazil to Canada in the western Atlantic and from Angola to Great Britain including the Mediterranean in the east Atlantic.
 Sinezona subantarctica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusk in the family Scissurellidae the little slit shells.
 Calliostoma tigris common name the tiger maurea is a large species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae the calliostoma top snails.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Maurea).
 Lacronia is a genus of Pachylinae (Arachnida Opiliones Gonyleptidae) which includes four Brazilian species. A striking diagnostic character is the trochanter IV of male with strong medial prolateral apophysis forming a pincer with the dorso-apical apophysis of coxa IV. Two of these species present neon green stripes on the mesotergum (Kury 2003b) which is uncommon in this subfamily.
 The Extra Lascar (Pantoporia sandaka) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
 The Stripe-throated Hermit (Phaethornis striigularis) is a species of hummingbird from Central America and north-western South America. It is generally fairly common and considered Least Concern by BirdLife International.
 The superfamily Aplysioidea is a superfamily of mostly rather large sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Aplysiomorpha within the informal group Opisthobranchia.This superfamily contains only one family the Aplysiidae; the sea hares.
 Cadra corniculata is a species of snout moth in the genus Cadra. It was described by Horak in 1994. It is found in western Australia.The wingspan is 15-18 mm for males and 14-17 mm for females. Adults are light grey strongly sprinkled with white.
 Watervale (foaled 1908 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse of exceptional speed who set two track records in the United States and a national record in Canada.
 Pediasia steppicolellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Russia (Uralsk).The length of the forewings is 8-9 mm.
 Cyphomyrmex is a genus of fungus-growing ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Margariscus margarita the pearl dace is a species of cyprinid fish. It is demersal freshwater fish with a dark green back and silvery body. This species is omnivorous consuming algae as well as arthropods. M. margarita's range spans southern Canada and the northern United States. While not considered endangered at the federal level in the United States several states either consider this species endangered or threatened; it faces threats of habitat destruction and invasive species.
 Flabellina poenicia is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine heterobranchia mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 The estuarine perch (Sander marinus) also called sea pikeperch or sea zander is a species of fish in the Percidae family. It is found in Azerbaijan Bulgaria Iran Kazakhstan Moldova Romania Russia Turkmenistan and Ukraine.
 Oliva tigridella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Sleepytime (foaled 20 February 1994) is an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from September 1996 to April 1998 she ran six times and won two races. In two races as a two-year-old she won one race and finished third in the Group One Fillies' Mile at Ascot. On her three-year-old debut she was beaten in the Fred Darling Stakes at Newbury but then won the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse.
 Lipoptena depressa or the Western American deer ked is a fly from the family Hippoboscidae. They are blood-feeding parasites of the mule deer - Odocoileus hemionus in the western United States and Canada in the Rocky Mountains. They are often misidentified as ticks.The female fly will produce a single larva at a time retaining the larva internally until it is ready to pupate. The larva feeds on the secretions of a milk gland in the uterus of the female.
 Henricus hemitelius is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Baja California Norte).
 Guildfordia radians is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Sophronia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Telmatobiinae water frogs are a subfamily of frogs endemic to South America. Since 2011 it has usually been considered to be a family Telmatobiidae.Telmatobiinae was originally a large subfamily of leptodactylid frogs. The subfamily has since undergone extensive revision and most genera have been placed elsewhere. Their removal from the large and confusing Leptodactylidae family is based on genetic distinction.
 Lyclene kosterini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov and Bucsek in 2013. It is found in Cambodia.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm for males and 9.5-11.5 mm for females. The forewings are ochre-yellow with a brown pattern and the hindwings are light yellow with a greyish brown margin.
 Zaireichthys is a genus of loach catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Amphiliidae.
 Acrocercops lenticulata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Meghalaya and Assam India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922.
 Prorhinia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Andean Parakeet (Bolborhynchus orbygnesius) is a small 160 mm (6 in) parrot found in the upland wooded valleys of the central eastern Andes in Bolivia and Peru at elevations of 1500 m (4900 ft) to 5000 m (16400 ft). It is solid green darker above and lighter below with some blue visible on wings when flying. It has a pale bill and medium length tail. It is stockier and darker than the Mountain Parakeet.Most flocks are small but sometimes include over 300 individuals.
 Tetragonoderus toamasinae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Alluaud in 1896.
 Gambria is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Gambria bicolor (Chevrolat 1862) Gambria leucozona Bates 1880 Gambria nigripennis (Chevrolat 1862)↑
 Salarias is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Dalla steinhauseri is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Eupithecia conterminata is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found from Fennoscandia and the mountains of central Europe through the Caucasus to southern Siberia.The wingspan is 14–17 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing from the mid May to June.The larvae feed on Picea abies. Larvae can be found from the end of July to mid August. It overwinters as a pupa.
 Phalonidia parvana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).
 Aloa costalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in north-eastern Australia.
 Haliotis madaka is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Physea is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Physea breyeri Ogueta 1963 Physea hirta Leconte 1853 Physea latipes Schaum 1864 Physea setosa Chaudoir 1868 Physea testudinea (Klug 1834) Physea tomentosa Chaudoir 1854↑
 The Streak-backed Canastero (Asthenes wyatti) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Idioteuthis hjorti is a species of whip-lash squid.
 Camponotus nearcticus or smaller carpenter ant is a small black carpenter ant. The queen ant's size can range from 4 to 14 millimetres (0.16 to 0.55 in). Workers can range from 2 to 7.5 millimetres (0.08 to 0.30 in). It looks like Lasius niger the black garden ant. This species can be distinguished from other subgenus by little amounts of erect hairs on the gena limited erect hairs on the clypeal disc and finally by the color which is a concolorous dark brown-black.
 The Spotted Beet Webworm Moth (Hymenia perspectalis) is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in various parts of the world including North America where it is found from Maine to Florida west to Texas and north to Michigan and Ontario. It is also found in Belize Hong Kong Jamaica Australia (Queensland) the Comoros Equatorial Guinea La Réunion and South Africa.The wingspan is 16–22 mm. Adults are cinnamon-brown with narrow white bands on the forewings.
 Mordellistena falsoparvuliformis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1963 by Ermisch.
 Trypeta hamata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Pseudagrion lindicum is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Kenya Mozambique Somalia Tanzania and possibly Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Macropetalichthys is a genus of placoderm fish named by Norwood and Owen in 1846; the name Macropetalichthys means armour-plated fish. It was assigned to Arthrodira by Woodward (1891); and to Petalichthida by Sepkoski (2002). It contains a single species M. rapheidolabis. Range: Early Devonian of Europe China & Australia Characters: Like primitive Arthrodira.
 Yolina is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Yolina baerti Biström 1983 Yolina balfourbrownei Biström 1988 Yolina brincki (Omer-Cooper 1965) Yolina chopardi (Guignot 1950) Yolina elegantula (Boheman 1848) Yolina inopinata (Omer-Cooper 1955) Yolina insignis (Sharp 1882) Yolina kongouensis Bilardo & Rocchi 1999 Yolina libera Biström 1987 Yolina royi Biström 1983 Yolina sima (Omer-Cooper 1965) Yolina wewalkai Biström 1983↑
 Scoliacma xuthopis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia.
 Cleonymia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Black-crowned Sparrow-Lark (Eremopterix nigriceps) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is found in Burkina Faso Cape Verde Chad Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Ethiopia India Iran Iraq Israel and Palestine Jordan Kuwait Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Oman Pakistan Saudi Arabia Senegal Somalia Sudan United Arab Emirates and Yemen. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.The bird can have a length of 11.5-12.5 cm from bill to tail.
 The Tooth-billed Hummingbird (Androdon aequatorialis) is a species of bird from the family Trochilidae. It is monotypic within the genus Androdon. It is found in humid forests in western Colombia north-western Ecuador (south to Pichincha Province) and far eastern Panama (Darién Province).
 Illiniichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the late Moscovian stage of the Pennsylvanian epoch.
 Phigalia (moth) redirects here. The elachistid moth genus invalidly named thus by Chambers in 1880 is considered a junior synonym of Elachista.Apocheima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eupithecia mutata the Spruce Cone Looper or Cloaked Pug is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the northern Atlantic and New England states in North America. In Canada the range extends from Nova Scotia to northern Ontario.The wingspan is 17–22 mm.The larvae feed on seeds within the cones of spruce species.
 Turbonilla pagesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acodia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Scopula nipha is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The male has a wingspan of 21-23 mm. This species was described from a specimen collected at the Upemba National Park
 Agamids lizards of the family Agamidae include more than 300 species in Africa Asia Australia and a few in Southern Europe. Many species are commonly called dragons or dragon lizards.
 Orthogonius annamensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1965.
 Nudaurelia cytherea (Fabr. 1775) capensis (Cramer 1780) aka as the Pine Tree Emperor Moth or Christmas Caterpillar because of it festive colouration is a Southern African member of the Saturniidae family. The family has large edible caterpillars which are an important source of protein for the Bantu races of Southern Africa.
 Harpa major common name 	large harp or major harp is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusks in the family Harpidae the harp snails and their allies. The average adult reaches 3 1/2 inches and the shells have a ovate body with a heavily calloused spire. The columella or the lower portion of the inside coil has dark brown coloring.Harpa major Röding 1798 is considered as a synonym for Harpa davidis Röding 1798 in the World Register of Marine Species (2009).
 Raphitoma asperrima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cercyeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 The Streak-headed Honeyeater (Pycnopygius stictocephalus) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Caeciliidae is the family of common caecilians. They are found in Central and South America equatorial Africa and India. Like other caecilians they superficially resemble worms or snakes.Although they are the most diverse of the caecilian families the caeciliids do have a number of features in common that distinguish them from other caecilians.
 Tritonoturris amabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Slaty Flowerpiercer Diglossa plumbea is a passerine bird which is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama.This is a common bird in mountain forest canopy and edges and especially in sunlit clearings and areas with flowering shrubs which can include gardens. The lower altitudinal limit of its breeding range increases from 1200 m in the north of Costa Rica to 1900 m in the southern mountains.
 Gehyra georgpotthasti is a species of web-toed gecko found on several Melanesian islands.
 Gallacoccus is a genus of the scale insects commonly known as beesoniids. They typically cause galls on their plant hosts. Gallacoccus anthonyae is the type species. Female members of the genus Gallacoccus have only three instars in contrast to the other beesoniid genera where the females have four.
 Stensioella heintzi (Heintz's Little Stensio) is an enigmatic placoderm of arcane affinity. It is only known from the Lower Devonian Hunsrück slates of Germany where the only specimens have been found.
 The Black-headed Parrotbill (Psittiparus margaritae) is a bird species often placed with the Old World babblers (family Timaliidae) or in a distinct family Paradoxornithidae but it actually seems to belong to the Sylviidae.It is found in Cambodia and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Carposina gemmata is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Oahu and Hawaii.Larvae have been recorded on the buds and fruits of Clermontia and Cyanea species.
 The Hemlock Angle (Macaria fissinotata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to Georgia west to Kentucky north to Ontario.The wingspan is 22–25 mm. The moth flies from May to September and from May to July in Quebec.Its Latin name fissinotata is composed of the Latin word fissus (meaning cleaved or split) and notatus (mark).
 Xyronomys is an extinct genus of small mammals from the Paleocene of North America with two described species. The genus lies within the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and family Neoplagiaulacidae. The species Xyronomys swainae (J. K. Rigby 1980) was found in Torrejonian (Paleocene)-age strata of Swain Quarry in Wyoming United States. Represented by a couple of teeth this genus was originally assigned to Eucosmodontidae.
 Bascanichthys filaria is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Albert Günther in 1872. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from Irian Jaya Indonesia in the western central Pacific Ocean.
 Akodon aerosus also known as the Highland Grass Mouse or Yungas Akodont is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in the eastern Andes from eastern Ecuador through Peru into central Bolivia.
 The Blanford's Rosefinch or Crimson Rosefinch (Carpodacus rubescens) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in Bhutan China India and Nepal.Its natural habitat is boreal forests.Its common name commemorates the English zoologist William Thomas Blanford.
 The Double-crested Cormorant (Phalacrocorax auritus) is a member of the cormorant family of seabirds. It occurs along inland waterways as well as in coastal areas and is widely distributed across North America from the Aleutian Islands in Alaska down to Florida and Mexico. Measuring 70–90 cm (28–35 in) in length it is an all-black bird which gains a small double crest of black and white feathers in breeding season. It has a bare patch of orange-yellow facial skin.
 Rotoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Desmatochoerus is a large extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore of the family Merycoidodontidae subfamily Merycoidodontinae (an oreodont) endemic to North America during the middle Oligocene-Late Oligocene epochs (30.8—20.6 mya) existing for approximately 10.2 million years.
 Vexillum bizonale is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Lucerapex carola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Praeparasitus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Echinolittorina albicarinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Dactylopteryx orientalis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Dactylopteryx in the order Mantodea.
 Eilema suspecta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1960. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Maghreb garden dormouse (Eliomys munbyanus) is a nocturnal species of rodent in the Gliridae family. It is found in Algeria Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Morocco Tunisia and Western Sahara. Its natural habitats vary from humid forests to semi-deserts.
 Delphacidae is a family of planthoppers containing about 2000 species distributed worldwide. Delphacids are separated from other hoppers by the prominent spur on the tibia of the hindleg. All species are phytophagous many occurring on various grasses and some are important vectors for cereal pathogens. The brown planthopper Nilaparvata lugens (Stål) is an example.
 Paratorna is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Amalda obtusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Henkel's Leaf-tailed Gecko (Uroplatus henkeli) is a gecko that is found on the island Nosy Bé near Madagascar as well as on the mainland Madagascar itself in the region of Ankaranafantsika. These geckos live an arboreal lifestyle often venturing down to the ground only to lay eggs in soft soil and leaflitter.
 Mandrillus is the genus of the mandrill and its close relative the drill. These two species are closely related to the baboons and until recently were lumped together as a single species of baboon. Both Mandrillus species have long furrows on either side of their elongated snouts. The adult male mandrill's furrows are blue while the furrows of the drill are black. Both species are terrestrial living on the ground of the rainforests and occasionally grasslands of Central Africa.
 Sassia garrardi is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Conus memiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Laornis is a genus of a prehistoric neornithine birds known only from Specimen YPM 820 a single tibiotarsus leg bone discovered in the late 19th century. Consequently the genus is monotypic containing only the species Laornis edvardsianus. Regarding its scientific name Laornis means stone bird from Ancient Greek lao stone + ornis bird.
 Thitarodes markamensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Yang in 1992 and is known from the Tibet Autonomous Region in China.
 The Grape Plume Moth (Nippoptilia vitis) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu Tsushima) Korea Taiwan China and Thailand.The wingspan is about 11 millimetres (0.43 in) and the length of the forewings is 7–8 millimetres (0.28–0.31 in).The larvae feed on Ampelopsis brevipedunculata Cayratia japonica Parthenocissus tricuspidata Vitis thunbergii and Vitis vinifera. They feed on the flowers leaves of their host plants.
 Dorcasina matthewsii is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1869.
 Coccinella leonina common name orange-spotted ladybird is a species of ladybird native to New Zealand. It is black with 16 orange spots and is about 5–6 mm long. It is present from to subalpine habitats down to sea level. It is a predator which specializes on aphids as an adult and larva which it hunts in grass/spear grass/tussock. A very similar and closely related undescribed species occurs only on the Three Kings Islands.
 Pilus conicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudococculinidae.
 The Delturinae are a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae including two genera Delturus and Hemipsilichthys. This group is sister to all other loricariids except Lithogenes.
 Monocoptopera is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 A quail-thrush is a bird of the genus Cinclosoma which contains five species. Quail-thrushes are in a different family from quails and thrushes though they have characteristics of both. The genus is found in Australia and New Guinea in a variety of habitats ranging from rainforest to deserts. The genus is closely related to the jewel-babblers of New Guinea. Seven species are currently recognised.
 Metaphidippus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Dryadopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Asthena octomacularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Korea and Japan and China.
 Flat-backed spider tortoise (Pyxis planicauda) more commonly known as the flat-tailed tortoise is a turtle that belongs to the testudinidae family. The various common names for this small tortoise usually refer to the noticeably flattened nature of its oblong upper-shell or its tail.The flat-backed spider tortoise is endemic to the west coast of Madagascar between the Monrondava and Tsiribihina rivers.
 The Red-chested Goshawk (Accipiter toussenelii) is a hawk of West Africa. It is often considered conspecific with the African Goshawk.
 Callambulyx sichangensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China.
 Zophodia substituta is a species of snout moth in the genus Zophodia. It was described by Heinrich in 1939. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 36 mm. The forewings are light brown and the hindwings are white with a smoky suffusion.The larvae feed on Cylindropuntia and possibly Echinopsis species. They feed in the stem of their host plant. They are solitary feeders in the terminal segments of the host plant where they hollow out a large cell. The larvae are green-blue.
 The Black-faced Coucal (Centropus melanops) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Brunia ekeikei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in New Guinea.
 Oraristix brea the Brea Owl is the an extinct owl reported from the upper Pleistocene asphalt deposits of Rancho La Brea Los Angeles California. It was first described in 1933 by Hildegarde Howard as Strix brea but this extinct owl was recently placed into its own genus by Campbell and Bocheński (2010). The Brea Owl has also been found in the upper Pleistocene asphalt deposits of Carpinteria California.
 Paraclemensia oligospina is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu Kyushu).The wingspan is 10-11.5 mm for males and 9.5 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown with a dark green lustre. Adults have been observed flying around the flowers of Quercus serrata and are thought to feed on the flower nectar.The larvae feed on Castanea crenata. They create an irregular rectangular case.
 Anacanthobatis is a genus of smooth skates native to the Indian Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
 The mandarin dogfish Cirrhigaleus barbifer is a dogfish a member of the family Squalidae in the order Squaliformes. It is found at depths of 140–650 metres (460–2130 ft) off southern Japan Taiwan and Indonesia (Bali and Lombok). Populations off Australia and New Zealand were formerly included in this species but in 2007 these were assigned to a new species C. australis.
 Malvinella buddeae is a species of trilobite which lived in La Paz Bolivia during the Devonian period.
 Dizoniopsis herosae is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Geritola subargentea the Silvery Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. Its habitat is the forest.
 Zodarion aculeatum is a spider species found in Bulgaria Romania Serbia and Macedonia.
 Symphyta is a genus of moths in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The orange-footed pimpleback mussel or orangefoot pimpleback scientific name Plethobasus cooperianus is a rare species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. This aquatic bivalve mollusk is native to the Tennessee Cumberland and lower Ohio Rivers in the United States where its distribution has declined over 70%.This rounded mussel grows up to 9.5 centimeters long by 7.8 wide by 4.6 high.
 Ehirava fluviatilis the Malabar sprat is a species of fish endemic to the rivers and coastal lagoons and estuaries of southern India and Sri Lanka. It is the only recognized species in its genus.
 Scarabaeus satyrus is one of the Old World dung beetle species. These beetles roll a ball of dung for some distance from where it was deposited and bury it excavating an underground chamber to house it. An egg is then laid in the ball the growing larva feeding on the dung pupating and eventually emerging as an adult.
 Uca vocans is a species of fiddler crab. It is found across the Indo-Pacific from the Red Sea Zanzibar and Madagascar to Indonesia and the central Pacific Ocean. It lives in burrows up to 50 centimetres (20 in) deep. Several forms of U. vocans have been recognised with their authors often granting them the taxonomic rank of full species or subspecies.
 Anopina wellingi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Oaxaca).
 Coleophora arenifera is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Kazakhstan.The larvae feed on Artemisia terrae-albae. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Orthogonius capucinus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Boheman in 1848.
 The Blackfin poacher (Bathyagonus nigripinnis also known as the Blackfin starsnout poacher in the United States) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1890. It is a marine boreal water-dwelling fish which is known from the northern Pacific Ocean including Komandorski Island and Avachin Bay in Russia St. Mathew Island in the Bering Sea and Eureka California USA.
 Toreulia placita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 17-18.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale cinnamon suffused with white near a white line and in the terminal part. There is brownish strigulation as well as rusty brown markings. The hindwings are brownish white but whitish basally and strigulated with greyish brown.
 Motuweta is a genus consisting of two species of tusked weta in the family Anostostomatidae endemic to New Zealand.
 The White-eared Catbird (Ailuroedus buccoides) is a species of bird in the Ptilonorhynchidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Projapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Projapygidae.
 Microphallus turgidus is a widespread and locally common undescribed flatworm parasite in New Zealand lakes and streams. Multilocus allozyme genotype data show that Microphallus turgidus is a single outbred species with high levels of gene flow among South Island populations. Microphallus turgidus is commonly found in the abdominal muscles of grass shrimp.
 Acromantinae is a subfamily of the mantis family Hymenopodidae which contains one tribe Acromantini and 18 genera.
 The Glossy Swiftlet (Collocalia esculenta) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Australia Brunei Christmas Island India Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar New Caledonia Papua New Guinea the Philippines Singapore Andaman Islands Solomon Islands Thailand and Vanuatu.
 The rough-scaled snake (Tropidechis carinatus) is a highly venomous Australian elapid. The animal's name comes from its scales that are raised above the surrounding scales and have rough texture. The scales are known as keels.
 Coenagrion is a genus of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae commonly called the Eurasian Bluets (although three species are found in North America C. angulatum C. interrogatum and C. resolutum).
 Ommatospila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Erato voluta is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Strioterebrum paucincisum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Melanostoma mellinum is a very common species of hoverfly found in many parts of Britain Europe North Africa Asia and North America. A small species the wingspan range recorded is between 4.75 and 7 mm. Very similar to Platycheirus and other Melanostoma species but with close inspection of some finer details can be identified with certainty. Adult males closely resemble Platycheirus clypeatus but lack the flattening or broadening of the front legs characteristic of most Platycheirus males.
 Nebulosa is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Alloblennius pictus is a species of combtooth blenny (family Blenniidae). Lotan originally placed this species in the genus Rhabdoblennius. It is found in the northwestern Indian Ocean. Blennies in this species are oviparous. They can reach a maximum standard length of 2.6 centimetres (1.02 inches).
 Scopula traducta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Burma.
 Eulimella siamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hypsibarbus wetmorei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypsibarbus. It is native to rivers and streams in Mainland Southeast Asia.
 Parpholema is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Japanese eel Anguilla japonica is a species of anguillid eel found in Japan Korea China Taiwan and Vietnam as well as the northern Philippines. Like all the eels of the genus Anguilla and the family Anguillidae it is catadromous meaning it spawns in the sea but lives parts of its life in freshwater. The spawning area of this species is in the North Equatorial Current in the western North Pacific to the west of the Mariana Islands.
 Karstarma is a genus of karst-dwelling crabs formerly included in Sesarmoides.
 The Salvin's Curassow (Mitu salvini) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.A prized game bird the Salvin's curassow is declining throughout the human-inhabited areas of its range which also includes Colombia and eastern Ecuador. But the turkey-size bird seems to be doing well in areas without hunting pressures.[citation needed]
 Macrogastra badia is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
 Archaebalaenoptera is a genus of extinct rorqual from the Pliocene (Piacenzian) of northern Italy. Its type species is A. castriarquati.
 The Bean Leafskeletonizer (Autoplusia egena) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California North Carolina to the South-eastern parts of the United States the Antilles Mexico Central America and South America. The subspecies Autoplusia egena galapagensis is endemic to the Galapagos islands.The larvae feed on Amaryllidaceae Apiaceae Asteraceae Boraginaceae Brassicaceae Fabaceae Lamiaceae Malvaceae Ranunculaceae Glycine max and Phaseolus vulgaris.
 Theridiidae is a large family of spiders also known as the tangle-web spiders cobweb spiders and comb-footed spiders. The diverse family includes over 2200 species in over 100 genera) of three-dimensional space-web-builders found throughout the world.
 Glyphipterix dolichophyses is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in China.
 Ectoedemia arisi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1984. It is known from the Russian Far East and Japan.
 Udea uliginosalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Great Britain Spain France Germany Switzerland Austria Slovenia Slovakia Poland Romania Bulgaria Serbia and Montenegro Albania and the Republic of Macedonia.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The forewings are dull ash-coloured with a pale spot behind the middle. The hindwings are paler or whitish with an ashy border on the hindmargin.
 The saddled madtom (Noturus fasciatus) is a rare freshwater fish native to the U.S. state of Tennessee. It was first described as a species separate from Noturus crypticus in 2005. It is restricted to the Duck River system and is also found in two minor tributaries on the lower section of the Tennessee River. This species dwells in small to medium sized streams where they can be found under gravel rubble and slab rock. They feed mostly on insects such as: stone cattus and mayfly larvy.
 Epicolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Epicolpodes amydrus Basilewsky 1985 Epicolpodes benschi (Alluaud 1909) Epicolpodes juratulus Basilewsky 1985 Epicolpodes perviridis Basilewsky 1985 Epicolpodes sikorai (Alluaud 1897) Epicolpodes tanala (Alluaud 1909)↑
 The King Penguin (Aptenodytes patagonicus) is the second largest species of penguin at 70 to 100 cm tall and weighs 11 to 16 kg (24 to 35 lb). In size it is second only to the Emperor Penguin. There are two subspecies—A. p. patagonicus and A. p. halli; patagonicus is found in the South Atlantic and halli elsewhere.King Penguins eat small fish mainly lanternfish and squid and rely less than most Southern Ocean predators on krill and other crustaceans.
 Eois expressaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Honduras.
 Ichneutica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Odostomia deceptrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Johnrandallia nigrirostris the blacknosed butterflyfish or barberfish (from the Spanish names El Barbero or Mariposa Barbero the barber or butterfly barber) is a species of fish in the family Chaetodontidae the butterfly fishes. It is found in the East Pacific and it sometimes acts as a cleaner fish. It is the only member of the genus Johnrandallia named after the ichthyologist John E. Randall but in the past it was commonly placed in Chaetodon.
 The Veronicellidae common name the leatherleaf slugs are a terrestrial family of pulmonate slugs.This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).The herbivorous molluscs occur mainly in the tropical and subtropical areas of America Asia and Africa.They act as intermediate hosts of the rat lung worm Angiostrongylus costaricensis and act as a vector for other human diseases.[citation needed] They also cause significant damage to crops.
 Liptena undularis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mayumbe Mongala Uele Tshopo Kinshasa Kasai Lulua Sankuru Lualaba Tanganika and Maniema) and Angola.
 Yirrkala chaselingi is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Gilbert Percy Whitley in 1940.
 Merycondontinae is a subfamily of pronghorn that arose during the middle of the Miocene and became extinct by the end of that period. The Merycondontinae were small slightly built fast-running ungulates. Both males and females were horned.
 Malgassesia ankaratralis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Macrurocyttus acanthopodus the Dwarf Dory is a species of tinselfish native to the western Pacific Ocean where it has been found in the waters around the Philippines and Australia at a depth of around 878 metres (2881 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Samoana diaphana one of several species also known as the Moorean viviparous tree snail or the Polynesian tree snail is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
 The Loammi Skipper or Southern Dusted Skipper (Atrytonopsis loammi) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found on barrier islands in North Carolina and from South Carolina to Florida and Mississippi.Some authors consider it to be a subspecies of Atrytonopsis hianna.The wingspan is about 32 mm. Adults are on wing from early April to mid May and mid July to late August.The larvae feed on Schizachyrium littorale.
 Ogygioses is a genus of moths of the Palaeosetidae family.
 Costoanachis similis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Fissurella bravensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 For the ancient individual see Megaleas of MacedonMegaleas is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Lear's Macaw (Anodorhynchus leari) also known as the Indigo Macaw is a large all-blue Brazilian parrot a member of a large group of Neotropical parrots known as macaws. It was first described by Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1856. The Lear's Macaw is 70–75 cm (28–30 in) long and weighs around 950 g (2.09 lb).
 Warkalania is an extinct genus of Australian meiolaniid turtle. It is unique among this group in having small low ridges instead of long horns.
 Zonites anaphiensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Zonitidae. This species is endemic to Greece.
 The Reynoldsiellini are a tribe of beetles in the family Mordellidae.
 The Cinnamon Hummingbird (Amazilia rutila) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found from northwestern Mexico to Costa Rica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Postplatyptilia boletus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Peru.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing in October.
 Anastreblotis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Partulina perdix is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Bacula morisyuichiroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of three other species known to exist within this genus of gastropods the other species are Bacula lamberti and Bacula striolata.
 Erronea caurica common name the thick-edged cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Turbo acutangulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Eupogonesthes xenicus the Exotic snaggletooth is a species of barbeled dragonfish found in the eastern Indian Ocean. This species grows to a length of 11.4 centimetres (4.5 in) SL. This species is the only known species in its genus.
 Tudorella sulcata is a species of land snail which has an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.
 Wimmer's shrew (Crocidura wimmeri) is a white-toothed shrew found only in Côte d'Ivoire. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
 Hymenomima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Labigastera forcipata is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Coloraderpeton is an extinct genus of aïstopod lepospondyl within the family Oestocephalidae.
 Barylambda is an extinct genus of pantodont mammal from the middle to late Paleocene well known from several finds in North America. Three species of Barylambda are currently recognised. The creature likely lived a life similar of that of a modern tapir browsing on foliage and soft vegetation. Barylambda seems to have been quite successful for an early pantodont though eventually it seems to have been replaced in its ecosystem by other pantodonts such as Coryphodon.
 Xenacanthidae is a family of prehistoric sharks in the order Xenacanthida.
 Caecum multicostatum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Trochocercus is a genus of bird in the Monarchidae family. It contains the following species: Blue-mantled Crested Flycatcher (Trochocercus cyanomelas) Blue-headed Crested Flycatcher (Trochocercus nitens)
 Hellinsia varioides is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The wingspan is 20-24 mm. The forewings are unicolorous pale greyish white. The costaledge in the basal half is (at times) narrowly brownish. The hindwings are pale greyishwith faintly smoky fringes.
 Acanthomyops subglaber is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthomyops genus. Described in 1893 by Emery the species is native to the United States and Canada.
 Peripsocus milleri is a species of Psocoptera from Peripsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. They can also be found on Azores and Canary Islands Belgium Croatia France Italy and Spain. The species are brown coloured.
 Eumorpha drucei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador.The length of the forewings is about 40 mm. The upperside of the body is similar to Eumorpha analis but the ground colour is deeper olive green. There is a narrower pale dorsal line on the abdomen as well as larger and darker patches. The hindwing upperside inner margin is pink with a black discal spot.The larvae probably feed on grape or vine species.
 Austrotrachyceras is a genus belonging to the extinct subclass of cephalopods known as ammonites. Specifically it belongs in the order Ceratitida.The family to which Austrotrachyceras belongs the Trachyceratidae has more or less involute highly ornamented shells and ceratitic to ammonitic sutures.
 Vexillum epiphanea is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Acrolophus gigantea is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Olivella lindae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.This is a nomen nudum.
 Sympis rufibasis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics east to New Guinea the Solomons and Queensland.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Dimocarpus Litchi and Nephelium species.
 Pupillaea aperta common name the mantled keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Gastrotheca argenteovirens is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Miraclathurella kleinrosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Ornate Burrowing Frog (Platyplectrum ornatum) formerly (Opisthodon ornatus and Limnodynastes ornatus) is a species of ground frog native to Australia. It was moved to the genus Opisthodon in 2006 following a major revision of amphibians and is now classified in the genus Platyplectrum [1].
 The Atlantic blue marlin (Makaira nigricans) is a species of marlin endemic to the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic blue marlin (hereafter marlin) feeds on a wide variety of organisms near the surface. It uses its bill to stun injure or kill while knifing through a school of fish or other prey then returns to eat the injured or stunned fish. Marlin is a popular game fish.
 Glossodoris cincta is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 †Anozygidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.
 Redigobius bikolanus the Speckled goby is a species of goby native to marine fresh and brackish waters along the coasts of Asia from Japan to Australia out to the Pacific islands of New Caledonia and Vanuatu and along the coast of South Africa and the Seychelles. This species inhabits streams creeks and estuaries often being found upstream beyond the tidal zones of rivers. This fish can reach a length of 4.2 centimetres (1.7 in) SL.
 Alosa vistonica is a species of freshwater fish in the Clupeidae family. It is endemic to Lake Vistonida in Greece. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Peribaea is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Eupithecia sardoa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North Africa and on Corsica and Sardinia. It was recently recorded from the Parco Naturale della Maremma in Italy.
 Acteonella is a genus of extinct sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the extinct family Acteonellidae.The genus is known from the Cretaceous period.
 Corynocera is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Cardioglossa gracilis is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria and possibly Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The White-winged Potoo (Nyctibius leucopterus) is a species of bird in the Nyctibiidae family the Potoos.It is found in Roraima and Amazonas Brazil and Guyana in the Amazon Basin; also localised populations in Peru and French Guiana.White-winged Potoo's natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Sternocera pulchra is a beetle species found in Tanzania.
 Epitolina larseni Larsen’s Epitolina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of forests.
 Plicagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Plicagonum fulvum Darlington 1952 Plicagonum kaindi Darlington 1971 Plicagonum rugifrons Darlington 1952↑
 Glyphipterix leucophragma is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from Angola.
 Lecithocera praeses is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in northern India.
 The São Tomé Spinetail (Zoonavena thomensis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Lyncina leucodon is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The Panamanian night monkey or Chocoan night monkey (Aotus zonalis) is a species of night monkey formerly considered a subspecies of the gray-bellied night monkey of the family Aotidae. Its range consists of Panama and the Chocó region of Colombia. There are also unconfirmed reports of its occurrence in Costa Rica especially on the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica.
 Cobitis strumicae is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family.It is found in Bulgaria and Greece.
 Clavocerithium taeniatum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Copelatus ferus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1953.
 Anerastia stramineipennis is a species of snout moths in the genus Anerastia. It was described by Strand in 1919. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Paignton Snout (Hypena obesalis) is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is ca. 40 mm. The moth flies in from June onwards.The larvae feed on nettle.
 Zatrephes novicia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1921. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Amata magrettii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1937. It is found in Eritrea.
 Scopula crassipuncta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola.
 Geodia is a genus of sea sponge belonging to the family Geodiidae. It is the type genus of its taxonomic family.This genus is characterized by a high density of siliceous spicules. Members of this genus are known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
 Emporia melanobasis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emporia. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from South Africa.
 Chrysallida vignali is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Penicillifera tamsi is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Vietnam.
 Eupoecilia sumatrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 Mordellistena xanthocephala is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Blair in 1922.
 Xystreurys is a genus of large-tooth flounders with one species X. liolepis found along the Pacific coast of North America from Monterey Bay California to the Gulf of California and the other X. rasile found along the Atlantic coast of South America from Rio de Janeiro Brazil to the southern tip of Argentina.
 The East African spiny-tailed lizard (Cordylus tropidosternum common name: dwarf sungazer) also known as the tropical girdled lizard is an arboreal or rupicolous (rock-dwelling) lizard found in dry forests of East Africa. They range from the southern coast of Kenya to eastern Zimbabwe and central Mozambique. It is a diurnal. They lay down fat reserves in preparation for the dry season.
 Pusiola hemiphaea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1909. It is found in Togo and Uganda.
 Mascelia ectophoea is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Mascelia. It was described by Hampson in 1908. It is found in Sri Lanka and in India.This species has a wingspan of 18mm.
 The golden monkey (Cercopithecus kandti) is a species of Old World monkey found in the Virunga volcanic mountains of Central Africa including four national parks: Mgahinga in south-west Uganda; Volcanoes in north-west Rwanda; and Virunga and Kahuzi-Biéga in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Ashibusa jezoensis is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Japan Taiwan and on the KurilesThe wingspan is about 15 mm.
 Tripelta is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Microdes quadristrigata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 Adontosternarchus is a genus of ghost knifefishes found in tropical South America.
 Neocancilla circula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Fusceulima castanea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Parablennius pilicornis the Ringneck blenny is a species of combtooth blenny widespread in coastal waters of Eastern Atlantic from Spain and Portugal to Möwe Bay Namibia in the Mediterranean Sea from Morocco Algeria Spain. In the Southwest Atlantic it is found near Brazil and Patagonia Argentina. Also in Western Indian Ocean from Natal to Knysna in South Africa. This species reaches a length of 12.7 centimetres (5.0 in) SL.
 The Cacao Moth Tobacco Moth or Warehouse Moth (Ephestia elutella) is a small moth of the family Pyralidae. It is probably native to in Europe but has been transported widely even to Australia. A subspecies is E. e. pterogrisella.The wingspan is 14–20 mm. This moth flies throughout the warmer months e.g.
 Solifugae is an order of animals in the class Arachnida. They are known variously as camel spiders wind scorpions sun spiders or solifuges. The order includes more than 1000 described species in about 153 genera. Much like a spider the body of a Solifugid has two tagmata: an opisthosoma (abdomen) behind the prosoma (that is in effect a combined head and thorax). At the front end the prosoma bears two chelicerae that in most species are conspicuously large.
 The red panda (Ailurus fulgens) also called lesser panda and red cat-bear is a small arboreal mammal native to the eastern Himalayas and southwestern China that has been classified as Vulnerable by IUCN as its wild population is estimated at less than 10000 mature individuals.
 Bassarona is a genus of brush-footed butterflies found in India and Southeast Asia.
 Mordella communis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1878.
 Bastilla cuneilineata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Caledonia the Loyalty Islands and Vanuatu.
 The Typhlopidae are a family of blind snakes. They are found mostly in the tropical regions of Africa Asia the Americas and all mainland Australia and various islands. The rostral scale overhangs the mouth to form a shovel-like burrowing structure. They live underground in burrows and since they have no use for vision their eyes are mostly vestigial. They have light-detecting black eye spots and teeth occur in the upper jaw. The tail ends with a horn-like scale.
 Melanoxanthus Eschscholtz 1829 is a genus of beetles.
 Pachytrechodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pachytrechodes basilewskyi Jeannel 1960 Pachytrechodes leleupi Ueno 1987 Pachytrechodes uncinatus Ueno 1987↑
 Cynodonichthys elegans is a fish species in the genus Cynodonichthys found in Colombia.
 Fusinus undatus common name Legrand's/Wavy Spindle is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Dentistyla dentifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Catopyla is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Bradley in 1968 and is known from Nigeria. It contains the species C. dysorphnaea.The larvae feed on maize Khaya ivorensis and Lovoa trichilioides. At first they feed within individual seeds but then move from fruit to fruit.
 Ophiusa arfaki is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Ochrodota pronapides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama Surinam Ecuador and Amazonas.
 The Ancient Murrelet (Synthliboramphus antiquus) is a bird in the auk family. It breeds from the Yellow Sea (islands off China) through the Russian Pacific coast and the Aleutian Islands to the Haida Gwaii archipelago of British Columbia where about half of the world population breeds.These birds breed in colonies their two eggs (sometimes one) are laid in burrows excavated in forest soil among tree roots under logs or in grass tussocks occasionally in rock crevices.
 Tarachodes davidi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Pusula candida is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Lacinipolia parvula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Florida and on Cuba and Puerto Rico.The wingspan is 23-26 mm.
 Nyctemera kiauensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Ophichthus asakusae is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan and John Otterbein Snyder in 1901.
 Acrobasis celticola is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Staudinger 1879. It is found in Asia Minor.
 Carpenter's Anole Norops carpenteri Echelle Echelle and Fitch 1971 (as Anolis carpenteri) is a small green lizard with an orange dewlap and smooth ventrals found in the Rio Reventazón Turrialba Cartago Province Costa Rica. Carpenter's anole prefers relatively open habitat in the lowland interface between land and watercourses and is adapted for climbing on lichen-covered rocks tree trunks and shrubs.
 The red imported fire ant (Solenopsis invicta) or simply RIFA is one of over 280 species in the widespread genus Solenopsis. Although the red imported fire ant is native to South America it has become a pest in the southern United States Australia the Caribbean Thailand Taiwan the Philippines Hong Kong the southern Chinese provinces of Guangdong Guangxi and Fujian and Macau RIFAs are known to give a painful persistently irritating sting that often leaves a pustule on the skin.
 Clanis schwartzi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from central and southern China to northern Laos and northern Vietnam.
 Crimona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Odostomia kreffti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Poliopastea mirabilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1917. It is found in Colombia.
 The Mauritian Friar (Amauris phoedon) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Mauritius.Adults have been recorded imbibing exudations from the ends of broken branches of Tournefortia argentea lying on the ground presumably for the pyrollizidine alkaloids that may be present in the exudations.The larvae feed on Tylophora asthmatica.
 Araucnephioides is a genus of black flies from Chile. There is only one known species.
 Chloroclystis polygraphata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Schinia subspinosae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is in North America including and possibly limited to Florida.
 The Yungas Dove (Leptotila megalura) also known as the White-faced Dove or Large-tailed Dove is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.
 Ophichthus tomioi is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 2010.
 The Makira Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus makirensis) also known as the San Cristobal Leaf-warbler is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family. It is found only in Solomon Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Kongsrudia mutata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The moose (North America) or Eurasian elk (Europe) (Alces alces) is the largest extant species in the deer family. Moose are distinguished by the palmate antlers of the males; other members of the family have antlers with a dendritic (twig-like) configuration. Moose typically inhabit boreal and mixed deciduous forests of the Northern Hemisphere in temperate to subarctic climates. Moose used to have a much wider range but hunting and other human activities greatly reduced it over the years.
 Seticosta charagma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Sao Paulo).
 Anatrophon is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mesoplodon hotaula is a species of beaked whale.
 Curitiba brunni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Curitiba.
 Brissus gigas is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissus gigas was first scientifically described in 1947 by H.B. Fell.
 Daedalochila hippocrepis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.This species is endemic to the state of Texas in the United States. The diameter of the adult shell is about 1 cm (0.4 in).
 Oreonebria raetzeri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France and Switzerland.
 Laevilitorina claviformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Cotta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Myoleja rhino is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae.
 Zabrus deflexicollis is a species of ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Morocco.
 Paraleptamphopus is a genus of amphipods in the family Paraleptamphopidae endemic to New Zealand. The first species to be described was Calliope subterraneus (now Paraleptamphopus subterraneus) which was named by Charles Chilton in 1882. George M. Thomson described a second species in 1885 as Pherusa coerulea (now Paraleptamphopus caeruleus). Although no other species have yet been formally described it is thought that many more undescribed species exist.
 Ranularia trilineata common name : the Three-lined Triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Orthetrum brunneum the Southern Skimmer is a species of 'skimmers' belonging to the family Libellulidae. This 'skimmer' is present in most of Europe. The adults grow up to 40–45 millimetres (1.6–1.8 in) long. Their dimensions on average are larger than in Orthetrum coerulescens. They can be encountered from mid June through late August in the immediate vicinity of quiet rivers or close to stagnant and shallow waters lying on a well sunny ground.
 Micrulia gyroducta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Louisiade Archipelago Rennell Island and Mefor Island.
 Bactrocythara labiosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Acanthotetilla celebensis is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Tetillidae. It is only known from a single specimen collected at a depth of 14 m off Bunaken Island north Sulawesi Indonesia.This firm yellow sponge is roughly hemispherical and around 12 cm across. Like other Acanthotetilla species it is characterized by the presence of distinctive spiny spicules called megacanthoxeas.
 Clionella gravis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Kassina lamottei is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast possibly Guinea and possibly Liberia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.These frogs have short hind limbs and tend to crawl sluggishly rather than jump. When threatened the frog bends its back and put its head between its arms which together with the legs are held close to the body.
 The White-bellied Dacnis (Dacnis albiventris) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Allotinus fallax is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Asia.
 Stemmatophora rungsi is a species of snout moth. It is found in Portugal.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Isoparce is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 The Southern Pochard (Netta erythrophthalma) is a duck.There are two subspecies the South American (Southern) Pochard N. e. erythrophthalma (Wied-Neuwied 1833) and the African (Southern) Pochard N. e. brunnea (Eyton 1838).The South American Pochard has a fragmented range and is found from Colombia Venezuela Brazil Ecuador Peru Bolivia and Argentina to Chile.
 Dalpiazella brevicauda is an extinct prehistoric eel from the Lutetian of the Monte Bolca lagerstatten. D. brevicauda and Paranguilla tigrina constitute the family Paranguilla.
 Apotomops is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Lecithocera altusana is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 15-15.5 mm. The forewings are relatively broad and even broader towards the termen. The ground color is yellowish brown scattered with brown scales. There are two well defined dark discal spots the distal one being much larger and elongated vertically. A dark brown line runs along the termen. The hindwings are slightly broader than the forewings.
 Togepsyllinae is a bug subfamily of jumping plant-lice in the family Aphalaridae.
 Curtimorda bisignata is a species of beetle in the Curtimorda genus. It was described in 1849.
 Ectoedemia contorta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from the Czech Republic and Slovakia to Spain Italy and Greece.The wingspan is 4.6-5.6 mm. Adults are on wing in autumn. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine resembles that of Ectoedemia albifasciella.
 Hewitsonia boisduvalii the Large Tiger Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of primary and secondary forests with a closed canopy.
 Chersomorpha taospila is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on New Ireland.
 Engystomops is a genus of frogs in the family Leptodactylidae. They are known commonly as foam frogs or túngara frogs though the latter name most commonly refers to Engystomops pustulosus. They are native to the Americas from Mexico south to the Amazon Basin.This genus was maintained on its own until 1970 when it was merged into Physalaemus a genus of similar frogs.
 Conus vexillum common name the vexillum cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Ramnogaster is a small genus of sprats found only in South America. There are currently two species in this genus.
 Microcercis is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Hyposidra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pantolambda is an extinct genus of Paleocene pantodont mammal. Pantolambda lived during the middle Paleocene and has been found both in Asia and North America.Cretaceous mammals which had to compete with dinosaurs were generally small insect eaters. Pantolambda was one of the first mammals to expand into the large-animal niches left vacant by the extinction of the dinosaurs. Pantolambda and other early pantodonts would quickly evolve into heavy animals such as Barylambda and Coryphodon.
 Euprenolepis zeta is a Southeast Asian species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 Metahapalodectes makhchinus is an extinct mesonychian hapalodectid. The species was named by Dashzeveg.
 The California spiny lobster Panulirus interruptus is a species of spiny lobster found in the eastern Pacific Ocean from Monterey Bay California to the Gulf of Tehuantepec Mexico. It typically grows to a length of 30 cm (12 in) and is a reddish-brown color with stripes along the legs and has a pair of enlarged antennae but no claws.
 Proneptunea is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Peropteryx is a genus of 5 species of bat in the family Emballonuridae namely:Greater Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx kappleri)White-winged Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx leucoptera)Lesser Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx macrotis)Pale-winged Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx pallidoptera) Trinidad Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx trinitatis)↑ ↑
 Osornophryne (Plump Toads) is a genus of true toads endemic to Colombia and Ecuador at Cordillera Central region.
 Vexillum rusticum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Bateleur (Terathopius ecaudatus) is a medium-sized eagle in the family Accipitridae. Its closest relatives are the snake eagles. It is the only member of the genus Terathopius and may be the origin of the Zimbabwe bird national emblem of Zimbabwe. It is endemic to Africa and small parts of Arabia. Bateleur is French for Street Performer.
 Synalocha is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Anopinella porrasa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the fore wings is about 9.2 mm.
 Prionothelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the single species Prionothelphusa eliasi. It lives in Colombia Venezuela and Brazil in the drainages of the Rio Negro river draining the Guyana Shield and is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
 Polymastia is a genus of sponges (Porifera) containing about 30 species. These are small to large encrusting or dome-shaped sponges with a smooth surface having many teat-shaped projections (papillae). In areas of strong wave action this genus does not grow the teat structures but instead grows in a corrugated form.The image depicts Polymastia pachymastia often called aggregated nipple sponge a species found off the coast of northern California.Its species include:
 Symmoca dodecatella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Portugal and Spain.The wingspan is about 18–19 mm. The forewings are grey sprinkled with black mainly along the margin. The hindwings are grey.
 Monostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Philippine Butterflyfish Chaetodon adiergastos is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the western Pacific from the Ryukyu Islands and Taiwan to Java and northwestern Australia.It grows to a maximum length of 20 cm (nearly 8 in). The body is white with diagonal brown stripes on the sides. The dorsal caudal anal and pelvic fins are yellow.
 Zopherus is a genus of beetles comprising 19 species. They live in the Americas and are adapted to wood-boring. Some species are used as living brooches.
 Aceratoneuromyia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Atelura is a genus of primitive insects belonging to the order Thysanura.
 Inquisitor aesopus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Haliophyle connexa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Scopula tahitiensis is a moth of the Geometridae family that is endemic to Tahiti.
 Gigantatypus is an extinct late Maastrichtian sea turtle that lived in the southern regions of the Tethys Ocean about 100–120 kilometres (62–75 mi) off the north eastern margins of Cretaceous Africa immediately before the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction events . Fossil remains of Gigantatypus are so far only represented in sediments from Jordan.
 Crangonyx grandimanus is a species of crustacean in family Crangonyctidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Augolychna are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Rhipidarctia xenops is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Ghana.
 The Radde's Accentor (Prunella ocularis) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family. It is found in Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia India Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Lebanon Pakistan Russia Syria and Turkey.Its natural habitat is temperate grassland.
 Comitas luzonica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Rhizotrogus ribbei is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Copadichromis sp. nov. 'Virginalis Kajose' is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Leucanopsis democrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 The big-eared flying fox (Pteropus macrotis) is a species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It is found in elevations less than 500 metres (1600 ft) particularly in coastal mangroves.
 Turanovia incompleta is an extinct species of earwigs in the genus Turanovia the family Protodiplatyidae the suborder Archidermaptera and the order Dermaptera. It is the only species in the genus Turanovia.
 Leucania inconspicua is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Florida Cuba Puerto Rico Jamaica the Lesser Antilles and from Mexico to Brazil.
 The Large-footed Finch (Pezopetes capitalis) is a passerine bird which is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama. Despite its name it is not a true finch but rather a member of the large Emberizidae family which also includes buntings American sparrows juncos and towhees.
 Temminck's Trident Bat (Aselliscus tricuspidatus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Indonesia Papua New Guinea the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.
 Neolamprologus hecqui is a species of shell-living cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Batrachosaurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Nipponaphaenops erraticus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Nipponaphaenops.
 Calappidae is a family of crabs containing 16 genera of which 7 are only known as fossils:Acanthocarpus Stimpson 1871Calappa Weber 1795† Calappella Rathbun 1919† Calappilia A. Milne-Edwards 1873Calappula Galil 1997Cryptosoma Brullé 1839Cycloes De Haan 1837Cyclozodion Williams & Child 1989Mursia A. G. Desmarest 1823† Mursilata C.-H. Hu & Tao 1996† Mursilia Rathbun 1918† Mursiopsis Ristori 1889Paracyclois Miers 1886Platymera H. Milne Edwards 1837† Stenodromia A.
 Rissoa verdensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Potato tuber moth (Phthorimaea operculella) also known as the tobacco splitworm is a major pest on potatoes in New Zealand and South Africa. It has a world-wide distribution.The body length is about 10mm and the wingspan is about 12mm. The larva is called potato tuberworm.In South Africa the spider Selenops radiatus has proved to be an effective controlling agent for this species.
 Amoria rinkensi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Ptychodes is a genus of flat-faced longhorn beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae.
 The Alfalfa moth (Cydia medicaginis) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern and central Europe (Great Britain Latvia Finland Sweden Denmark Germany France Poland Romania) Transcaucasus Kazakhstan and from western Russia to southern Siberia.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing from early June to early August. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Medicago Genista Ulex Sarothammus Cytisus and Lotus species.
 Thallarcha partita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 15 mm.
 The Guadeloupe Blind Snake or Guadeloupe Worm Snake (Typhlops guadeloupensis) is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Guadeloupe located in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. It is fairly widespread on the main islands of Basse-Terre and Grande-Terre but is not recorded on the other Guadeloupean islands.It is sometimes described as an endemic subspecies of Typhlops dominicanus with a sister subspecies T. d. dominicanus present on Dominica.
 Geisonocerina is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod essentially a Nautiloid that lived in what would be present day Europe during the Silurian to Devonian from 422.9—412.3 mya existing for approximately 10.6 million years.
 Scrobipalpa dorsoflava is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (southern Ural) and Kirghizia.
 Hadronyche formidabilis the northern tree funnel-web spider is a venomous mygalomorph spider found in Queensland and New South Wales. It is also known as the Northern Rivers funnel-web spider or northern funnelweb spider.
 Didia fuscostriatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Didia. It was described by Yamanaka in 2006 and is known from Japan.The wingspan is 8–10 millimetres (0.31–0.39 in).The larvae feed on Bauhinia japonica.
 Eburiola geminata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Eburiola.
 Mesocnemis is a genus of African damselflies in the white-legged damselfly family (Platycnemididae). They are commonly known as Riverjacks.The genus contains the following species: Mesocnemis dupuyi Legrand 1982 - Gambia Riverjack Mesocnemis robusta (Selys 1886) Mesocnemis saralisa Dijkstra 2008 Mesocnemis singularis Karsch 1891 - Common Riverjack Savanna Brook-damsel Savanna Stream-damsel Mesocnemis tisi Lempert 1992 - Liberian Riverjack↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Cepheuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Machaeroides (dagger-like) is a genus of sabre-toothed creodont that lived during the Eocene (56 to 34 mya). Its fossils were found in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the earliest known sabre-toothed mammal.
 Bathoceleus hyphalus is an extinct bird discovered in the Bahamas. It is believed to be a primitive woodpecker.[citation needed]
 Melanthiini is a tribe of geometer moths under subfamily Larentiinae.
 Microsynanthedon ambrensis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Amantis gestri is a species of praying mantis native to the Philippines. It may be the same as A. reticulata.
 Dandaca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Daphnella thiasotes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Schausilla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.There is only one species in this genus Schausilla obrysos (Mabille 1878) that is found in Madagascar.
 Chrysochlorosia superba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Coralliophila adansoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Rougeotia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Crimson-crested Woodpecker (Campephilus melanoleucos) is a very large woodpecker which is a resident breeding bird from Panama south to northern border regions of Argentina and on Trinidad.The habitat of this species is forests and more open woodland. A nesting hole is excavated in large dead trees. The entrance is fairly large about 45 to 50 cm (18–20 in) in diameter and oval-shaped. Female lays 2 to 3 white eggs sometimes four. Incubation lasts about 9 to 14 days by both sexes.
 Pinacosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph. Its fossils were found in the Late Cretaceous-age North Horn Formation of Utah (United States). Pinacosuchus was a diminutive crocodylomorph with spiky armor and is known only from meagre remains.
 The Kalinowski's Chat-Tyrant or Peruvian Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca frontalis spodionota is a subspecies of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.This bird is often considered to be the subspecies spodionota and boliviana of the Crowned Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca frontalis.
 Neurogomphus featheri is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Chad Gambia Kenya Nigeria and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Idalus critheis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in French Guiana Guyana Brazil Venezuela Colombia Ecuador Peru and Panama.
 Marinkelle's sword-nosed bat (Lonchorhina marinkellei) is a bat species from South America. It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.
 The White-browed Blackbird (Sturnella superciliaris) is a passerine bird in the New World family Icteridae. Despite its name and colouration it is in the same genus as the meadowlarks and is less closely related to the Red-winged Blackbird group. It is of course completely unrelated to the European Blackbird which is a thrush.The White-browed Blackbird breeds in northeastern Brazil and in southern South America from southwestern Brazil through Paraguay Uruguay and Argentina.
 Tuina maurella is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1919. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Westcottia amorpha is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Westcottia.
 Sitala mazumbaiensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Kerria is a genus of scale insect of the family Kerriidae. The species are found throughout southeast Asia India and southern China.
 Turbonilla davidrolani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Grey-and-gold Tanager (Tangara palmeri) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Festilyria duponti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Paradopaea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The White-shouldered Triller (Lalage sueurii) is a passerine bird belonging to the triller genus Lalage in the cuckoo-shrike family Campephagidae. It is found in Indonesia and East Timor. The White-winged Triller (L. tricolor) of Australia and New Guinea was formerly included in this species but is now treated as a separate species.It is a fairly small bird 17 centimetres in length. The bill is grey with a black tip and the legs and feet are black.
 Squalius keadicus is a species of fresh-water fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found only in Greece and known as the menida in Greek.It is endemic to the Evrotas River in the Peloponnese. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Japanolaccophilus niponensis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Japanolaccophilus.
 Drepatelodes friburgensis is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924.
 Nephelomys is a genus of South American oryzomyine rodents found in the Andes from Bolivia to Venezuela with a westward extension into the mountains of Costa Rica.
 Duplex aarviki is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from north and north-west Sumatra southern West Malaysia and south-western Thailand.Adults have been found in February June and July suggesting multiple generations per year. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The wingspan is 7.5-9.5 mm. The forewing is relatively narrow with a bright ovoid yellow reniform stigma. All crosslines are present and black.
 Trypeta dilacerata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Scinax trapicheiroi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bostra illusella is a species of snout moth in the genus Bostra. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Hemonia murina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found in New Guinea.
 The White-naped Swift is the largest representative of the swift family in the New World and possibly the world[citation needed]. This bird is found principally in western and central Mexico with one record on the Guatemalan border.This species is essentially a bird of wild highland landscapes where it favors cliff faces deep river gorges and high craigs. Its main habitats are pine-oak forests tropical deciduous forests and second-growth scrub.
 Coptodon deckerti is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Ejagham in western Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos). A species of catfish from the genus Parauchenoglanis has recently been introduced to the lake and this probably presents a serious threat to the endemic cichlids.
 Eois undulosata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia and Costa Rica.
 Scopula dentisignata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania Zimbabwe South Africa and Zambia.
 Neotomoxia curvitibialis is a species of beetle in the Neotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1967.
 The Bright Wave (Idaea ochrata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe.The species has a wingspan of 21–24 mm. The adults fly at night from late June to early August in one generation . The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
 Antoinella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Antoinella aurouxi Mateu & Comas 2006 Antoinella djebalica Comas & Mateu 2008 Antoinella espanyoli Mateu & Escola 2006 Antoinella fadriquei Mateu & Escola 2006 Antoinella gigoni Casale 1982 Antoinella groubei (Antoine 1935) Antoinella iblanensis Mateu & Escola 2006 Antoinella salibai Antoine 1953 Antoinella sendrai Comas & Mateu 2008↑
 Isidiella divitella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in France on the Iberian Peninsula Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. It has a white head gold and white thorax and a white abdomen. The wings are golden brown and white.The larvae feed on Helichrysum italicum Helichrysum italicum serotinum Helichrysum stoechas and Santolina species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ciliopagurus hawaiiensis is a species of hermit crab native to Hawai'i.
 Fusinus coltrorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Platystrophia is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Ordovician to the Silurian in Asia Europe North America and South America.
 Chain pipefish Syngnathus louisianae is a pipefish species inhabits the Western Atlantic from Virginia Bermuda and northern Gulf of Mexico to Campeche and Jamaica but absent from Bahamas. Marine subtropical reef-associated fish up to 38 cm length.
 Eupithecia obtinens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Iran.
 Fresna jacquelinae is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Apatelodes erotina is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Hypotia colchicalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1851 and is known from Portugal Spain Libya Turkey and Russia.The wingspan is 25–27 mm.
 The sharpnose guitarfish (Glaucostegus granulatus) is a species of skate in the Rhinobatidae family. It is found near Australia India Indonesia Kuwait Myanmar Pakistan Papua New Guinea the Philippines Sri Lanka Thailand Vietnam and possibly China and Oman. Its natural habitats are open seas coral reefs and estuarine waters. It ranges from intertidal to offshore continental shelves down to 119 m. The sharpnose guitarfish feeds on large shellfish.
 Eosipho is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Simnia bartschi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Angolan Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus angolensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola and Namibia. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Afrasura crenulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Endographis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eurycotis is a genus of cockroaches. Cockroaches of this genus often have the capability to secrete an unpleasant smell when threatened. Both sexes have a large gland in the rear part of the abdomen capable of secreting a milky acidic fluid as either an oozing liquid or up to a three foot spray.
 Xyroptila irina is a moth of the Pterophoridae family which is endemic to Madagascar.
 This article refers to the animal. For the Indonesian-made military vehicle see Anoa (armoured personnel carrier).Anoa also known as midget buffalo and sapiutan are a subgenus of Bubalus comprising two species native to Indonesia: the mountain anoa (Bubalus quarlesi) and the lowland anoa (Bubalus depressicornis). Both live in undisturbed rainforest and are essentially miniature water buffalo. They are similar in appearance to a deer weighing 150–300 kg (330–660 lb).
 Scaphidriotis camptopleura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1940. It is found in Queensland.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are grey with dark spots and bands. The hindwings are white with a yellow streak.
 Rheomys is a genus of Mexican and Central American semiaquatic rodents in the family Cricetidae.It contains the following species: Mexican water mouse Rheomys mexicanus Goldman's water mouse Rheomys raptor Thomas's water mouse Rheomys thomasi Underwood's water mouse Rheomys underwoodi↑
 Belodontichthys is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia.
 Cyme is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Chaetagonum collarti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Chaetagonum.
 Chaunus jimi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Sphaenothecus argenteus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 The Chrysomelinae are a subfamily of leaf beetles (Chrysomelidae). Some 2000 species are found with worldwide distribution. The most well-known member is the notorious Colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata).
 Brissus meridionalis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissus meridionalis was first scientifically described in 1950 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Eleutherodactylus vertebralis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Liophlaeothrips is a genus of thrips in the family Phlaeothripidae.
 The mountain-gems are the Lampornis genus of hummingbirds which inhabit mountainous regions from the southwestern United States to the Isthmus of Panama. These are medium-sized to large (10–13 cm) hummingbirds with shortish slightly curved black bills. The males typically have green upperparts and a brightly coloured throat which is a dull colour in the female.
 The New Britain Water Rat (Hydromys neobrittanicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sheppard's Plume Moth (Geina sheppardi) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It known from western North America including Mississippi Ontario and Wisconsin.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Vitis species. They make ties in young leaves. Full-grown caterpillars are about 10 mm long pale green and hairy.
 The Plains bison (Bison bison bison) or is one of two subspecies/ecotypes of the American bison the other being the wood bison (Bison bison athabascae). Furthermore it has been suggested that the Plains bison consists of a northern (Bison bison montanae) and a southern subspecies bringing the total to three. However this is generally not supported.
 Opisthoproctus is a genus of barreleyes.
 Nesodynerus is a genus of potter wasps endemic to the Hawaiian archipielago. This genus is surprisingly large (94 species) for the small territory it covers. The genera Chelodynerus and Pseudopterocheilus are presently treated as synonyms of Nesodynerus.
 The Glandular Toadlet (Uperoleia glandulosa) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to the arid coast near the Pilbara in Western Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland rivers intermittent rivers swamps intermittent freshwater marshes and canals and ditches.
 The pale field rat (Rattus tunneyi) also known as Tunney's rat is a nocturnal herbivore endemic in Australia. It once occupied almost all areas of mainland Australia but is now found only in tall grasslands in northern Australia.The pale field rat is yellow-brown and either grey or cream on the underside. It eats grass stems seeds and roots and during the day rests in a shallow burrows dug in loose crumbly soil.
 Pfitzneriana olivescens is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Colombia and Bolivia.
 The Hoogerwerf's Pheasant (Lophura hoogerwerfi) also known as Aceh Pheasant or Sumatran Pheasant is a medium-sized up to 55 centimetres (22 in) long bird of the Phasianidae family. The male is a crestless bluish black pheasant with bare red facial skin short tail and grey legs. The female is a rufous brown bird with a dark bluish grey legs and short dark tail.Its appearance resembles and sometimes is considered as a subspecies of the Salvadori's Pheasant.
 The Eastern Pine Seedworm Moth (Cydia toreuta) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is about 13 mm.The larvae feed on the seeds of Pinus resinosa and Pinus banksiana.
 Arion hortensis common name the garden slug small striped slug or black field slug is a species of small air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae the roundback slugs.In Britain the name Arion hortensis was previously applied to a species complex consisting of this species plus Arion distinctus Mabille 1868 and Arion owneii Davies 1979. Here the name is used sensu stricto.
 Proeulia chromaffinis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Astacus leptodactylus the Danube crayfish Galician crayfish Turkish crayfish or narrow-clawed crayfish is a species of crayfish imported and introduced to Central Europe in 19th century from the Caspian Sea region.
 Hydrocynus goliath also known as the goliath tigerfish giant tigerfish or mbenga is a very large African predatory freshwater fish of the Alestidae family.
 The thickbody skate (Amblyraja frerichsi) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is found in Argentina Chile and Uruguay. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Scopula metacosmia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Callochiton crocinus is a species of chiton or sea cradle in the family Callochitonidae. It occurs on the shores of the Australia-New Zealand region. Locally it is known as smooth chiton but that name is elsewhere applied to other species.It is a rather colorful member of its class yellowish- to reddish-brown with white spots; its scientific name means saffron-colored beautiful chiton.
 Ladigesocypris mermere is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Turkey.Its natural habitats are rivers intermittent rivers and freshwater springs.It is threatened by habitat loss. This species is the only currently accepted species in its genus.
 Cryphina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now France. It was described by Oehlert in 1889 and the type species is Cryphina andegavensis. It was described from Saint-Barthélmy near Angers Brittany.
 Estagrotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gamia buchholzi the Grand Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to flowersThe larvae feed on Borassus aethiopum Phoenix reclinata Raphia mombutorum Raphia farinifera and Dracaena species (including Dracaena arborea).
 The eastern lowland olingo (Bassaricyon alleni) is a species of olingo from South America where it is known from the lowlands east of the Andes in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Venezuela. It is the only olingo species found east of the Andes. The Latin species name honors Joel Asaph Allen the American zoologist who first described the genus Bassaricyon.
 Microvoluta garrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Hypocrita simulatrix is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1994.
 The Scarlet-winged Lichen Moth or Scarlet Lichen Moth (Hypoprepia miniata) is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from British Columbia south through the western side of the Rocky Mountains to Arizona and Texas. It is also found throughout eastern North America.The length of the forewings is 14–17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is red with two broad dark grey stripes and another shorter stripe between them at the outer margin.
 Leucosyrinx falklandica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Saphenista rivadeneirai is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 The bonobo (/bəˈnoʊboʊ/ or /ˈbɒnəboʊ/) Pan paniscus formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee and less often the dwarf or gracile chimpanzee is a great ape and one of the two species making up the genus Pan; the other is Pan troglodytes or the common chimpanzee.
 Herina liturata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Chaetodipterus zonatus (Pacific spadefish) is a species of fish belonging to the Ephippidae family. It is native to the eastern Pacific from San Diego California to Peru including is the Galapagos islands where it is known as Chambo.
 Clathroterebra russoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Sooty Shearwater (Puffinus griseus) is a medium-large shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae. In New Zealand it is also known by its Māori name tītī and as muttonbird like its relatives the Wedge-tailed Shearwater (P. pacificus) and the Australian Short-tailed Shearwater (P. tenuirostris).It appears to be particularly closely related to the Great (P. gravis) and Short-tailed Shearwaters all blunt-tailed black-billed species but its precise relationships are obscure.
 Locharna is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Gmelin's White-toothed Shrew (Crocidura gmelini) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Afghanistan China Iran and Pakistan.
 Pseudophilautus variabilis was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family. It was endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Cupidesthes paralithas the Precise Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (east and the Cross River loop) and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Myopites is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Erilusa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Acrocercops hierocosma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Northern Territory and India.The larvae feed on Litchi chinensis. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Trichostrongylus sigmodontis is a species of parasitic nematode in the genus Trichostrongylus. It primarily infects the hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) but has also been found in the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris).
 Cymatophora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Canidia giesberti is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Wappes and Lingafelter in 2005 and is known from Mexico.
 Coleophora asiaeminoris is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Turkey.
 Bucculatrix cerina is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida.The wingspan is about 5.5 mm. The forewings are pale stramineous with a yellowish cast and lightly dusted with ocherous-tipped scales. The hindwings are pale stramineous. Adults have been recorded on wing in January and November.
 Fedaiellidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha.
 Pseudophimosia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pseudophimosia eburioides (White 1853) Pseudophimosia sexlineata (Buquet 1859)↑
 The Orange-bellied Antwren (Terenura sicki) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Casandria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nephopterix nocticolorella is a species of snout moths in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in the Russian Far East (it was described from the Amur region).
 The Black-faced Babbler (Turdoides melanops) is a species of songbird in the Leiothrichidae family. It was once it was considered conspecific with the Black-lored Babbler T. sharpei.As defined here it occurs in northwestern Botswana northern Namibia and Angola. Like other Turdoides it is found low or on the ground in or near dense woody vegetation including in cultivated areas.
 The African lanternshark Etmopterus polli is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the eastern Atlantic between latitudes 12°N and 18°S at depths between 300 and 1000 m. Its length is up to 30 cm.Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Tulis redirects here. For a subdistrict in Batang Regency Central Java Indonesia see Tulis (subdistrict)Talis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eumetula is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Newtoniellidae.
 The Brown-shaded Gray Moth (Anacamptodes defectaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Pennsylvania west to Iowa and Kansas south to Texas and south and east to Florida.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are on wing from February to November depending on the location.The larvae feed on oak poplar sweet cherry and willow.
 Batrachedra epombra is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Ectoedemia monemvasiae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece (Peloponnesos) and Turkey (Anatolia).The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm. Adults have been caught in July and early August.Unlike most other Nepticulidae species the larvae mine the bark of their host rather than the leaves. The hostplant is probably a Fagaceae species.
 Sonoita is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species Sonoita lightfooti has a disjunct distribution: it is found on the Ivory Coast and in South Africa.
 Azertyuiop was a French-bred National Hunt racehorses who specialised in two-mile steeplechases. He won the Arkle Challenge Trophy at the 2003 Cheltenham Festival going on to win the Queen Mother Champion Chase the following year and then coming home third in the same race in 2005. He was trained by Paul Nicholls and was ridden by Ruby Walsh in every chase bar one.
 Nannodiella vespuciana common name Vespucci's dwarf turrid is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Procecidochares polita is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Procecidochares of the family Tephritidae.
 Diadegma maurum is a wasp first described by Johann Ludwig Christian Gravenhorst in 1829. It is a member of the genus Diadegma and family Ichneumonidae. No subspecies are listed.
 Turbonilla pugetensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Godyris is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1870. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Cerithiopsis petanii is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae.It was described by J. Prkic and P. Mariottini in 2010 and is known from Croatia.
 Apistogramma eremnopyge is a species of cichlid. It is only known from the Rio Pintuyacu a tributary of the Rio Itaya near Iquitos Peru.This is a small cichlid 26–35 mm (1.0–1.4 in) standard length which can be easily distinguished from its congeners by the presence of a prominent dark blotch on the lower part of the caudal peduncle in both sexes.
 Belontia signata the Ceylonese combtail is a species of gourami endemic to Sri Lanka. This species inhabits shallow slow-flowing clear-water streams. It can reach a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) TL though most are only around 10 centimetres (3.9 in). It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Anoeciidae is an insect family of the order Hemiptera. Anoeciidae are aphids that live underground and feed on the roots of plants.
 Aslauga karamoja is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Opisthostoma mirabile is a species of air-breathing land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae.
 Montanoceratops /mɒnˌtænoʊˈsɛrətɒps/ is an extinct genus of small ceratopsian dinosaur that lived approximately 70 million years ago during the latter part of the Cretaceous Period in what is now Montana and Alberta. Montanoceratops was a small sized moderately-built ground-dwelling quadrupedal herbivore that could grow up to an estimated 3 m (9.8 ft) long.
 Mpanjaka albovirida is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in North Madagascar.The male has a wingspan of 27–34 mm and the length of the frontwings is 13 to 15mm.
 Metaxygnathus is an extinct genus of ichthyostegalian amphibian found in Late Devonian deposits of New South Wales Australia .It is known only from a lower jawbone. Previously thought to be a lobe-finned fish it has now been reassigned to the earliest group of tetrapods.
 Ancylosis lacteicostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 from Uzbekistan but is also found in Russia.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 The Versicoloured Emerald (Amazilia versicolor) sometimes placed in the genus Agyrtria is a species of hummingbird from central and eastern South America.
 Lasiommata is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 Lepidonectes clarkhubbsi known commonly as the Signal triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes. It was described by ussing in 1991.
 Plum Leaf Miner (Stigmella slingerlandella) is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Ontario New York Michigan and Ohio possibly south to Florida.The wingspan is 3.5–5 mm.The larvae feed on Prunus species including Prunus nigra and Prunus serotina species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The larva first eats a narrow linear mine then widens the mine so as to produce an irregular more or less ovate blotch. Three to twelve mines are often found on a single leaf.
 Eilema costimaculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Meridarchis eremitis is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1905. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The Northern Chequered Skipper (Carterocephalus silvicola) is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Northern Europe and North and East Asia.The butterfly flies from May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Eugnosta sartana the Broad-patch Carolella Moth is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Pennsylvania to Florida and from Missouri to Texas. The wingspan is 10-15 mm. The forewings are light brown with two large dark brown patches in median and subterminal areas. Adults have been recorded year round in the southern part of the range. In the north the main flight time ranges from April to November.
 The Two-spotted Skipper (Euphyes bimacula) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in North America from northeast Colorado and western Nebraska; eastern Nebraska east to southern Quebec; southern Maine south to central Virginia; coastal plain south to Georgia; the Gulf Coast.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. They are dark brown on the upperside and pale tawny orange beneath.The larvae feed on Carex trichocarpa.
 The Beautiful Demoiselle (Calopteryx virgo) is a European damselfly. It is often found along fast-flowing waters where it is most at home in the climate.
 Cassida atrata is a beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found in Central and SE Europe. The host plants are in the Lamiaceae family and include Salvia glutinosa and Salvia pratensis.
 Oxicesta serratae is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in France and Spain.The larvae feed on Euphorbia serrata.
 Radiacmea inconspicua is a species of small sea snail or true limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae one of the true limpet families.
 Pterocerina interrupta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Elatobia fuliginosella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Lienig & Zeller in 1846. It is found in almost all of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Portugal the Benelux Denmark and parts of the Balkan Peninsula. It is also present in North America where it has been recorded (under the name Elatobia carbonella) in Arizona California and Quebec.The wingspan is 13–19 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on insect remains.
 Tachina breviala is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to China.
 Acrocercops ramigera is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Notophyson brotes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Guyana.
 Petalium knulli is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Aphelolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
 The Red-winged Fairywren (Malurus elegans) is a species of passerine bird in the Maluridae family. It is sedentary and endemic to the southwestern corner of Western Australia. Exhibiting a high degree of sexual dimorphism the male adopts a brilliantly coloured breeding plumage with an iridescent silvery-blue crown ear coverts and upper back red shoulders contrasting with a black throat grey-brown tail and wings and pale underparts.
 Salmo ciscaucasicus is a salmonid fish in the genus Salmo. It was described by Evgenie Alekseevna Dorofeeva in 1967 originally as a subspecies of Salmo trutta. It is a subtropical salmon which is known from Eurasia. It is known to dwell at a maximum depth of 50 metres. Males can reach a maximum standard length of 130 centimetres.
 Mannophorus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Mannophorus forreri Bates 1885 Mannophorus laetus LeConte 1854↑
 Vaginulus sloanii is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae.
 Glipa quadrifasciata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus and was first described in 1882.
 Potamonautes infravallatus is a species of crustacean in the family Potamonautidae. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Barbus trinotatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Elbowed Pierrot (Pycnophallium elna) is a small butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Temnora swynnertoni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in eastern Zimbabwe.The wingspan is 34–37 mm. It is similar to Temnora plagiata fuscata but the forewing outer margin is only slightly crenulated. The forewing upperside is also similar to Temnora plagiata fuscata but has a triangular brown costa patch which is narrower and the outer margin has a dark brown lunate marginal patch that is basally bordered with a narrow diffuse white line.
 Calliophis intestinalis commonly known as the banded Malaysian coral snake is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Southeast Asia.
 Acanthixalus sonjae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana and possibly Liberia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cunibertoides is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from South Africa. It contains the species C. nigripatagiata.
 The Oblique Zale (Zale obliqua) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in barrens and pine woodlands from Ohio to southern Maine south to northern Florida Mississippi and Texas. The wingspan is 36-40 mm. Adults are on wing in late March in south-eastern North Carolina and in early summer from New Jersey northward. There is one generation from New Jersey north. From eastern Maryland to north-eastern North Carolina southward there are two generations.
 Diarsia formosana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The complex-toothed flying squirrel (Trogopterus xanthipes) is a flying squirrel found in the southern Chinese provinces Hubei Hunan Guizhou Sichuan and Yunnan. Its name originates from the teeth which differ from the other flying squirrels. The squirrel looks similar to other flying squirrels most strikingly is a cluster of black hair at the bottom of the ear. The fur is grey-brown on top and white on bottom. Both its face and its tail are slightly red.
 The Dwarf Sandman (Spialia nanus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in South Africa in the western Cape western Orange Free State southern North West Province and the northern Cape.The wingspan is 18–24 mm for males and 23–27 mm for females.
 Nosekiella is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Eupinivora thaumantias is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 10–10.8 mm for males and 10–11 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is glossy cinnamon-rust with a narrow white longitudinal dash in the distal portion of the discal cell. The hindwings are pale grey.The larvae probably feed on Pinus species.
 Dorippe frascone the urchin crab or carrier crab is a small species of crab in the family Dorippidae that was first described scientifically by J.F.W. Herbst in 1785. It is found in the Red Sea and parts of the western and eastern Indian Ocean. It often has a symbiotic relationship with a long-spined sea urchin and carries one around on its carapace.
 Piceoerpeton is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian containing species known from the latest Cretaceous (late Maastrichtian) Paleocene and Eocene of North America. It is one of the largest known salamanders and would have approached the cryptobranchid Andrias in size. However Piceoerpeton is unrelated to the Cryptobranchidae; instead it appears to be a member of the extinct family Scapherpetontidae.
 Neolamprologus multifasciatus is one of the small shell-dwelling cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika. The male reaches five centimeters in length and the female only 2.5 cm. This makes them one of the smallest cichlid species in the world. Its natural habitat is the Neothauma shell beds of Lake Tanganyika where it forms huge colonies with thousands of individuals. Their unique behavior is associated with their affinity to shells.
 Britha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Erbessa depravata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Venezuela and Colombia.
 The Phu Luang Cliff Frog (Huia aureola Thai: กบชะง่อนผาภูหลวง) is a newly discovered true frog species from northern Thailand. It is most notable for its ability to change color between green and brown. It was initially described in the genus Odorrana and may well be properly belong there.The species was originally found in Phu Luang Wildlife Sanctuary Loei Province and has later been confirmed in the neighboring Phu Kradueng National Park as well.
 Cizara is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Bipunctiphorus dimorpha is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Seychelles South Africa Kenya La Réunion Madagascar and Tanzania. It has also been recorded from China.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 Calleida is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Calleida acutangula (Jeannel 1949) Calleida aenea Chaudoir 1872 Calleida aeneipennis Buquet 1835 Calleida aeruginosa Dejean 1825 Calleida affinis Chaudoir 1837 Calleida alberti (Jeannel 1949) Calleida alluaudi (Jeannel 1949) Calleida alticola (Basilewsky 1951) Calleida ambigua Chaudoir 1872 Calleida ambreana (Jeannel 1949) Calleida amethystina (Fabricius 1787) Calleida andreae (Jeannel 1949) Calleida androyana (Jeannel 1949) Calleida angustata Dejean 1831 Calleida angusticollis Boheman 1848 Calleida arrowi Liebke 1939 Calleida assimilis (Jeannel 1949) Calleida aurata Motschulsky 1864 Calleida aureola Bates 1883 Calleida aurescens Bates 1883 Calleida auripennis Liebke 1939 Calleida aurulenta Chaudoir 1852 Calleida baeri (Maindron 1906) Calleida bahamensis Darlington 1953 Calleida basalis Putzeys 1846 Calleida basilewskyi (Casale 1994) Calleida batesi Chaudoir 1872 Calleida bella Chaudoir 1872 Calleida bicolor Reiche 1842 Calleida bogotana Liebke 1935 Calleida brunnea Dejean 1831 Calleida bryanti Liebke 1939 Calleida buckleyi Liebke 1939 Calleida callithera (Basilewsky 1962) Calleida capensis Chaudoir 1847 Calleida capreicolor Liebke 1939 Calleida catalai (Jeannel 1949) Calleida catharinae Liebke 1939 Calleida cavicollis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida cayennensis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida caymanensis Darlington 1947 Calleida centralis Fairmaire 1887 Calleida chalybeipennis R.F.Sahlberg 1844 Calleida championi Bates 1883 Calleida chaudoiri Liebke 1928 Calleida chevrolati Chaudoir 1872 Calleida chinensis Jedlicka 1934 Calleida chloroptera Dejean 1831 Calleida chlorotaenia Bates 1891 Calleida chryseis Bates 1883 Calleida circumcincta Bates 1883 Calleida clara Chaudoir 1872 Calleida congoana (Basilewsky 1962) Calleida conica Reiche 1842 Calleida conradsi Basilewsky 1949 Calleida convexicollis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida cordicollis Putzeys 1845 Calleida corporaali Andrewes 1929 Calleida corumbana Liebke 1939 Calleida cuprea Chaudoir 1872 Calleida cupreocincta Chaudoir 1848 Calleida cupreola Liebke 1939 Calleida cupreolimbata Liebke 1936 Calleida cupreomarginata Chaudoir 1850 Calleida cupripennis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida cyanescens Brulle 1837 Calleida cyanipennis Perty 1830 Calleida cyanippe Bates 1883 Calleida davidsoni Casale 2008 Calleida decellei (Basilewsky 1968) Calleida decolor Chaudoir 1872 Calleida decorsei (Jeannel 1949) Calleida deplanata (Jeannel 1949) Calleida desenderi Casale 2011 Calleida discoidalis Heller 1921 Calleida distincta Peringuey 1896 Calleida dives Chaudoir 1852 Calleida dolosa Liebke 1939 Calleida doriae Bates 1892 Calleida dualana Liebke 1939 Calleida dyschroma Chaudoir 1872 Calleida ecuadorica Liebke 1939 Calleida estebanae Liebke 1935 Calleida excellens Liebke 1939 Calleida fabulosa Liebke 1939 Calleida fasciata Dejean & Boisduval 1829 Calleida fastuosa Klug 1833 Calleida feana Liebke 1936 Calleida femoralis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida fervida Peringuey 1904 Calleida festinans (Fabricius 1801) Calleida fimbriata Bates 1883 Calleida flava Chevrolat 1833 Calleida flohri Bates 1883 Calleida fossulata Liebke 1939 Calleida freyi Jedlicka 1960 Calleida fulgida Dejean 1831 Calleida fulvipes Reiche 1842 Calleida fusca Brulle 1837 Calleida fuscicollis Liebke 1939 Calleida georgii Casale 2008 Calleida gigantea Casale 2008 Calleida gounellei Liebke 1935 Calleida gracilis Gemminger & Harold 1868 Calleida grata Peringuey 1896 Calleida guyanensis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida haematodera Chaudoir 1872 Calleida haemorrhoa Fairmaire 1896 Calleida hasterti Liebke 1935 Calleida hoegei Bates 1883 Calleida holochalca Alluaud 1896 Calleida honesta Liebke 1935 Calleida horni Liebke 1934 Calleida howdeni Casale 2008 Calleida ignicincta Fairmaire 1897 Calleida ignobilis Bates 1883 Calleida ikopae (Jeannel 1949) Calleida insperans Liebke 1935 Calleida insueta (Basilewsky 1961) Calleida isabellae (Basilewsky 1961) Calleida jansoni Bates 1878 Calleida janthina Reiche 1842 Calleida jeanneli Liebke 1935 Calleida katangana (Basilewsky 1961) Calleida kayae Casale 2008 Calleida kivuensis Burgeon 1937 Calleida klapperichi Jedlicka 1963 Calleida koppeli Steinheil 1875 Calleida lacunosa Mannerheim 1837 Calleida laetipennis Bates 1878 Calleida lamottei (Basilewsky 1951) Calleida lampra Bates 1883 Calleida latelimbata Liebke 1935 Calleida latior Liebke 1935 Calleida lativittis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida lepida L.Redtenbacher 1867 Calleida levistriata Chaudoir 1872 Calleida lieftincki Louwerens 1958 Calleida limbata R.F.Sahlberg 1844 Calleida limbipennis Liebke 1935 Calleida lindigi Chaudoir 1872 Calleida lojana Liebke 1939 Calleida longicollis (Jeannel 1949) Calleida lurida Chaudoir 1872 Calleida macrocephala (Jeannel 1949) Calleida macrospila Gestro 1895 Calleida magnifica Chaudoir 1872 Calleida malleri Liebke 1939 Calleida marginalis (Jeannel 1949) Calleida marginicollis Chaudoir 1844 Calleida melzeri Liebke 1934 Calleida mesotincta Liebke 1939 Calleida metallica Dejean 1825 Calleida migratoria Casale In Desender Et Al. 2002 Calleida minga (Basilewsky 1961) Calleida misella Chaudoir 1872 Calleida mniszechii Chaudoir 1852 Calleida montana Liebke 1939 Calleida moreti Casale 2008 Calleida nantae Liebke 1939 Calleida natalis Peringuey 1899 Calleida nevillei (Basilewsky 1972) Calleida nigricans Chaudoir 1872 Calleida nigriceps Chaudoir 1844 Calleida nigripes Peringuey 1904 Calleida nigriventris Hope 1842 Calleida nilgirensis Straneo 1961 Calleida nimbae (Basilewsky 1963) Calleida obrieni Mateu 1995 Calleida obscura Dejean 1831 Calleida obscuroaenea Chaudoir 1848 Calleida ohausi Liebke 1939 Calleida olsoufieffi (Jeannel 1949) Calleida onoha Bates 1873 Calleida onorei Casale 2008 Calleida optima Liebke 1935 Calleida pallida Reiche 1842 Calleida pallipes Andrewes 1931 Calleida pauliana Liebke 1939 Calleida permunda Chaudoir 1872 Calleida perrieri (Jeannel 1949) Calleida perroti Jedlicka 1963 Calleida pexifrons Fairmaire 1887 Calleida picicollis Liebke 1935 Calleida picipes Chaudoir 1854 Calleida planulata Leconte 1858 Calleida platynoides G.Horn 1882 Calleida plaumanni Liebke 1939 Calleida plicaticollis Buquet 1835 Calleida praegnans Liebke 1939 Calleida praestans Chaudoir 1878 Calleida pretiosa Chaudoir 1872 Calleida procerula Chaudoir 1872 Calleida prolixa Erichson 1847 Calleida properans Chaudoir 1872 Calleida propinqua Fleutiaux 1887 Calleida pulcherrima Bates 1883 Calleida punctata Leconte 1848 Calleida punctulata Chaudoir 1848 Calleida purpurea (Say 1823) Calleida purpuripennis Chaudoir 1872 Calleida quadricollis Straneo 1961 Calleida quadriimpressa Chaudoir 1848 Calleida rapax Andrewes 1933 Calleida rawlinsi Casale 2008 Calleida refulgens R.F.Sahlberg 1844 Calleida regina Bates 1883 Calleida resplendens Reiche 1842 Calleida rhodoptera Chaudoir 1850 Calleida rhytidera Chaudoir 1872 Calleida robusta Chaudoir 1872 Calleida rosea Liebke 1935 Calleida rubiginosa Chaudoir 1872 Calleida rubra Liebke 1939 Calleida rubricollis Dejean 1825 Calleida ruficollis (Fabricius 1801) Calleida rufiventris Chaudoir 1877 Calleida rufocuprea Chaudoir 1872 Calleida rufolimbata Motschulsky 1864 Calleida rufopicea Casale 2008 Calleida rugosicollis (Jeannel 1949) Calleida rustica Bates 1883 Calleida rutilans Chaudoir 1850 Calleida sanguinicollis Dejean 1831 Calleida saphyrina Chaudoir 1872 Calleida schistoptera Chaudoir 1872 Calleida schumacheri Steinheil 1875 Calleida scintillans Bates 1883 Calleida scutellaris Chaudoir 1872 Calleida semicincta Bates 1883 Calleida semifacta Bates 1883 Calleida semirubra Bates 1878 Calleida semiviolacea Liebke 1935 Calleida sericinitens Bates 1883 Calleida seyrigi (Jeannel 1949) Calleida sicardi (Jeannel 1949) Calleida silvicola Peringuey 1896 Calleida similis Reiche 1842 Calleida skwarrae Liebke 1932 Calleida smaragdinipennis Reiche 1842 Calleida smaragdula Reiche 1842 Calleida somalica (Basilewsky 1968) Calleida splendidula (Fabricius 1801) Calleida strandi Liebke 1939 Calleida striata Casey 1913 Calleida subaenea Mannerheim 1837 Calleida subfasciata (Basilewsky 1953) Calleida suensoni Kirschenhofer 1986 Calleida sulcatula Chaudoir 1877 Calleida sultana Bates 1892 Calleida sultanoides Straneo 1961 Calleida sumptuosa Bates 1883 Calleida suturalis Dejean 1831 Calleida suturella Reiche 1842 Calleida syllara (Basilewsky 1961) Calleida tenuis Andrewes 1929 Calleida terminata C.O.Waterhouse 1876 Calleida tetrapora Bates 1883 Calleida thalassina Dejean 1831 Calleida tibialis Brulle 1837 Calleida tinctipes Bates 1883 Calleida tinctula Darlington 1934 Calleida titschacki Liebke 1951 Calleida translucens Liebke 1935 Calleida tristis Brulle 1837 Calleida tropicalis Bates 1883 Calleida truncata Chevrolat 1835 Calleida tunicata Liebke 1939 Calleida turrialbae Liebke 1936 Calleida umbrigera Chaudoir 1872 Calleida urundiana (Basilewsky 1956) Calleida variolosa Bates 1883 Calleida ventralis Liebke 1939 Calleida vignai Casale 2008 Calleida villiersi (Basilewsky 1953) Calleida violacea Reiche 1842 Calleida violaceipennis (Jeannel 1949) Calleida viridana Liebke 1939 Calleida viridiaurea Chaudoir 1877 Calleida viridicincta Motschulsky 1864 Calleida viridicuprea Chaudoir 1852 Calleida viridimicans Chaudoir 1872 Calleida viridipallia Liebke 1939 Calleida viridipennis (Say 1823) Calleida viridivestis Liebke 1939 Calleida wittei (Basilewsky 1953) Calleida zumpti Liebke 1939 ↑
 Sidusa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Onykia carriboea the tropical clubhook squid is a squid in the family Onychoteuthidae the type species of the genus Onykia. It is known with certainty only from immature specimens. The type locality of O. carriboea is the Gulf of Mexico. Onykia robsoni has been suggested as a junior synonym owing to similarities between the species.
 Holoparasitus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Miomantis sjoestedti is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Merrifieldia cana is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Morocco.The wingspan is about 22 millimetres (0.87 in). The forewings hindwings and all fringes are grey.Adults have been recorded in May.
 Terebra polypenus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Trophon parodizi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Quinnia ionica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.It was so called by Watson from its resemblance to the volute of the Ionic capital.
 Dicrocheles phalaenodectes is a parasitic mite of moths which infest the ear of certain species. They are notable in that only one ear is ever colonised leaving one intact so that the host is still able to detect the sound from hunting bats. This is taken to be an adaptation reducing the 'virulence' of the parasite to avoid its own destruction along with the host.A population of moths was found in New Zealand in which both ears where parasitised the local bat population being extinct.
 Gortyna xanthenes the Artichoke moth is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Germar in 1842. It is found on the Canary Islands the Balearic Islands Corsica Sardinia Sicily and Malta as well as in Portugal Spain France Italy and Greece.The wingspan is 50–60 mm wingspan. The forewings are greyish-yellow with a dark brown terminal band with yellow spots. The hindwings are smoky.
 Lyncina schilderorum common names the sandy cowry or Schilder's cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries. This species was named in honor of Franz and Maria Schilder two German cowry biologists (hence the Latin name Schindlerorum meaning Schilder's).
 Common names: Godman's montane pitviper Godman's pit viper.Cerrophidion godmani is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Mexico and Central America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Large Ringlet (Erebia euryale) is a member of the Nymphalidae family. It's a mid-altitude alpine species. It lives in spruce forest clearings and damp meadows within these. A separate lowland subspecies occurs in Russia.
 Naso lituratus is a species of fish in the family Acanthuridae the tangs and unicornfishes. Its common names include barcheek unicornfish clown tang masked unicornfish naso tang orange-spine surgeonfish orange-spine unicornfish Pacific orange-spine unicorn poll unicornfish redlip surgeonfish smooth-head unicornfish and striped unicornfish.This species can be found in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
 Neopachysoma is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Slender Redfin (Pseudobarbus tenuis) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.It is endemic to South Africa and becoming rare due to habitat destruction and the impact of invasive species.
 The Somber Carpet or Bougainvillea Looper (Disclisioprocta stellata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in sub Saharan Africa the islands of the Indian Ocean. It is also found from eastern Canada (Ontario Quebec and New Brunswick) south through the United States Mexico the Antilles Bahamas and Bermuda Islands to Bolivia and Brazil. It was introduced to Hawaii in 1993.The wingspan is 25-33 mm.
 The California Legless Lizard (Anniella pulchra) is a limbless burrowing lizard often mistaken for a snake.
 The Scaly-breasted Illadopsis (Illadopsis albipectus) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Angola Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Zoobotryon verticillatum commonly known as the spaghetti bryozoan is a species of colonial bryozoan with a bush-like structure. It is found in shallow temperate and warm waters in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea and has spread worldwide as a fouling organism. It is regarded as an invasive species in some countries.
 Fedtshenkomyia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Cnemidophorus sexlineatus viridis commonly known as the prairie racerunner is a subspecies of lizard endemic to the United States. It is a subspecies of Cnemidophorus sexlineatus which is commonly known as the six-lined racerunner lizard.
 Xyletobius mesochlorus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Procapperia amira is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The wingspan is 20-21 mm. The forewings are brown. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Phyllonorycter telinella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Spain.The larvae feed on Teline monspessulana. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Herochroma aethalia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 The West Mexican Chachalaca (Ortalis poliocephala) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found only in Mexico more specifically in Pacific-slope (and adjacent interior) thorn forest from Jalisco to Oaxaca. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ochetellus glaber (black house ant) is a species of ant. The species are found in both urban and rural areas in Australia and usually nest under stones or dry logs. The species can commonly be found in gardens. The adult ants usually grow to 2.5mm to 3mm long.Black House Ants live in coexistent relationships with other common suburban ants like the Green-head ant however they can be aggressive towards other species if disturbed.
 Maurica breveti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Oberthür in 1882. It is found in North Africa and Spain.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Campanula Convolvulus Lavandula Parietaria Silene Smilax and Asparagus species.
 Pethia muvattupuzhaensis is a species of cyprinid fish found in Muvattupuzha and Periyar Rivers Kerala India. This species can be found over sand or gravel substrates. This species reaches a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Sparganothoides arcuatana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Mexico where it is known from the Sierra Madre Occidental in Jalisco and the Sierra Madre Oriental in Veracruz and Puebla ranging south to Oaxaca. The habitat consists of montane areas.The length of the forewings is 10.3–12.1 mm for males and 11.1–12.5 mm for females.
 Otopleura mitralis common name the miter pyram is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eupithecia subanis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Parotis prasinalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Madagascar Mozambique Comoros Seychelles and in Kenya.This species has a wingspan of 17mm. The wings are clear-grassgreen with a black spot in their middle. Antennae are yellowish with almost the length of the forewings. The edge of the forewings and palpae are grey-brown.
 Sphenophorus piceus is a species of palm weevils in the family Curculionidae.
 The Agami Heron (Agamia agami) is a medium-sized heron. It is a resident breeding bird from Central America south to Peru and Brazil.It is sometimes known as the Chestnut-bellied Heron and is the only member of the genus Agamia (Reichenbach 1853).The Agami Heron's habitat is forest swamps and similar wooded wetlands. They nest in colonies on platforms of sticks in trees over water which may gather more than 100 nests (Fleck 2003). The normal clutch is two blue eggs.
 The Brown Teal (Anas chlorotis) or New Zealand Teal is a species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas. The Māori name for it is Pāteke. It was considered to be conspecific with the flightless Auckland and Campbell Teals in Anas aucklandica; the name Brown Teal was applied to that entire taxon. The Brown Teal has since been split recognizing that the insular A. aucklandica and A. nesiotis are good species.
 Graphium codrus is a butterfly of the family Papilionidae that is found in the Philippines Celebes and Solomon Islands.
 Cupidesthes ysobelae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Tanzania (from the western part of the country to the Mpanda area) and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Apeleptera is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The White-eared Bronze Cuckoo (Chrysococcyx meyeri) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Ectoedemia trifasciata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1931. It is known from the Russian Far East and Japan (including Hokkaido).
 Alsodes monticola is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Chile.
 Paraterellia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Osgood's Mouse (Peromyscus gratus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico. Its name references Wilfred Hudson Osgood.
 The broad-toothed field mouse (Apodemus mystacinus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Albania Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatia Georgia Greece Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia and Serbia and Montenegro.
 The Lined conger (Bathycongrus guttulatus) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Albert Günther in 1887 originally under the genus Congromuraena. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western Indian Ocean to the southwestern Pacific Ocean including Indonesia and Hawaii. It dwells at a depth range of 270-1270 metres.
 The eastern Amazon climbing mouse Rhipidomys emiliae is a rodent species from South America. It is endemic to central Brazil where it is found in the eastern fringe of the Amazon Rainforest as well as in gallery forest and tropical dry forest within the cerrado ecoregion. It is often found in areas under cultivation.
 Walkeraitia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Alaska plaice (Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus) is a saltwater fish that live in the North Pacific Ocean. Like most flatfish they live on the bottom of the continental shelf up to 600 metres deep. Their geographic range is from the Gulf of Alaska in the east to the Chukchi Sea in the north to the Sea of Japan in the west.
 Aplastodiscus albosignatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mordella plurinotata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1853.
 Corynellus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Corynellus aureus Linsley 1961 Corynellus cinnabarinus Chemsak & Linsley 1979 Corynellus lampyrimorphus Swift 2008 Corynellus mimulus Bates 1885 Corynellus ochraceus Bates 1885↑
 The Pectoral Antwren (Herpsilochmus pectoralis) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to north east Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is locally common within its range but has a highly fragmented distribution. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eleutherodactylus platychilus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lyclene classeigera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The length of the forewings is about 8 mm.
 Homoeosoma is a genus of moths of the Pyralidae family.
 The Minca Spiny Rat (Proechimys mincae) is a species of rodent in the Echimyidae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Ocnogyna is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from Western Eurasia. One aberrant species Ocnogyna parasita has females with non-functional wings and because of this was formerly placed in its own genus Somatrichia but is now in Ocnogyna.
 Dolichosaurus is an extinct genus of marine squamate of the Upper Cretaceous Cenomanian chalk deposits of England. Sister-group relationships between coniasaurs dolichosaurs Aigialosauridae and Mosasauridae are an unresolved polytomy. The paleobiology of Dolichosaurus is reconstructed as similar to coniasaurs nothosaurs and modern sea snakes.
 Filippovia knipovitchi the smooth hooked squid is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae and the sole member of the genus Filippovia. It is found in the Antarctic and Atlantic Oceans and reaches a mantle length of 35 cm.
 Tactusa schnacki is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Assam in north-eastern India.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewing is narrow and pointed at the apex. The ground colour is brownish but darker by the costal patch in the medial area and in the subterminal area. Only the terminal line is visible marked by interneural black spots. The hindwing is dark grey with an indistinct discal spot and the underside is unicolorous grey.
 Masuzonoblemus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Masuzonoblemus humeratus Ueno 1991 Masuzonoblemus tristis Ueno 1989↑
 Empyreuma (from Greek ἐμπύρευμα a live coal covered with ashes) is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Crisilla orteai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Utetheisa witti is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao Negros).
 Peristarium electra is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 The Spotted Ground Squirrel (Xerospermophilus spilosoma) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in south to central Mexico and the central and western United States. Characterized for its white spotted back the spotted ground squirrel is one of the smallest squirrels found in the North America. They mainly follow a Herbivore diet but have been known to be an Insectivore as well.
 Megalomyrmex symmetochus is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is endemic to Panama. M. symmetochus was discovered by William M. Wheeler in late July 1924 in the fungus gardens of the attine Sericomyrmex amabilis Wheeler 1925 of Barro Colorado Island.
 Nemuroglanis is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes native to tropical Central and South America.
 Mitra sarmientoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Eudonia steropaea is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
 Fleta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Bouchia Clawed Frog (Xenopus pygmaeus) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is found in Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Uganda and possibly Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Omiodes localis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Digitaria pruriens Oplismenus compositus Paspalum conjugatum and occasionally on sugarcane.
 Eupithecia lanceata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from northern Europe to Anatolia.The wingspan is 17–21 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid June to mid July.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants including Quercus robur Rumex crispus Silene cucubalus v. litoralis Angelica archangelica v.
 Amolita irrorata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including Paraguay and Brazil. Its wingspan is 26-32 mm.
 Stigmella cerea is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Ohio and Pennsylvania.The wingspan is 3.5-3.6 mm.
 The Elegant Parrot (Neophema elegans) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Barbus aboinensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Sehirus is a genus of burrowing bugs or negro bugs belonging to the family Cydnidae subfamily Sehirinae.
 Laccophilus is a genus of water beetle found in nearly every temperate or tropical region in the world including but not limited to Europe the Near East the Nearctic North Africa and the Oriental region.
 Corynoneurella is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 The Yellow-rumped Mannikin (Lonchura flaviprymna) also known as the Yellow-rumped Munia is a species of estrildid finch found in the eastern Kimberley region and north-west Northern Territory Australia. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 20000 to 50000 km². It is found in subtropical to tropical mangrove moist savanna and wetland habitats. The conservation status of the species is evaluated as being of Least Concern.
 The Grass Puffer (Takifugu niphobles) is a species of fish in the Tetraodontidae family. It is found in Hong Kong Japan Taiwan and Vietnam. It is often caught off beaches. docks and piers using various baits such as worms shrimp Sea Lice or cut fish. They are popular for children to catch and possibly in aquarium trade but cannot be eaten on account of fatal tetrodotoxin (Pufferfish Poison) which can cause heart problems kidney failure and a coma that can be mistaken for death.
 Mordella mendesensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Chrysopera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The body louse (Pediculus humanus humanus sometimes called Pediculus humanus corporis) is a louse that infests humans. The condition of being infested with head lice body lice or pubic lice is known as pediculosis. The body louse genome sequence analysis was published in 2010.
 Leptaxis undata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails.
 Aartsenia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Phacops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida family Phacopidae that lived in Europe and North America in the Silurian and Devonian periods. It was a rounded animal with a globose head and large eyes and probably fed on detritus. Phacops is often found enrolled a biological defense mechanism that is widespread among smaller trilobites but nearly perfected by this genus.
 Volvarina nympha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Phyllomedusa megacephala is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.
 Sorolopha chiangmaiensis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand and Vietnam.
 Geitodoris reticulata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Bucculatrix formosa is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in the Kugitangtau Mountains in Turkmenistan.The length of the forewings is 2.1-2.7 mm. The forewings are covered with a mixture of creamish-white and brown or brownish scales. There are two or three dark brown irregular spots and some irregular creamish-white areas. The hindwings are creamish-white. Adults have been recorded on wing from August to September.
 Marasmarcha picardi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Philanthus nasalis is a species of bee-hunting wasp (or beewolf) originally described from Contra Costa County California.
 The Blue Dasher (Pachydiplax longipennis) is a dragonfly of the skimmer family. It is common and widely distributed in the United States.Mature males develop a bluish-white pruinescence on the back of the abdomen and in western individuals on the thorax. They display this pruinescence to other males as a threat while defending territories at the edge of the water.Although the species name longipennis means long wings the wings are not substantially longer than those of related species.
 Argas africolumbae  ' is a small soft-bodied tick that is found primarily on chickens and birds including the Pale Crag Martin.
 The Southern Hill Myna (Gracula indica) is a member of the starling family. It is a resident of southwest India and Sri Lanka.
 Deioneus is a monotypic genus of shrimp of the family Alpheidae containing only the species Deioneus sandizelli.
 Symmoca mimetica is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Mordellistena exclusa is a species of beetle in the Mordellidae family and is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1977 by Ermisch and is endemic to Hungary.
 The American Plum Borer (Euzophera semifuneralis) is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found throughout the United States southern Canada and parts of Mexico.The wingspan is 17-28 mm. Adults are gray with grayish-brown forewings with broad wavy bands of black and brown markings across the outer third portion. The hindwings are smoky with black marginal lines fringed with white. The head thorax legs and abdomen are dusky gray with bright bronze reflections.
 Saphenista campalita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Craugastor andi is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Costa Rica.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Telmatobius ignavus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Eastern Large Heath (Coenonympha rhodopensis) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It isfound in Italy Romania Bulgaria Albania northern Greece and Yugoslavia.
 Parapuzosia (Austiniceras) is a subgenus of Parapuzosia the shell of which is commonly large moderately involute high whorled with flat or covex sides that converge on a narrowly rounded venter. Primary ribs are signoid or concave. Constrictions where present are rather shallow. The related subgenus P. Parapuzosia differs in having a more oval whorl section stronger and straighter primary ribs and a smooth outer whorl.Parapuzosia (Austiniceras) has a rather long temporal range.
 The Lustrous Copper (Lycaena cuprea) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the western mountains of North America.The wingspan is 23–30 mm. Adults are on wing from mid June to July or August. They feed on the nectar of Cirsium Medicago sativa and Melilotus species.The larvae feed on Oxyria digyna and Rumex spp.
 Atelopteryx compsoceroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Atelopteryx.
 Cyathopoma is a genus of land snails with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.
 Hypotia diehlalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Viette in 1953 and is known from Madagascar.
 Melanophidium wynaudense commonly known as the Indian black earth snake is a species of snake endemic to India.
 The Lesser Brown Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus stheno) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Indonesia Laos Malaysia Thailand and Vietnam.
 Oxychilus orientalis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae.
 The Andaman Treepie (Dendrocitta bayleyi) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is endemic to the Andaman Islands of India.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.The scientific name commemorates the Anglo-Indian statesman Edward Clive Bayley.
 Protemblemaria perla the Pearl blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny.
 Terebra oculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The green salamander (Aneides aeneus) is a member of the lungless salamanders family Plethodontidae. It is the only member of the Aneides genus that inhabits the Eastern United States (all other Aneides salamanders are found in the west). Rarely seen in the field the green salamander is an extremely habitat-specific species that is seldom found away from its preferred surroundings: moist shaded rock crevices.
 Balionebris is a genus of moth in the Agonoxenidae family. It was formerly included in the Cosmopterigidae.
 Buck's Boy (foaled 1993 in Illinois) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Oxycanus sirpus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Victoria.
 Gortyna flavina is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Ethmia cirrhosoma is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Siberian Jay (Perisoreus infaustus) is a jay found in north Eurasia. The species has a wide range (estimated global Extent of Occurrence 10000000 km²) and a large global population (estimated 680000-1400000 in Europe). It is one of three members of the genus Perisoreus the others being the Sichuan Jay P. internigrans restricted to the mountains of eastern Tibet and northwestern Sichuan and the Gray Jay P.
 Haplochromis simpsoni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Nabugabo in Uganda. This species reaches a length of 11.4 centimetres (4.5 in) SL.
 Chryseofusus scissus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Phalaenophana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The grassland mosaic-tailed rat or grassland melomys (Melomys burtoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Australia and Papua New Guinea.
 The Dingy Skipper Erynnis tages is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It ranges from Europe across Asia Minor and Central Asia to the Amur region.Erynnis tages favours open grassy habitats up to 2000 metres above sea level. The insect flies in two generations from May–June and July–August but in northern regions and at the high altitudes there is only a single generation.
 Allocrioceras is an ammonoid cephalopod from the mid-Cretaceous included in the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae. Its shell is strongly ribbed and is in the form of a widely open spiral.
 For history see Himyarite Kingdom Homerites is a small involute globase fossil ceratitid with an eccentric outer whorl and subammonitic sutures belonging to the family Halortidae The body chamber has a slight central keel and radial dichotomous ribs that commonly terminate at spines on the ventral shoulder. Homerites described and named by Mojsisovics in 1893 has been found in the Upper Triassic (Carnian) of California and the Alps.
 Cymbiola palawanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Philiris gloriosa is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The Tumbes round stingray Urobatis tumbesensis is a little-known species of round ray family Urolophidae known only from two immature male specimens collected from estuarine waters at depths of 1–2 m and a third specimen collected in 2006 near mangroves. Its range appears to be limited to coastal waters off Tumbes in northern Peru where it is found partially buried in sand or mud.
 Papilio epiphorbas is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.
 Clavus acuminata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae. This is a species that needs further investigation (species inquerenda).
 Sparganothoides coloratana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Chihuahua). The length of the forewings is 9.9–10.8 mm for males and 9.6–11.4 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brown to yellowish brown with scattered brown and brownish greyScales. The hindwings are grey.
 The Tomato Looper (Chrysodeixis chalcites) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is endemic to southern Europe the Levant and tropical Africa but can be found in great parts of Europe because it is a migratory species.The length of the forewings is 15–18 mm. The moth flies from June to October. .The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Echium vulgare Apium Rubus but also Tomato Fragaria and Tobacco which is why it is perceived as a pest.
 Geotrypetes pseudoangeli is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Guinea and Liberia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests.
 Artona is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 Turbo fluctuosus common name the wavy turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Platytes alpinella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe the area surrounding the Caucasus and the eastern part of Russia.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various mosses mainly Tortula species.
 Anthene pitmani Pitman’s Hairtail is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Somalia and Kenya. The habitat consists of savanna.The larvae feed on the young shoots of Acacia abyssinica Acacia lahai Acacia stenocarpa and Dichrostachys species. The are associated with the ant species Crematogaster gerstaeckeri. The larvae are dark yellow-green with diagonal yellow lateral stripes and a yellow edging around the collar.
 Gluvia dorsalis is the only species of solifugid which lives in Spain and Portugal. It is reported to be a common species on the streets of Madrid.
 Hellinsia bengtssoni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Haut-Katanga).
 Joculator albulus is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Thiele in 1930.
 Copelatus aemulus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 1995.
 The Little Green Sunbird (Anthreptes seimundi) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is sometimes placed in the genus Nectarinia.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.
 †Partula atilis was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Charadrahyla is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family. This genus was erected in 2005 following a major revision of the Hylidae family [1]. The five species in this genus were previously placed in the Hyla genus. They are found in tropical southern Mexico.
 Mitra semperi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Stugeta somalina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Stempffer in 1946. It is found in Somalia and northern Kenya.
 Alucita pliginskii is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Ukraine.
 Herochroma urapteraria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Sundaland. The habitat consists of lower and upper montane forests.
 Euthria effendyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hydrometridae is a family of semi-aquatic insects known as marsh treaders or water measurers. They have a characteristic elongated head and body which makes them resemble a yardstick for measuring the water surface.
 Anthidium emarginatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Orthocomotis melanochlora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 The Red-legged running frog (Kassina maculata) is a frog species of the Hyperoliidae family. They are silvery greyish-brown with dark brown to black spots and derive their name from bright red coloring on the ventral side of their hind legs. Adult body length is typically 6 to 7.5 centimeters. These frogs have vertical pupils. Other common names include brown-spotted tree frog red-legged Kassina red-legged pan frog spotted running frog tiger leg running frog and vlei frog.
 Eulima venusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Beddomeia camensis is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Agdistis furcata is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Bullock's Oriole (Icterus bullockii) is a small New World blackbird. At one time this species and the Baltimore Oriole were considered to be a single species the Northern Oriole. This bird was named after William Bullock an English amateur naturalist.
 Murex kerslakae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The African Golden Arab Veined Gold or Double-banded Orange (Colotis aurigineus) is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found in Southern Sudan Kenya Uganda Northeastern Zaire Malawi and Northwest Zambia.The larva feed on Maerua species.
 The Bradfield's Swift (Apus bradfieldi) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Namibia and South Africa.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the South African naturalist R. D. Bradfield (1882-1949).
 Dendroconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Tegeticula maderae is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in south-eastern Arizona. The habitat consists of pine-oak forests.The wingspan is 15-21.5 mm. The forewings are white and the hindwings are brownish grey along the front edge but whiter in the back portion.The larvae feed on Yucca schottii. They feed on developing seeds. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the soil.
 The giant armadillo (Priodontes maximus) colloquially tatou ocarro tatu-canastra or tatú carreta is the largest living species of armadillo (although the extinct glyptodonts were much larger). It was once found widely throughout the tropical forests of eastern South America and now ranges throughout varied habitat as far south as northern Argentina.
 Coleophora juncivora is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 9.5-10.5 mm.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus krameri and Juncus leschenaultii. They create a slender tubular case with a trilobed anal end. It is about 6.5 mm long light greyish-ochreous and usually scattered with reddish-grey particles at the basal half.
 Miscera mesochrysa is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Lower in 1903. It is found in Australia.
 Cataclysta melanolitha is a Crambidae species in the genus Cataclysta. It was described by Turner in 1908 and is known from Australia.
 Bathyphylax is a genus of spikefishes native to the deep waters of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Anitys is a genus of wood-boring deadwood beetles found in Europe. The genus (family: Anobiidae) contains the single species Anitys rubens.
 Areva subfulgens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo).
 Pill millipedes make up two living orders (and one extinct order) of millipedes often grouped together into a single superorder Oniscomorpha. The name Oniscomorpha refers to the resemblance of pill millipedes to certain woodlice namely the pillbugs of the family Armadillidiidae also called potato bugs or roly-polies.
 The Mandibulata or mandibulates is a clade of arthropods that comprises the extant subphyla Myriapoda (millipedes and others) Crustacea and Hexapoda (insects and others). Mandibulata is currently believed to be the sister group of the clade Arachnomorpha which comprises the rest of arthropods (Chelicerata+Trilobita). The mandibulates constitute the largest and most varied arthropod group.
 Scopula nigristellata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Indonesia and New Guinea.
 The blue-spotted wood lizard (Enyalioides praestabilis) is a species of reptile in the genus Enyalioides native to Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 The Lucia Pierella (Pierella lucia) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Peru and Ecuador.
 Oligophlebia igniflua is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is only known from the Brisbane district in Queensland but the distribution of its known host-plant suggests that it will ultimately be found to occur in other rainforest areas in Queensland and the Northern Territory.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm for males and 6-7 for females. The larvae tunnel the trunk of the rainforest tree Elaeocarpus grandis. Pupation takes place in the bark.
 Alpesa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Elaphria.
 Rhagoletis jamaicensis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Ethmia humiliella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in North Africa.
 The Astarte Eighty-eight (Callicore astarte) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Mexico south to Brazil.
 Mordellistena arida is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1862 by John Lawrence LeConte.
 Trichura fasciata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Peru.
 Pterygioteuthis gemmata is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae.
 Homininae is a subfamily of Hominidae that includes humans gorillas chimpanzees bonobos and some extinct relatives; it comprises all hominids that arose after the split from orangutans (Ponginae). The Homininae cladogram has three main branches which lead to gorillas chimpanzees and bonobos and humans.
 Gymnallabes is a genus of airbreathing catfishes found in Africa. Gymnallabes species are thin and eel-like for burrowing.
 Cosmopterix sinelinea is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from South Carolina.Adults have been recorded in August.
 The Peaks of Otter salamander (Plethodon hubrichti) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to the Peaks of Otter area in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia.
 Pygospila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Sargodon tomicus is an extinct semionotid bony fish from the Late Triassic of Italy.
 Bitis arietans is a venomous viper species found in savannah and grasslands from Morocco and western Arabia throughout Africa except for the Sahara and rain forest regions. It is responsible for causing the most snakebite fatalities in Africa owing to various factors such as its wide distribution and frequent occurrence in highly populated regions. Two subspecies are currently recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Sitticus distinguendus sometimes called the distinguished jumper spider is species of spider in the Salticidae family. It inhabits Central and Western Europe the Palaearctic region and East Asia.
 Euphaedra sangbae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the northern part of the Central African Republic.
 Glyphipterix palpella is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Walsingham in 1914. It is found in Central America.
 The Order Trigonotarbida is an extinct group of arachnids whose fossil record extends from the late Silurian to the early Permian (c. 419 to 290 million years ago). These animals are known from several localities in Europe and North America as well as a single record from Argentina. Trigonotarbids can be envisaged as spider-like arachnids but without silk-producing spinnerets.
 Acrocercops ochrocephala is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales.
 Sparganothis eulongicosta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Connecticut Louisiana Mississippi New Hampshire New Jersey and Pennsylvania.The wingspan is 16-28 mm.
 Melaleucia tertia is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from south-central Sri Lanka.There are probably multiple generations per year. With adults recorded in July August and September.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewing is broad and white although there is a terminal line in some specimens marked by black interveinal dots. The hindwing is light greyish brown with an indistinct discal spot.
 Osericta is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Timia paramoena is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Leptoscapha is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Philoscaphus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Philoscaphus barnardi Macleay 1888 Philoscaphus bicostatus Sloane 1905 Philoscaphus carinatus (Macleay 1864) Philoscaphus costalis Macleay 1873 Philoscaphus mastersii Macleay 1871 Philoscaphus tuberculatus (Macleay 1863)↑
 Carabus exiguus ochotonarum is a bronze-coloured subspecies of ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Gansu China.
 Notascea brevispinula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is known only from Rio de Janeiro and Tijaca in Brazil.
 Mogurnda orientalis the Eastern mogurnda is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Papua New Guinea where it is only known to occur in deep pools around Safia. This species can reach a length of 11 centimetres (4.3 in) SL.
 The Tawny-crowned Honeyeater (Gliciphila melanops) is a passerine bird native to eastern Australia. The Tawny-crowned Honeyeater was originally described by ornithologist John Latham in 1802 as Certhia melanops. Its specific epithet is derived from the Ancient Greek terms melano- 'black' and ōps 'face'.It was previously classified in the genus Phylidonyris but a recent molecular study has shown it to be more distantly related to members of that genus.
 Maylasian Earthtiger Tarantula (Cyriopagopus schioedtei) is a large and colourful arboreal tarantula from the subfamily Ornithoctoninae. It is a very large spider with a leg span of 22 cm and a carapace length above 3 cm. There is a distinct sexual dimorphism. The male is olive green with faint yellow leg striation. The male has a blunt tibial apophysis and long slender legs.
 The Auckland Snipe or Auckland Islands Snipe (Coenocorypha aucklandica aucklandica ) is a small bird in the sandpiper family. It is the isolated nominate subspecies of the Subantarctic Snipe that is endemic to the Auckland Islands a subantarctic island group south of New Zealand in the Southern Ocean.
 Macrochelodina expansa is a species of turtle from Australia.
 Aphonopelma chalcodes commonly known as the western desert tarantula Arizona blond tarantula or Mexican blond tarantula is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae. It has a limited distribution in the deserts of Arizona and adjacent parts of Mexico but can be very common within this range. The common name blond tarantula refers to the carapace which is densely covered in pale hairs and contrasts strongly with the all-dark legs and abdomen.
 Asura biplagiata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Leptobrotula breviventralis is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa and in the Pacific Ocean around the Hawaiian Islands. It is found at depths of from 220 to 780 metres (720 to 2560 ft). This species grows to a length of 32 centimetres (13 in) SL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Proceratophrys appendiculata is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Zhenbaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Amorphoscelis siebersis is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.
 Colias adelaidae is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the East Palearctic (China Tibet).
 Papilio cacicus is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru.
 Pseudotropheus saulosi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers areas with rocky substrates. It comes from an area of the lake called Taiwan Reef and from nowhere else. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. The fish are born yellow but as they reach maturity males turn blue with several vertical black bars. Not all males turn and it is possible for some males to remain mixed in with the females in full female dress.
 The White-tailed Hummingbird (Eupherusa poliocerca) is a species of hummingbird endemic to subtropical moist forest in the westernmost portion of the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero and extreme western Oaxaca Mexico. Its tiny range is threatened by habitat loss.As is Blue-capped Hummingbird it is sometimes considered a subspecies of the more widespread Stripe-tailed Hummingbird.
 Eudalaca leucophaea is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 The domestic goat (Capra aegagrus hircus) is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe. The goat is a member of the family Bovidae and is closely related to the sheep as both are in the goat-antelope subfamily Caprinae. There are over 300 distinct breeds of goat. Goats are one of the oldest domesticated species and have been used for their milk meat hair and skins over much of the world.
 Netechma labyrinthica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 Cochylimorpha santolinana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is 14-16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in March and AprilThe larvae feed on Santolina rosmarinifolia. Larvae can be found from August to September.
 The Little Ground Tyrant (Muscisaxicola fluviatilis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers.It is found in Amazonian Brazil Peru and Bolivia; also smaller regions of Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Radde's shrew (Sorex raddei) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Russia and Turkey.
 Dangerous Midge (foaled 4 March 2006) is an American-bred British-trained thoroughbred racehorse. He is best known for winning the Breeders' Cup Turf in 2010.
 Homalattus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Neogirdharia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eulophota is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1926.
 Pseudopolinices nanus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Evergreen toad (Incilius coniferus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes rural gardens urban areas and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chrysallida jordii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Alcorn's pocket gopher (Pappogeomys alcorni) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitat is montane pine-oak forest (910-3010 m) in the Sierra del Tigre of south Jalisco. It is reputed to damage corn and bean fields and has been persecuted by farmers as a pest. The species is considered to be critically endangered.
 The coral nudibranch Phyllodesmium horridum is a species of sea slug specifically an aeolid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
 Clarkeulia sellata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Frederickena is a genus of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. These are among the largest antbirds and native to the Guianas and Amazon Rainforest in South America. They are infrequently seen and generally found at very low densities.
 Acrocercops unipuncta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Rennell Island.
 Macrochelys suwanniensis or the Suwannee snapping turtle is a newly discovered species that lives in the Suwannee River. It was previously believed to be part of the species Macrochelys temminckii.
 Tissotiidae is a family of ammonites (Ammonitina) belonging to the Acanthocerataceae. Members (genera) of the Tissotiidae tend to have smooth strongly involute shells with deeply impressed inner rims to the whorls where subsequent whorls wrap around those prior. Shells may be narrow and discoidal broad and subspheroidal or in between. Sides commonly have broad ribs and on some tubercles. The outer rim known as the venter may be wide and nearly flat rounded or narrow and even sharp.
 Sternacanthus allstoni is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Cyclosia pieriodes is a moth in the Zygaenidae family. It was described by Walker in 1862. It is found in Asia.
 Oxycanus subvaria is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales Tasmania and Victoria.
 The narrow-bodied skink Oligosoma gracilicorpus is a species of skink in the family Scincidae. Only the holotype specimen (AIM Rep 31.1) is known collected before 1955 on the North Island of New Zealand probably in the vicinity of the Hokianga; it is possibly a juvenile.
 Cosmotoma is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Cosmotoma adjuncta (Thomson 1860) Cosmotoma fasciata Fisher 1931 Cosmotoma melzeri Gilmour 1955 Cosmotoma nigra Gilmour 1955 Cosmotoma olivacea Gilmour 1955 Cosmotoma pallida Gilmour 1955 Cosmotoma sertifer (Audinet-Serville 1835) Cosmotoma suturalis Gilmour 1955 Cosmotoma triangularis Gilmour 1955 Cosmotoma viridana Lacordaire 1872 Cosmotoma zikani Melzer 1927↑
 Encrinuridae is a family of trilobite within the order Phacopida that lived in what would be Africa Asia Australia Europe North America and South America from the middle Ordovician to the early Devonian from 479 to 412.3 million years ago existing for approximately 66.7 million years.
 Plesioptopoma curvidens is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil where it is known to occur in the Rio Paraopeba a tributary of the Rio São Francisco. It is the only species in its genus.
 Ptychobranchus fasciolaris is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. Its common name is kidneyshell.
 Perigea pectinata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Cuba and the Dominican Republic.
 The Flores woolly bat (Kerivoula flora) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Ennomomima marmorata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1987. It is found in French Guiana.
 Boraras brigittae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Boraras.
 Neocancilla rikae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Urophora hoenei is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Saetosacculina is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Cyclophora is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 Gasterocercus anatinus is a species of beetles belonging to the true weevil family.
 Sinamia is an extinct genus of bowfin fish which existed in China during the early Cretaceous period. It contains the species Sinamia zdanskyi.
 Scotorythra artemidora is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Recilia rugulans is a species of bug from Cicadellidae family that can be found in South Africa and Swaziland.
 The Indiscrete Cissusa Moth (Cissusa indiscreta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is 35–41 mm.
 The bee assassin Apiomerus crassipes is an insect that feeds on bees and ants. It is found throughout North America. Bee assassins can fly and stalk flowering plants that are visited by bees flies and other pollinating insects. Bee assassins are usually dark in color with yellow or red markings on the sides of the abdomen and are about 3/4 long.The bee assassins fore tibiae are coated with a sticky resin to aid in prey capture.
 Ematheudes convexus is a species of snout moths in the genus Ematheudes. It was described by J.C. Shaffer in 1998 and is known from Zimbabwe.
 Weyrauchia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Weyrauchia aeruginosa Monne 2004 Weyrauchia marcelae Martins & Galileo 2008 Weyrauchia marinezae Martins & Galileo 2008 Weyrauchia nobilis Tippmann 1960 Weyrauchia viridimicans Tippmann 1953↑
 Ascute is a genus of Clathrinidae. It contains two species:Ascute asconoides is a marine species of calcareous sponge from Australia.Ascute uteoides is a species of calcareous sponge also from Australia.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Triviella ovulata common name baby's toes is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae the trivias.
 Igdabatis is a prehistoric genus of ray whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage.
 Liponema brevicornis is a species of sea anemone in the Actiniidae family commonly known as the pom-pom anemone or the tentacle shedding anemone. It is a deep water species and has been relatively little observed. It often remains unattached to a substrate and can roll across the ocean floor propelled by water currents.
 The crowned doto Doto coronata is a species of small sea slug or nudibranch a dendronotid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dotidae.
 Berycopsia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Turonian.
 Cochylimorpha meridiolana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Central Asia (Transcaspia: Tura Kuldscha Osch Samarkand Mesopotamia Alai Turkestan).
 Currently two species are placed in the recently established genus Nadzikambia (derived from the species' name in Chichewa). They are plesiomorphic small chameleons from the Ruo Gorge forest on Mount Mulanje in Malawi and Mount Mabu in Mozambique.Initially placed into Chamaeleo it was for some time moved to the South African dwarf chameleons (Bradypodion) by some (Klaver & Böhme 1986).
 Leucophlebia muehlei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Rwanda.
 Cychrus culminalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 1997.
 Thermonectus marmoratus is a species of diving beetle known by the common names sunburst diving beetle and spotted diving beetle. The beetle has recently become notable when it was discovered that its aquatic larval stage has been found to have used in its principal eyes two retinas and two distinct focal planes that are substantially separated in the manner of bifocals to switch their vision from up-close to distance for easy and efficient capture of their prey mostly mosquito larvae.
 Chilelopsis serena is a mygalomorph spider of Chile named after its type locality: La Serena Elqui Region IV. Males differ from those both C. calderoni and C. puertoviejo in the absence of a patch of setae on the apical tibia I and also in the palpal tibia having dorsal spines and the bulbal duct being abruptly narrowed at the apex. Females differ from the two other species by their divided spermathecae.
 Symmachia emeralda is a butterfly species in the Riodinidae family. It is present in Ecuador and French Guiana.
 The deepwater sicklefin hound shark Hemitriakis abdita is a hound shark of the family Triakidae found in the western central Pacific from the Coral Sea off Queensland Australia and from New Caledonia.
 Phyllostominae is a subfamily of bats.
 Mordellistena menoko is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1932.
 Aphelenchoides parietinus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Lampsilis ovata is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels. This species is endemic to eastern North America.
 Laniocera is a genus of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in the cotinga family but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC. They share the common name mourner with the species in the genera Schiffornis Laniisoma and Rhytipterna.
 Rich Tradition (foaled March 13 1956 in Virginia) was an American Thoroughbred racemare bred by Taylor Hardin's Newstead Farm and raced by Christopher Chenery. A daughter of Rosemont Rich Tradition was out of the Challenger mare Legendra. Trained by Casey Hayes Rich Tradition was a major competitor in the two-year-old filly ranks in 1958 winning the important Schuylerville Spinaway and Selima
 The club naiad clubshell pearly mussel or clubshell scientific name Pleurobema clava is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Ypsolopha electropa is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.
 Bela menkhorsti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Lupinoblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Condica conducta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has a wide range and occurs in Africa (including South Africa Congo Madagascar and Réunion) as well as in Hong Kong Fiji the Society Islands and the Chagos Archipelago.Larvae have been recorded on Senecio species.
 Pericyma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Boreotrophon bentleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Glossiphoniidae are the family called freshwater jawless leeches or glossiphoniids. They are one of the main groups of Rhynchobdellida true leeches with a proboscis. These leeches are generally flattened and have a poorly defined anterior sucker.
 Rhamphognathus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 The Natal sand frog (Tomopterna natalensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is found in Mozambique South Africa and Swaziland and possibly Botswana Lesotho and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland temperate grassland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland and ponds.
 The Blue-eared Lory (Eos semilarvata) (also known as Ceram Lory Half-masked Lory or Seram Lory) is a parrot found only on the island of Seram in Maluku province Indonesia.The Blue-eared Lory is the smallest Eos at 24 cm long. It has a red body with blue cheeks chin and ear-coverts purple-blue abdomen and undertail coverts and black streaked wings.
 Lasiognathus amphirhamphus is a species of wolftrap angler found in the Madeira Abyssal Plain in the east-central Atlantic Ocean where it occurs at a depth of from 1200 to 1305 metres (3937 to 4281 ft). The females of this species grow to a length of 15.7 centimetres (6.2 in) SL. This species is characterized by having only two (as opposed to three) bony hooks on its esca which are lightly pigmented.
 The Ashy Woodswallow (Artamus fuscus) sometimes also called the Ashy Swallow-shrike is a woodswallow which is found in south Asia. Like other woodswallows it has a short curve bill and a short square tail and long wings. It is usually seen perched in groups high on powerlines tall bare trees and most often in areas with a predominance of tall palm trees.
 Euxesta spoliata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Eudendrium ramosum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Acrolepia afghanistanella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1968. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Phyllonorycter obsoleta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Massachusetts).The wingspan is about 8 mm.
 Theisoa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Euleechia bieti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Oberthür in 1883. It is found in China.
 Trichuris vulpis is whipworm that lives in the large intestine of canines in its adult stages. Out of different types of worms Trichuris vulpis is one of the smaller worms with a size ranging from 30–50 mm in length. As the name suggests the worm has a whip-like shape with distinct features including a small narrow anterior head which is the digestive part of the worm and a larger posterior tail which is the reproductive part of the worm. Eggs from T.
 The Pallas's Gull or Great Black-headed Gull (Ichthyaetus ichthyaetus) is a large gull. As is the case with many gulls it has traditionally been placed in the genus Larus.This species breeds in colonies in marshes and islands from southern Russia to Mongolia. It is migratory wintering in the eastern Mediterranean Arabia and India. This gull nests on the ground laying between two and four eggs.It occurs in western Europe only as a rare vagrant.
 The Cochylini are a tribe of tortrix moths. It was formerly classified as the subfamily Cochylinae.
 Perimeceta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Hecatompeda are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Hecatompeda pyrocephala which is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Coleophora graminicolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe. It has been recorded from Andorra Italy Hungary Bulgaria Romania Croatia Czech Republic Slovakia Slovenia Poland Switzerland the Netherlands Germany Denmark Fennoscandia Estonia Latvia Lithuania southern Russia and the Near East.The wingspan is 15–17 mm.
 Masticophis flagellum flagellum commonly known as the Eastern coachwhip is a subspecies of M. flagellum a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the southern United States.
 Hyposmocoma jugifera is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality is Mount Tantalus.The larvae feed on Acacia koa and Pelea species. They bore in dead wood. They do not make a case.
 Lambdotheriidae is an extinct family of the Perissodactyla (odd-toed ungulate) order (that is browsing and grazing animals). The family was named by the paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1889. It is often considered to be part of Brontotheriidae.
 Cerylonidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.The Cerylonidae are a family of small to minute beetles (usually 2 mm. 01- less) which occur most commonly in forest litter and under bark. At present there are about 40 genera and over 300 described species known from all of the major zoogeographic regions.
 The Victorin's Warbler (Cryptillas victorini) or Victorin's Scrub-warbler is a species of African Warbler formerly placed in the Sylviidae family.
 Orontobia mooseri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Freina in 1997. It is found in Tibet.
 Anania is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cyclophora aquila is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Onchidium ambiguum is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Turn-To (1951–1973) was a British-bred American-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
 The Eastern Indigo Snake (Drymarchon couperi) is a species of large nonvenomous colubrid snake native to the Eastern United States. It is of note as being the longest native snake species in the U.S.
 Actia autumnalis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actia of the family Tachinidae.
 Favartia cocosensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hemigrapsus sanguineus the Japanese shore crab or Asian shore crab is a species of crab from East Asia. It has been introduced to several other shores and is now an invasive species in North America and Europe.
 Gomphosus is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Scutellastra miliaris is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Actinotocarcinus is an extinct genus of crab. It is the only genus in the subfamily Actinotocarcininae of the family Majidae but is more usually placed in the Epialtidae. It comprises the two species Actinotocarcinus chidgeyi Jenkins 1974 and Actinotocarcinus maclauchlani Feldmann 1993 both from the Miocene of New Zealand.
 Uroiphis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Protogoniomorpha cytora the Western Blue Beauty is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo and Benin. The habitat consists of open spaces in primary forests and mature secondary forests.The larvae feed on Acanthaceae species.
 The White-throated Robin-Chat (Cossypha humeralis) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Botswana Mozambique South Africa Swaziland and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 The Bittacidae are a family of scorpionflies commonly called Hangingflies or hanging scorpionflies.The genus Bittacus comprising approximately 75% of all species within the family occurs worldwide. Other genera are mostly confined to South America or Australia. Members of this family may be confused with crane flies in the order Diptera but can be distinguished by their two pairs of wings and lack of halteres.
 Tarachodes fraterculus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Metamesia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Lauxaniidae are a family of acalyptrate flies. They generally are small flies (length 7 mm or less) with large compound eyes that often are brightly coloured in life. Many species have variegated patterns on their wings but in contrast they generally do not have variegated bodies.Some 1800 species of Lauxaniidae have been described and they comprise some 126 genera.
 Adetomyrma venatrix is an endangered species of ants endemic to Madagascar. Workers of this species are blind. The species was described as the type species of Adetomyrma in 1994 with the genus being an atypical member of its tribe.
 The Gold-fronted riverdamsel (Pseudagrion aureofrons) is a damselfly species in the Coenagrionidae family. Its body length is 36 millimeters. They are also known as Gold-fronted Sprites. Gold-fronted Riverdamsels can be found on running water or still water. They usually fly really close on the surface of water; sometimes they rest on the floating materials.
 Trichopsis is a genus of gouramies native to Southeast Asia.
 Elachista galactitella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the Alps in Spain France Switzerland and Italy as well as Russia.There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Stipa pennata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Amphibulimidae is a taxonomic family of land snails semi-slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Orthalicoidea.
 Hypselodoris pulchella is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Phalloscardia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Drosanthus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Hoplocorypha dentata is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
 Cerynea fissilinea is a species of moth in the Erebidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Iolaus laon the Fine Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Ivory Coast Ghana Togo and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests and disturbed areas such as cocoa plantations.The larvae feed on the flowers of Loranthus incanus. They are mole-coloured.
 Coleophora melanograpta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido Honshu) and China.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed on the leaves of Quercus mongolica Quercus serrata Quercus dentata and Quercus acutissima. They create a blackish pistol-shaped case of 6–8 mm long. It is covered with light yellowish-brown felt. They feed on the upper surface of the leaves of their host plant without making mines.
 Latirus granatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Carpet Eel-Blenny is a Dottyback from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 45cm in length.
 Vaughtia purpuroides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Tremex wasp Tremex fuscicornis is a species of horntail native to Europe and Asia and has been introduced to Australia and Chile.
 Poeciloxestia suturalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Polystira picta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids. It has been found in the shallow subtidal waters of the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
 Megalochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Lawn Armyworm (Spodoptera mauritia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread from the Red Sea to India Burma Sri Lanka Malaya toAustralia and widespread in the Pacific Islands including the Solomons New Hebrides Fiji Samoa Hawaii the Society Islands Austral Islands Marquesas and Marshall Islands.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on various grasses including Cynodon Pennisetum clandestinum Sorghum bicolor Oryza sativa as well as Casuarina equisetifolia.
 Panogena is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Froggatt's catfish or the Smallmouthed salmon catfish (Cinetodus froggatti) is a species of sea catfish found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea where it is found in the Purari Fly Strickland and Digul River systems as well as in the Roper River system of Northwest Territories Australia.
 Ceratostoma rorifluum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mesodontrachia fitzroyana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Eupithecia jacksoni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Lammtarra was an undefeated Thoroughbred racehorse who won three Group One races in 1995 and was voted the Cartier Three-Year-Old European Champion Colt. He won the Epsom Derby in record time the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. He is one of only two horses to win all three races the other being Mill Reef.
 Eoconodon is an extinct genus of triisodontid mesonychid that existed during the early Paleocene of North America. Characteristics of the genus include massive jaws blunt builds and strong canine .
 Xispia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Rhynchaglaea perscitula is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family which is endemic to Taiwan.
 Atemelia is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Kurtzia humboldti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 This is a list of all genera species and subspecies of the subfamily Crotalinae otherwise referred to as crotalines pit vipers or pitvipers. It follows the taxonomy currently provided by ITIS which is based on the continuing work of Dr. Roy McDiarmid.
 Onthophahus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Germaria angustata is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Germaria of the family Tachinidae.
 Rhynchoconger trewavasae is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Adam Ben-Tuvia in 1993.
 Synanthedon theryi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Spain Portugal Morocco and Algeria.The wingspan is 20–22 mm.The larvae feed on Tamarix africana Tamarix gallica and Tamarix boveana.
 Notoclinops is the name of a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae.
 Fritzolenellus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites with three known species. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period. Fritzolenellus occurred in parts of the paleocontinent Laurentia in what are now Northwestern Canada Northwestern Scotland and North-Greenland.
 Berlanguella is a genus of sea slugs specifically dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Cinnamon-bellied Imperial Pigeon (Ducula basilica) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Volvarina adrianadiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Mindanao Miniature Babbler (Micromacronus sordidus) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae. It was formerly included in M. leytensis as a subspecies is now usually held to be a distinct species M. sordidus.M. sordidus is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Euphaedra uganda is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Deinbollia fulvotomentella and Allophylus subcoriaceus.
 Flabellina verrucosa common name red-finger aeolis is a species of sea slug an aeolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Flabellinidae. It is found on either side of the northern part of the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Japanese Murrelet Synthliboramphus wumizusume also known as Crested Murrelet is a small bird that inhabits rocky islets and reefs in the warm waters of Japan Russia and South Korea. It has black and bluish grey upper body and white underparts plumage.Breeding sites are crevices burrows and hollows in rocks the gaps in piles of stones and among grasses on uninhabited islands.
 The Lesser Antillean Flycatcher (Myiarchus oberi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Barbuda Dominica Guadeloupe Martinique Saint Kitts and Nevis and Saint Lucia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Condylonucula maya is a microscopic species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusk or micromollusk in the family Nuculidae the nut clams. This species grows to a length of about 500 µm (0.020 in) and is believed to be the smallest living bivalve. It is found in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Mexico.
 The Xerces Blue (Glaucopsyche xerces) is an extinct species of butterfly in the gossamer-winged butterfly family Lycaenidae. The species lived in coastal sand dunes of the Sunset District of San Francisco. The Xerces Blue is believed to be the first American butterfly species to become extinct as a result of loss of habitat caused by urban development.
 Mordellina zaisanensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 Leptorhabdium illyricum is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatia Greece Italy Macedonia Montenegro and in Slovenia.
 Tortricidiosis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Lakeville Miss (foaled 1975 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse bred and raced by Great Neck New York businessman Randolph Weinsier who in 1979 received the P.A.B. Widener Trophy for outstanding achievements in breeding.
 Eulimella alia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Timia nasuta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Trifurcula serotinella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is known from France Germany Austria Switzerland the Czech Republic and Romania.
 The Pacific Imperial Pigeon (Ducula pacifica) is a widespread species of pigeon in the family Columbidae.It is found in American Samoa the Cook Islands the smaller islands of eastern Fiji Kiribati Niue the smaller satellite islands of Papua New Guinea Samoa Solomon Islands Tokelau Tonga Tuvalu Vanuatu and Wallis and Futuna Islands.Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests on smaller islands and tropical moist montane forest on larger islands.
 Xylecata biformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Cerithium lissum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Isorineloricaria spinosissima the Zucchini catfish is a species of armored catfish endemic to western Ecuador. It is the only recognized species in its genus. This species grows to a length of 56.5 centimetres (22.2 in) TL.
 Bombus dahlbomii is a species of bumblebee. It is endemic to South America where it is the only native bumblebee of the temperate forests. The queen of this species is the largest bumblebee in the world.This bee was once widespread in Patagonia and the only bumblebee species in the region. The decline of its populations started around the year 2006 coinciding with the first reports of Bombus terrestris in the area.
 Colostethus jacobuspetersi is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Arichanna melanaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found over most of Europe (except Great Britain the Benelux the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Greece) east to Japan.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on the leaves of Vaccinium uliginosum Vaccinium oxycoccos and Rhododendron tomentosum.
 Bematistes leopoldina is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Tactusa topi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Guangdong in China.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewing is light yellow with a quadrangular blackish patch in the upper medial area and a prominently broad black subterminal area. Only the subterminal and terminal lines are marked the former inwardly outlined by light yellow and the latter with black interneural spots.
 The Siraz Baligi (Capoeta pestai) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Turkey.Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neoscopelus is a genus of blackchins.
 Inkayacu is an extinct genus of penguin. It lived in Peru during the Late Eocene around 36 million years ago. A nearly complete skeleton was discovered in 2008 and includes fossilized feathers the first known in penguins. A study of the melanosomes pigment-containing organelles within the feathers indicated that they were gray or reddish brown. This differs from modern penguins which get their dark black-brown feathers from unique melanosomes that are large and ellipsoidal.
 The Aztec thrush (Ridgwayia pinicola) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is found mainly in Mexico but vagrants are occasionally seen in the United States. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. The genus name honors ornithologist Robert Ridgway.
 Ischyrochampsa is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous mesoeucrocodylian. Fossils of the type species I. meridionalis are late Campanian in age and were found in the commune of Saint-Estève-Janson in Bouches-du-Rhône France. Material is also known from Spain. At an estimated length of over 4 metres (13 ft) Ischyrochampsa was a large mesoeucrocodylian.
 Anthidium rubricans is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Henricus improvisus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Notohypsilophodon (meaning southern Hypsilophodon) is a genus of basal euornithopod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina. It was described as the only hypsilophodont known from South America although this assessment is not universally supported and Gasparinisaura is now believed to have been a basal euornithopod as well.
 Emin's pouched rat (Cricetomys emini) also known as the African pouched rat is a large rat of the muroid superfamily. It is related to Cricetomys gambianus the Gambian pouched rat. They are native to Africa and are found along the edges of forests and along the plains. Emin's rats are actually better climbers than their better known Gambian pouched rat cousins. These pouched rats are named for having cheek pouches much like a hamster.
 Eleutherodactylus pirrensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Flutist Wren (Microcerculus ustulatus) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family. It is restricted to humid highland forest in the Tepui region of northern Brazil Guyana and Venezuela.As is the case with all members of the genus Microcerculus it is highly vocal but otherwise furtive and difficult to see.
 Phyllonorycter pseudolautella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 6-7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus crispula Quercus mongolica and Quercus serrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a ptychonomous blotch mine situated between two veins on the underside of the leaf.
 Xerocrassa sphakiota is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Rufous-bellied Thrush (Turdus rufiventris) is a songbird of the thrush family (Turdidae). It occurs in most of east and southeast Brazil from Maranhão south to Rio Grande do Sul states Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northern regions of Argentina.It is one of the most common birds across much of southeastern Brazil and is known there under the name sabiá-laranjeira (Portuguese pronunciation: [sɐ̞biˈa lɐ̞ɾɐ̃ˈʒejɾɐ]).
 Eupithecia junctifascia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia and Costa Rica.
 The fawn hopping mouse (Notomys cervinus) is a rodent native to the central Australian desert. Like all hopping mice it has strong front teeth a long tail dark eyes big ears well-developed haunches and very long narrow hind feet. It weighs between 30 and 50 g (1.1 and 1.8 oz). (Compare with the common House Mouse at 10 to 25 g (0.35 to 0.88 oz).)The coloration of the fawn hopping mouse varies from pale pinkish-fawn to grey on the upper parts and white underneath.
 Symphlebia neja is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana and Amazonas.
 Dactyloscopus byersi the Notchtail stargazer is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Mexico to Panama where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 2 metres (0.0 to 6.6 ft). It can reach a maximum length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) NG.
 Cephalopholis urodelus is a grouper fish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 28 cm (11 in) in length.
 Philodromus lividus is a spider species found in Europe (Portugal France Italy Croatia) and North Africa (Morocco Algeria).
 The White-vented Shama (Copsychus niger) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Centropyge multispinis known by the common names bluefin dwarf brown pygmy angelfish dusky angelfish dusky cherub many-spined angelfish and multispined angelfish is a marine angelfish of the family Pomacanthidae found in tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area.It has some importance in the aquarium trade. Adults grow to a size of 14 cm in length.
 Ambulacraria is a clade of invertebrate phyla which includes echinoderms hemichordates and Xenoturbellida; a member of this group is called an ambulacrarian.
 Hebomoia leucippe is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is endemic to the Moluccas and Peleng in Indonesia. In addition to the nominate H. l. leucippe from Ambon Haruku and Saparua there are three recognized subspecies: H. l. daemonis from Seram H. l. leucogynia from Buru and H. l. detanii from Peleng. The last which is almost entirely bright orange was only described in 1986 meaing that older reviews do not include it. The wingspan of H.
 Ascalenia grisella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Armenia.The wingspan is about 9.7 mm.The larvae feed on Tamarix species creating a stem gall.
 Streptocionella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The White-browed Babbler (Pomatostomus superciliosus) is a species of bird in the Pomatostomidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitat is Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
 Bebearia cutteri Cutter’s Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wet forests.
 Agrioglypta itysalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Asia including India and Borneo.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are brown with white patches and the hindwings are white with a broad brown margin. It looks similar to Glyphodes bivitralis.
 Doumergue's Skink (Chalcides parallelus) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found in Algeria Morocco and Spain.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas rocky shores sandy shores and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The White-winged Warbler (Xenoligea montana) also called Hispaniolan Highland-tanager is a species of bird formerly classified in the Parulidae family. It is the only member of the genus Xenoligea and is found solely in the Dominican Republic and Haiti which share the island of Hispaniola.The bird is 13–14 cm (5 in) with a long long tail and robust beak. Upper back and rump are olive green head is dark grey tail and wings are blackish.
 Cerace loxodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Tenasserim).The wingspan is about 52 mm. The forewings are dark coppery-purple-fuscous with an orange-red apical blotch and numerous ochreous-white dots and round spots. The hindwings are orange with a dark purple-fuscous blotch.
 Ciliopagurus macrolepis is a species of hermit crab native to Indonesia.
 Asceles is a genus from the stick insect (Diapheromeridae) family. Some of the species of Asceles have a distribution in Malaysia and Singapore.
 The crab-eating macaque (Macaca fascicularis) also known as the long-tailed macaque is a cercopithecine primate native to Southeast Asia. It is referred to as the cynomolgus monkey in laboratories. It has a long history alongside humans; they have been alternately seen as agricultural pests sacred animals in some temples and more recently the subject of medical experiments.
 Pseudocallopistus resplendens is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Pseudocallopistus.
 Caroga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brown Gorgon (Meandrusa sciron) is a species of swallowtail found in parts of South Asia and Southeast Asia. It belongs to the Hooked Swallowtails genus Meandrusa of the Papilionidae family. The butterfly is found in India from Sikkim to Assam and North Burma and is not considered to be threatened. Though not uncommon it is protected under Indian Law under the name gyas.
 The Mount Cooper Striped Lerista (Lerista vittata) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found only in Australia.
 Trifurcula etnensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by A. and Z. Laštuvka in 2005. It is known from Mt. Etna Sicilia.
 Pygocentrus cariba or Black Spot Piranha is a species of piranha native to the Orinoco River basin lowlands and the Llanos region in Venezuela and Colombia. This species can reach a length of 27.9 centimetres (11.0 in) TL. It is popular as a game fish.
 Acanthogonatus birabeni is a mygalomorph spider of Argentina named after Max Birabén an Argentinian arachnologist. It differs from others in the patagonicus group by its smaller size and (except for A. fuegianus) by the less developed bulb keels.
 Mordellistena piceopyga is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1941.
 Propilidium pertenue is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae one of the families of true limpets.
 The Shoulder-striped Clover (Heliothis maritima) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe Ukraine southern Russia and southern Siberia Transbaikalia Turkey central Asia China Japan the Korean Peninsula Mongolia northern India Pakistan the Russian Far East (Primorye southern Khabarovsk the Amur region southern Sakhalin and the southern Kuriles).The wingspan is 30–36 mm.
 Dorsanum miran common name : the Moroccan bullia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Gymnobela adenicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Elona quimperiana common name the escargot de Quimper (Quimper snail) is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Elonidae.Elona is a monotypic genus i.e. it contains only one species Elona quimperiana. The specific name comes from the city of Quimper in France.This snail is mentioned in annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive.
 Hadronyche is a genus of venomous spiders found in Australia. Some species are termed Australian funnel-web spider being highly venomous members of the Hexathelidae family. While Australian funnel-web spider envenomation is medically significant there have been no recorded human fatalities as a result since the introduction of antivenom in 1980.
 Simplicia cornicalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-eastern Asia and the Pacific. Records include New Caledonia Réunion Thailand Fiji Hawaii India the Society Islands as well as New South Wales and Queensland in Australia. It is an introduced species in southern Florida and Louisiana.The wingspan is 20–30 mm.The larvae feed on dead leaves and is a pest in roofs consisting of dried palm leaves.
 Ceratopogoninae is a subfamily of biting midges. The larvae are elongated without proleg or hook. Most larvae of this subfamily are predacious. Adults generally take vertebrate blood or attack other insects.
 Minivalva is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Zenochloris vandykei is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linsley in 1935.
 Goliathus goliatus is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.
 The Angeronini are a small tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae. As numerous ennomine genera have not yet been assigned to a tribe the genus list is preliminary.
 Scopula ochraceata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Turkey the Near East southern Russia and Ukraine.
 The Morant's Tree Nymph or Obscure Tree Nymph (Sevenia morantii) is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family found in southern Africa.Wingspan: 40–45 mm in males and 43–50 mm in females. Flight period year-round but mainly between December and May.The larvae feed on Macaranga kilimandscharica Excoecaria bussei and Sapium species (including Sapium ellipticum).
 Sphenophorus is a genus of true weevil family.
 Turbonilla insularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The pickhandle barracuda (Sphyraena jello) is so called because the dark marks along its sides look like the thick ends of pickaxe handles.Sea anglers sometimes colloquially shorten the name to pick.
 The Enchytraeidae are a microdrile oligochaete family. They resemble small earthworms and include both terrestrial species known as potworms that live in highly organic terrestrial environments as well as some that are marine. The peculiar genus Mesenchytraeus is known as ice worms as they live in glaciers and will die if exposed to temperatures a few degrees above freezing.
 Haplidoeme is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Haplidoeme punctata Chemsak & Linsley 1971 Haplidoeme schlingeri Chemsak & Linsley 1965↑
 Augasma aeratella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe (except most Fennoscandia and parts of the Balkan Peninsula). The habitat consists of open landscapes of forest-steppe and steppe biotopes.The wingspan is 9–10 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larva live in fusiform galls on the stems of Polygonum aviculare Polygonum arenarium and Polygonum lapathifolium. They can be found from late June to mid of August.
 The Burmese bamboo shark Chiloscyllium burmensis is an extremely rare bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae. Only one single specimen is known to science. It was caught 1963 off the coast from Rangoon in Burma in a depth of 29 – 33 m. This holotype is an adult male 57 cm long and kept in the National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Institution Washington DC.Features: No color pattern.
 Epidesma gnomoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Menoceras (Crescent Horns) is a genus of extinct small rhinoceros endemic to most of southern North America and ranged as far south as Panama during the early Miocene epoch. It lived from around 30.7—19.7 Ma existing for approximately 11 million years.
 Sibirocosa manchurica is a species of wolf spider only known from Primorsky Krai Russia.This spider with a body length of up to 7.25 mm is dark brown sometimes almost black. The abdomen of the male is marked with a reddish heart-shaped mark and two rows of white spots. The abdomen of the female just has 4 pairs of white spots.
 Pseudopais is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Amerilini are a tribe of woolly bear moths (Arctiidae) in the subfamily Arctiinae. They are sometimes (e.g. in the Erebidae scheme) incorrectly merged into the Phaegopterini but morphologically the tribe is related to Callimorphini. The elder name Rhodogastriini Kiriakoff 1950 was based on incorrectly determined genus Rhodogastria (=Amerila in modern sense).
 Omphalotropis guamensis is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 The San Clemente Loggerhead Shrike (Lanius ludovicianus mearnsi) or San Clemente Island loggerhead shrike is a subspecies of the Loggerhead Shrike that is endemic to San Clemente Island California.
 Palusita is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Trigonostoma tessella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Exelastis bergeri is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Billiton Island caecilian Ichthyophis billitonensis is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers intermittent rivers plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Conchoderma is a genus of goose barnacles in the family Lepadidae containing the following species: Conchoderma auritum (Linnaeus 1767) Conchoderma hunteri (Owen 1830) Conchoderma virgatum Spengler 1789↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Mantophryne is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea.
 Eulimostraca subcarinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Asthenotricha torata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Comoros (Grande Comore) and Madagascar.
 Oxynoemacheilus theophilii is a species of stone loach native to Turkey and the island of Lesbos in Greece. This species occurs in streams and reaches a length of 6.6 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Hochbergellus is a genus of air-breathing land snails animal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae. This genus of snails has only one species which is not distinguishable from species of the genus Vespericola on the basis of shell characters. The two genera are distinguished only by internal anatomical characters.
 Caloptilia korbiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.
 Trachelipus rathkii is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus (family Trachelipodidae). It can be found across Europe except in the Mediterranean Basin.
 Terranatos dolichopterus the saberfin killifish is a species of rivuline endemic to the Orinoco River basin of Venezuela. This species grows to 4 cm (1.6 in) in total length. This species is the only known member of its genus. This species is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Lanelater mastersii is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
 Marisaurus (meaning Mari lizard for the Mari tribe of Pakistan) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from the Late Cretaceous of Balochistan western Pakistan. The type species is M. jeffi described by M. Sadiq Malkani in 2006 and it is based on tail vertebrae found in the Maastrichtian-age Vitakri Member of the Pab Formation. Much additional material including a partial skull many vertebrae and a few hindlimb bones has been assigned to it.
 Psalodon is an extinct genus of North American mammal that lived during the Upper Jurassic period. It's a member of the family Allodontidae within the order Multituberculata. The genus Psalodon was named by Simpson in 1926. There are perhaps three species. It is also known as Allodon (different tooth) and Ctenacodon (comb tooth).Present in stratigraphic zones 2 and 5.
 Oxydisia hyperythrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Oxydisia. It was described by Hampson in 1901 and is known from Australia.
 Enginella leucozona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Mimicia pseudolibatrix is a species of snout moths in the genus Mimicia. It was described by Caradja in 1925. It is found in China.
 The Santa Marta Bush Tyrant (Myiotheretes pernix) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.The species was first discovered in an expedition by Rebecca Goodine a female wildlife activist.
 Schizodon intermedius is a fish in the Anostomidae family.
 Bombus flavifrons is a species of bumblebee also known as the Yellow head bumblebee which is common in the western North America.
 Eleutherodactylus martiae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Prodoxus coloradensis is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found from the Colorado Plateau in the north to northern Sonora in the south east to the Big Bend region of Texas and west to the coastal range of southern California.The wingspan is 8.9-12 mm for males and 9.2-13 mm for females. The forewings are mostly dark brown with white bands and patches. The hindwings range from light to medium grey.
 Chrysallida menkhorsti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Fusitriton retiolus is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae the tritons.
 Marginella roseafasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Charaxes mycerina the Mycerina Untailed Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Republic of Congo Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 The bichirs and reedfish (also called ropefish) comprise the Polypteridae a family of archaic-looking ray-finned fishes and the sole family in the order Polypteriformes.All species occur in freshwater habitats in tropical Africa and the Nile River system mainly swampy shallow floodplains and estuaries.Bichirs are considered the sister group to all other extant ray-finned fishes.
 Poecilanthrax is a large primarily Nearctic genus of flies belonging to the family Bombyliidae (bee-flies). These are large to large robust flies with a body length of 8–14 mm. They have large elongate pictured wings with 2 or 3 submarginal cells and no vein M2. The abdomen is moderately lengthened with 7 visible tergites. The front tarsi are reduced and the tibia smooth. The larvae feed on the moth larva of members of the family Noctuidae. Adults feed on pollen.
 The Bigeye Jumprock (Scartomyzon ariommus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in the upper Roanoke River drainage in Virginia and North Carolina United States. It inhabits deep rocky runs and pools with large boulders and rubble. It reaches a maximum length of around 22 cm.
 Eupithecia mitigata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan southern Kazakhstan north-western China (Xinjiang) and Kashmir.Adults are unicolorous dark grey.
 Baloghella is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Iwaoa reticulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Clavatulidae.
 Discodoris schmeltziana is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Haplomacrourus nudirostris the Naked snout rattail is a benthic species of rattail found in the southern oceans where it occurs on the continental slopes at depths of from 690 to 1590 metres (2260 to 5220 ft) This species grows to a length of 57.5 centimetres (22.6 in) TL.
 Steatoda capensis is a spider originating from South Africa. Its common names include the black cobweb spider brown house spider cupboard spider and due to its similarities to the katipo spider it is commonly known as the false katipo in New Zealand. Common throughout Southern Africa it has been introduced into other countries and is now present in Australia and throughout New Zealand.
 Anumeta arabiae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Saudi Arabia Jordan and Israel.There are probably two generations per year. Adults are on wing from January to February and April.
 Onykia appelloefi is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. The species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean.
 Sexserrata is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acanthoceratidae is an extinct family of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass. The type genus is Acanthoceras.
 Gemmula stupa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Slender-billed Cuckoo-Dove or Brown Cuckoo-Dove (Macropygia amboinensis) is a dove in the genus Macropygia. In Australia it is sometimes called Brown Pigeon or Pheasant Pigeon but both are best avoided as they can lead to confusion with the brown doves and the true Pheasant Pigeon. The taxonomy of the Slender-billed Cuckoo-Dove is disputed and some authorities split it into two species: M. amboinensis (Slender-billed Cuckoo-Dove) of eastern Indonesia and Papua New Guinea and M.
 The Sapygidae are a family of solitary aculeate wasps. There does not seem to be a common English name but club-horned wasps (translating the German name Keulhornwespen - in reference to the distinctive thickening of the antennae) seems as good a name as any though various other groups of wasps also have clubbed or thickened antennae.
 Eucnemesaurus (/juːkˌniːmɨˈsɔrəs/; meaning good tibia lizard for its robust tibiae) is a basal sauropodomorph dinosaur genus usually considered to be a synonym of Euskelosaurus. Recent study by Yates (2006) however indicates that it is valid and the same animal as putative giant herrerasaurid Aliwalia. Eucnemesaurus was in 1920 named by Egbert Cornelis Nicolaas van Hoepen. The type species is Eucnemesaurus fortis. The specific name means strong in Latin.
 Micrometrus is a genus of surfperches native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Bucculatrix oncota is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in India.
 Apatetris altithermella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain France Austria the Czech Republic and Hungary.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. The forewings are white spinkled with slaty bluish grey scales. The hindwings are bluish grey.
 Acrolophus exigua is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Clema is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Clema deserti Semenov 1900 Clema elegans Obenberger 1923 Clema freudei Cobos 1963↑
 The Grey Warbler-Finch (Certhidea fusca) is a species of bird one of Darwin's finches in the tanager family Thraupidae. Sometimes classified in the family Emberizidae more recent studies have shown it to belong in the tanager family. It is endemic to the Galápagos Islands Ecuador.This species is closely related to the Green Warbler-Finch and were formerly considered conspecific but both species differed in appearance distribution habitat and song.
 Zodarion epirense is a spider species found in Bulgaria and Greece.
 Paracles toulgoeti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Crambophilia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gastrodiscoides hominis is a zoonotic helminth parasite belonging to a class of flatworms Trematoda. This is the only species in the genus Gastrodiscoides.It is primarily an intestinal fluke of pig but also infect other vertebrates including human. In fact the first specimen was described from human subject in 1976 and constitute an important parasite of human in Bangladesh India Burma China Kazakhstan Philippines Thailand Vietnam and Volga Delta in Russia.
 Tuxentius stempfferi Stempffer’s Pierrot is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Platycheirus tarsalis is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Britain and Europe.
 The Brown-throated Barbet (Megalaima corvina) is a species of bird in the Ramphastidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Joculator cinctus is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Lacalma ferrealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lacalma. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Australia including Queensland.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are dark green speckled with white while the hindwings are plain brown.
 Cochylis faustana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Inner Mongolia Xinjiang) and Russia.The wingspan is 8-9.5 mm.
 Surround was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1976 Cox Plate.Bred in New Zealand she was sired by Sovereign Edition (IRE) her dam Micheline (NZ) was by Le Filou (FR).Trained by Geoff Murphy as a three year old she won 12 out of 16 starts over distances ranging from 1200m to 2500m including the 1976 Cox Plate 1976 VRC Oaks 1977 AJC Oaks 1977 Queensland Oaks.
 Not to be confused with the Red-tailed Butterflyfish (C. collare) and Chaetodon lunula (Raccoon Butterflyfish).The Oval Butterflyfish Red-finned Butterflyfish or redfin butterflyfish (Chaetodon lunulatus) is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the Pacific Ocean from Eastern Indonesia to the Hawaiian islands.
 The Oreasteridae are a family of sea stars in the class Asteroidea.
 Eilema taiwanella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Seioptera dubiosa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Seioptera of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Great Balkhan mouse-like hamster (Calomyscus mystax) is a species of rodent in the Calomyscidae family.It is found in southwestern Turkmenistan northern Iran and southern Azerbaijan.
 Palaina pupa is a species of minute land snails with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Donaspastus bosellii is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on Sardinia.
 The parent bug (Elasmucha grisea) is a shield bug a type of insect characterized by its shield-shaped body. It is so named because adults remain with their offspring for several weeks after they hatch; this is relatively rare behaviour in the insect world. Adults are approximately 12 mm long.
 Eupithecia tranquilla is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Bush Squeaker (Arthroleptis wahlbergii) is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found along the coastal areas of eastern South Africa and possibly Mozambique.
 Mericella gerda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Prosipho iodes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Mordellochroa shibatai is a beetle in the Mordellochroa genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1987 by Kiyoyama.
 Gaeolaelaps is a genus of mite.
 Microcosmodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Microcosmodes amabilis (Dejean 1831) Microcosmodes angolensis (Chaudoir 1879) Microcosmodes chaudoiri (Raffray 1886) Microcosmodes cheranganensis (Burgeon 1936) Microcosmodes cruciatus (Dejean 1831) Microcosmodes diversopictus (Basilewsky 1949) Microcosmodes elegans (Barker 1922) Microcosmodes flavopilosus (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Microcosmodes grandis (Basilewsky 1947) Microcosmodes laetiusculus (Chaudoir 1879) Microcosmodes laetus (Dejean 1831) Microcosmodes luebberti (Kuntzen 1919) Microcosmodes marakwetianus (Burgeon 1936) Microcosmodes natalensis (Peringuey 1896) Microcosmodes perrieri Jeannel 1949 Microcosmodes pierroni (Fairmaire 1880) Microcosmodes planicollis (Chaudoir 1876) Microcosmodes quadrimaculatus (Csiki 1907) Microcosmodes quadrinotulatus (Motschulsky 1864) Microcosmodes symei (Murray 1857) Microcosmodes tenuipunctatus (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Microcosmodes vadoni Jeannel 1949 Microcosmodes villosulus (Chaudoir 1879) Microcosmodes vivinus (Murray 1857)↑
 The Hairy angler (Caulophryne polynema) is a deep sea fish.The female is about the size of a football and its body is covered in long antennae used to detect the movements of any prey nearby. The male is about a tenth her size - the size of a ping pong ball. He forms a parasitic relation with the female attaching himself to her flesh ultimately sharing in her blood circulation and becoming a dependable source of semen.
 The Ringed Warbling Finch (Poospiza torquata) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Razowskiina elcedranus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream ringed with brownish and suffused with brown in the dorsal third tinged pearl posteriorly and dotted brownish. The hindwings are cream tinged with brownish especially on the periphery.
 Promachoteuthis sulcus is a species of promachoteuthid squid. It is distinguished from related taxa on the basis of several morphological features: nuchal fusion between the head and mantle much larger size of arm suckers compared to club suckers greater width of tentacle base than arm base a recessed club base and the presence of an aboral tentacle groove.P.
 Bellamya monardi is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in Angola and Namibia.
 The White-shouldered Tanager (Tachyphonus luctuosus) is a medium-sized passerine bird. This tanager is a resident breeder from Honduras to Panama South America south to Ecuador and southern Brazil and on Trinidad.It occurs in forests and cocoa plantations. The bulky cup nest is built in low vegetation and the female lays three brown-blotched cream eggs.White-shouldered Tanagers are 14 cm long and weigh 14 g. They are long-tailed and with a mostly black stout pointed bill.
 The African Golden Oriole (Oriolus auratus) is a member of the oriole family of passerine birds which is a resident breeder in Africa south of the Sahara.It is a bird of thick bush and other well-wooded areas. The hanging basket-shaped nest is built in a tree and contains two eggs.
 Apallacta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Pleuroprucha.
 Crassispira oliva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Bucculatrix solidaginiella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida Louisiana Maine Missouri New Jersey Mississippi and Ohio.The wingspan is 11-12.5 mm. The forewings are white marked with pale ocherous to brownish ocherous. The hindwings are brownish ocherous. Adults are on wing from April to August.The larvae feed on Solidago species.
 Neptune Collonges (foaled on 25 April 2001) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred in France and trained in Great Britain. His most noted success came when winning the Grand National on 14 April 2012.
 Physopleurus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Physopleurus amazonicus Fragoso & Monné 1995 Physopleurus crassidens (Bates 1869) Physopleurus dohrnii Lacordaire 1869 Physopleurus erikae Santos-Silva & Martins 2009 Physopleurus exiguus Santos-Silva & Martins 2003 Physopleurus longiscapus Lameere 1912 Physopleurus maillei Audinet-Serville 1832 Physopleurus rafaeli Santos-Silva 2006 Physopleurus rugosus Gahan 1894 Physopleurus tritomicros Lameere 1912 Physopleurus villardi (Lameere 1902)↑
 Arsissa transvaalica is a species of snout moths in the genus Arsissa. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from Namibia and South Africa.
 Semnosia interrupta is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found only in Turkey. Adults are on wing from May to June. The species feeds on Ferula and Prangos species. Adults reach a length of 15–38 mm.
 Gypsochares kyraensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Russia (the South Siberian mountains).
 Euryglottis oliver is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Callionymus simplicicornis the Simple-spined dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the tropical Pacific Ocean where it is known at depths of around 40 metres (130 ft). This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL.
 Carphina occulta is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne in 1990 and is known from southeastern Brazil.
 Starksia hassi the Ringed blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. It is and inhabitant of coral reefs and can be found at depths of from 6 to 175 metres (20 to 574 ft). This species can reach a length of 4 centimetres (1.6 in) TL.
 The Namaqua Slender Mongoose (Galerella sanguinea swalius) also known as the Namibian Slender Mongoose is a subspecies of the Slender Mongoose. It is endemic to Namibia.
 Thais siro is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mythimna pallidicosta is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found from north-eastern India to western China Taiwan Sundaland Flores the Philippines and Japan.
 The Small Copper American Copper or the Common Copper (Lycaena phlaeas) is a butterfly of the Lycaenids or gossamer-winged butterfly family. According to Guppy and Shepard (2001) its specific name phlaeas is said to be derived either from the Greek Phlego to burn up or from the Latin Floreo to flourish.
 Erythropterus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Erythropterus amabilis Melzer 1934 Erythropterus boliviensis Clarke 2007 Erythropterus cuissi Napp & Monné 2005 Erythropterus kochi Clarke 2007 Erythropterus urucuri Martins & Galileo 2004↑
 Phaedinus schaufussi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Nonfried in 1890.
 Lechriodus aganoposis is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests intermittent freshwater marshes and rural gardens.
 Xenocerus lacrymans is a species of beetles from the family Anthribidae also known as fungus weevils.
 Hybridoneura is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Protolenella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Eois glauculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Eupithecia albisecta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Hypodoras forficulatus is the only species in the genus Hypodoras of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Doradidae. This species is endemic to Peru where it is found in the upper Amazon basin and reaches a length of 10.4 centimetres (4.1 in) SL.
 Viridrillia williami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Tristramella simonis is a species of cichlid fish. It is common in the Sea of Galilee in Israel and may also occur in a tributary of the Jordan River in Syria. It is the only member of the genus Tristramella that certainly remains extant. Of the other three taxa two are certainly extinct and a third is possibly extinct. This species can reach a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) TL.Note that T. intermidia and T. magdelainea are treated as subspecies of T. simonis by FishBase.
 The Northern Three-toed Jerboa (Dipus sagitta) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Dipus.[citation needed]It is found in China Iran Kazakhstan Mongolia Russia Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Anoba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Athrips stepposa is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Ukraine and Russia (southern Ural and Siberia: Tuva).
 Deceit Dancer (foaled 1982 in Ontario) is a Canadian Champion filly Thoroughbred racehorse.
 The Spot-flanked Gallinule (Gallinula melanops) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Paraguay Peru and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater lakes.
 Apsaranycta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kuroshiodaphne phaeacme is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Peloponnese Wall Lizard (Podarcis peloponnesiaca) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is endemic to Greece.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas arable land pastureland plantations and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hormacrus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Hormacrus latus Sloane 1898 Hormacrus minor Blackburn 1890↑
 E. aestuans is a member of the Asilidae family. It ranges from Ontario and New Hampshire south into Florida and New Mexico. It was originally described as Asilus aestuans in Carl Linnaeus' 1763 work Centuria Insectorum.It reaches a body length of 18 mm in males and 23 mm in females.
 Parornix carpinella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Sweden to the Pyrenees Italy and Greece and from Great Britain to Russia.The wingspan is 8–10 mm.The larvae feed on Acer platanoides Acer pseudoplatanus Carpinus betulus Carpinus orientalis and Ostrya carpinifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a small angular full depth blotch often in a vein axle.
 Chondrula tridens is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
 Bucculatrix saccharata is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Agrotis characteristica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ukraine the southern Urals western Siberia the Altai mountains the Sayan Mountains Transbaikal Mongolia northern China (Ordos Hotan) and the Korean Peninsula.
 Cerithidea cingulata is a species of medium sized sea snails or mud snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Potamididae the horn snails.
 Eremochroa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Flax amita is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia (western Java).The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewings are light brown and the subterminal terminal area and fringes are brown. There is a black-brown quadrangular patch in the uppermedial area. The base of the costa is black brown subapically with small black dots. The crosslines are indistinct brown. The terminal line is marked indistinctly with black-brown interveinal dots.
 Diospage violitincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in South America (the type location is Cauca-Tal).
 The Common Ptichodis Moth (Ptichodis herbarum) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States (including Alabama Florida Georgia Maryland Mississippi North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee and Texas). It has also been recorded from Jamaica.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on bush clover and possibly other Lespedeza species.
 The Lesser Pygmy Flying Squirrel (Petaurillus emiliae) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is listed as Data Deficient because it is known only from the type specimen collected in 1901. Adequate surveys have not been done to look for this species and so it cannot be considered Extinct. The Lesser Pygmy Flying Squirrel is arboreal and probably prefers forest. It is threatened by habitat conversion due to agriculture and logging.
 Leptophis ahaetulla commonly known as the lora or parrot snake is a species of medium-sized slender snake of the Colubridae family. It is endemic to Central America and northern South America.
 Scodionista is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Anchemola Sphinx Moth (Eumorpha anchemolus) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Argentina through Central America and into Texas United States.The wingspan is 62-70 mm. It is a large species. It is similar to Eumorpha triangulum but the forewing upperside pattern is less contrasting and variegated.
 Halocaridina rubra is a small red shrimp of the family Atyidae with the common Hawaiian name ʻōpaeʻula (meaning red shrimp).
 The Rufous-breasted Piculet (Picumnus rufiventris) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Coleoxestia julietae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Cystiscus deeae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Amblydoras gonzalezi is a species of thorny catfish found in Colombia and Venezuela. It occurs in the Orinoco River basin and in the Casiquiare canal. This species grows to a length of 9.8 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Proischnura subfurcata is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Nigeria South Africa Tanzania Uganda and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Monoptilota is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hulst in 1900. It contains only one species the Lima-bean Vine Borer Moth (Monoptilota pergratialis) which is found in the central and south-eastern parts of the United States.The wingspan is 21–23 mm. Adults are brownish-grey with whitish scales on the edge and across the end of the forewings. These are marked with small black streaks and are black along the veins.
 Mintho compressa is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Chiromachla perspicua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo Uganda and possibly Kenya.
 The Sunda Scops Owl (Otus lempiji) is a small brown owl that is speckled with black on the upper parts and streaked with black on the lower parts. It has a light collar and dark eyes. This taxon is considered a subspecies of Otus bakkamoena by some authors including BirdLife International.
 Carinodrillia braziliensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Petaloconchus nigricans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Pselaphostena diversicornis is a beetle in the Pselaphostena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1951 by Franciscolo.
 The Olive-bellied Sunbird (Cinnyris chloropygia) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Mali Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.
 The Pink Rose (Pachliopta kotzebuea) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Philippines.Food plants include Aristolochia species.
 Homura is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and contains the species H. nocturnalis. It is found in Brazil.
 Malvoliophis pinguis or the Halfband snake-eel is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in the western Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of Australia and Lord Howe Island.
 Cymaroa grisea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thunberg in 1784. It is found in Lesotho Namibia and South Africa.
 Brachioxena is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Antipathes is a genus of coral in the order Antipatharia composed of black coral so named for its black skeleton. Distinct features vary greatly within this genus containing symmetrically aligned as well as irregularly shaped corals a range of different colors and colonies that can be either sparsely branched or closely packed.
 The Dead Sea Sparrow (Passer moabiticus) as its name suggests is a breeding bird around the River Jordan Dead Sea and into Iraq Iran and western Afghanistan. Breeding recorded in Cyprus (1981/1982) but is probably extinct there now. It is migratory or dispersive although the regular wintering grounds of this nomadic species are largely unknown except that the eastern race winters in Pakistan.
 Gravitcornutia ochrata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 The Ring-billed Gull (Larus delawarensis) is a medium-sized gull.
 Anadelosemia texanella is a species of snout moths in the genus Anadelosemia. It was described by Hulst in 1892. It is found in the south-eastern United States.
 Phalaris (Greek: Φάλαρις) was the tyrant of Acragas (now Agrigento) in Sicily from approximately 570 to 554 BC.
 St. John's keelback Xenochrophis sanctijohannis is a species of snake found in Pakistan and India (Kashmir).
 The White-throated Cacholote (Pseudoseisura gutturalis) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Heliocheilus ferruginosa is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.
 Partulina virgulata is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Peristernia jeaniae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eriophora is a genus of orb-weaver spiders that occur in the Americas Australasia and Africa. Eriophora transmarina is commonly known as the Australian garden orb weaver spider.Most species now grouped under Eriophora have been classified as Araneus at some time in their description history.
 Zephyrichthys barryi is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Indian Ocean waters around western Australia. This species grows to a length of 5.9 centimetres (2.3 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Pieris the whites or garden whites is a widespread genus of butterflies of the family Pieridae. Many species of this genus have caterpillars which feed on cabbage and other members of the Brassicaceae. The chemical basis of this association with a certain plant group has been studied for over 100 years and is now known to occur via a number of biochemical adaptations to chemicals called glucosinolates in these plants.
 Saphenista scalena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).The wingspan is about 14 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream but white in the distal third of the wing. The suffusions are pale brownish yellow and the markings are brown-yellow. The hindwings are whitish but cream at the apex.
 Eilema fuscipes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Posorites turneri is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Zodarion caporiaccoi is a spider species found in Italy.
 Isostyla picata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It occurs along thewestern foothills of the Andes from southern Colombia to southern Ecuador.
 Squalius lucumonis is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found only in Italy.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 The master leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis magister) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in Chile and Peru.
 The Varied Coronet (Hadena compta) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe Morocco Algeria Turkey Israel Lebanon Iraq Iran central Asia southern Russia China and Japan.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.[citation needed]The larvae feed on Dianthus barbatus and Silene vulgaris.
 Hadrurus arizonensis the giant desert hairy scorpion giant hairy scorpion or Arizona Desert hairy scorpion is the largest scorpion in North America and one of the 8–9 species of Hadrurus in the United States attaining a length of 14 cm (5.5 in). Its large size allows it to feed easily on other scorpions and a variety of other prey including lizards and snakes. This species is usually yellow with a dark top and has lobster-like pincers.
 Ctenolita argyrobapta is a moth species in the family of Limacodidae found in Cameroon and in Ghana. The type provided from Bipindé southern Cameroon.This species has a wingspan of 38mm.
 The Signate Melanolophia (Melanolophia signataria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Saskatchewan and east Texas.The wingspan is 30-35 mm. Adults are on wing from March to August.The larvae feed on the leaves of a wide variety of trees including alder elm birch fir larch maple oak poplar and spruce.
 Orsocoma is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Epischidia fulvostrigella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischidia. It was described by Eversmann in 1844. It is found in Russia Romania and Spain.
 Lobopola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Typhlomangelia adenica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Neovenator (nee-o-ven-a-tor) which means new hunter is a genus of allosauroid dinosaur. Since its discovery on the Isle of Wight UK it has become one of the best-known large carnivorous dinosaurs in Europe. Neovenator was at first considered possibly a new species of Megalosaurus. It measured approximately 7.5 meters (24.5 feet) in length and was of a gracile build weighting 1000-2000 kg.
 Aphomoeoma is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Sooretamys angouya also known as the rat-headed rice rat and Paraguayan rice rat is a rodent species from South America. It is found in northeastern Argentina southern Brazil and Paraguay in forested areas within the Atlantic Forest and cerrado. Since 2006 it has been classified as the only species in the genus Sooretamys; previously it was included in the genus Oryzomys.
 Ephestiodes erythrella is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is native to North America where it is found from Texas and Ontario westward including British Columbia California and Utah. It is an introduced species in Hawaii.The wingspan is about 13-16 mm.
 Mastigias is a genus of true jellyfish in the family Mastigiidae. It contains seven described species. Members of this genus are found widely in coastal regions of the Indo-Pacific including saline lakes of Palau (e.g. Jellyfish Lake) but there are also records from the West Atlantic at Florida and Puerto Rico. The West Atlantic records are most likely the result of accidental introductions by humans.
 Phyllonorycter grewiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa Botswana Kenya Namibia and coastal Yemen. The habitat consists of the coastal savannahs of southern and East Africa and the forests belonging to the Zanzibar-Inhambane floristic region.The length of the forewings is 2.4–2.8 mm. The forewings are ochreous dark golden with a metallic shine and with white markings. The hindwings are greyish fuscous with a long pale golden shiny fringe.
 Platyptilia daemonica is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Ethiopia.
 The Plain-winged Antwren (Myrmotherula behni) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Promethichthys prometheus the Roudi escolar is a species of snake mackerel native to the warm temperate and tropical waters of all the oceans where it occurs at depths of from 80 to 800 metres (260 to 2620 ft) (mostly between 300 to 400 metres (980 to 1310 ft)). This species grows to a length of 100 centimetres (39 in) SL though most do not exceed 40 centimetres (16 in) SL.
 Eucereon alba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1894. It is found in Mexico.
 Blastophaga psenes is a wasp species in the genus Blastophaga. The common fig Ficus carica is pollinated by B. psenes. Some cultivars of domestic fig trees are parthenocarpic and don't need to be pollinated by B. psenes to produce fruits. These fruits are seedless and the sterile parthenocarpic cultivars can therefore only be propagated vegetatively.B. psenes is also the vector of the plant parasitic nematode Schistonchus caprifici (Aphelenchoididae).
 Hypancistrus debilittera is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the Orinoco River.
 Hexaplex conatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Rupicapra is a genus of goat antelope called chamois. They belong to the bovine family of hoofed mammals the Bovidae. Two extant species are recognized. One Rupicapra rupicapra has no common name other than simply chamois and is native to the mountains of south and central Europe Turkey and the Caucasuses in southwest Asia. The other species has more recently been recognized as separate from the rest: the Pyrenean chamois (Rupicapra pyrenaica).
 Diala semistriata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dialidae.
 The Tooth-billed Pigeon (Didunculus strigirostris) also known as the Manumea is a large pigeon found only in Samoa. It is the only living species of genus Didunculus. A related extinct species the Tongan Tooth-billed Pigeon (Didunculus placopedetes) is only known from subfossil remains in several archeological sites in Tonga. The Tooth-billed Pigeon is the national bird of Samoa and featured on the 20 tālā bills and the 50 sene pieces of the 2008/2011 series.
 Bucculatrix niveella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Texas and Maine.The forewings are snow white very faintly tinged with yellowish on the front of the tuft and in the apical part with a few scattered brown scales in the costal ciliae and two distinct dark brown hinder marginal lines in the dorsal ciliae. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.
 Pisidium pulchellum is a minute species of pea clam a freshwater bivalve in the family Sphaeriidae.
 Vulpoxena vulpicoma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Neptis nicobule the Scarce Clubbed Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele and Lualaba) Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of wet forests.The larvae feed on Cnestis ferruginea Tetrapleura and Swartzia species.
 Volvarina dalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Copadichromis mbenji is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Tinagma dryadis is a moth of the Douglasiidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1872. It is found in Scandinavia northern Russia France Switzerland Austria and Italy.The wingspan is 7–8 mm. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed on Dryas octopetala.
 Catadromus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Catadromus australis Castelnau 1834 Catadromus cooki Giachino 2005 Catadromus goliath Tschitscherine 1896 Catadromus lacordairei Boisduval 1835 Catadromus simonae Dupuis 1911 Catadromus tenebrioides (Olivier 1790) Catadromus tschitscherini Straneo 1941↑
 The Laura's Woodland Warbler (Phylloscopus laurae) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Caviria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Apopterygion is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae. It has two described species.
 Coleophora delgerella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Amalocichla is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae family. It contains the following species: Greater Ground Robin (Amalocichla sclateriana) Lesser Ground Robin (Amalocichla incerta)
 Thysanoessa is a genus of krill containing the following species:Thysanoessa gregaria G. O. Sars 1885Thysanoessa inermis (Krøyer 1846)Thysanoessa inspinata Nemoto 1963Thysanoessa longicaudata (Krøyer 1846)Thysanoessa longipes Brandt 1851Thysanoessa macrura G. O. Sars 1885Thysanoessa parva Hansen 1905Thysanoessa raschii (M. Sars 1864)Thysanoessa spinifera Holmes 1900Thysanoessa vicina Hansen 1911↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Brune's tryonia scientific name Tryonia brunei is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Serranopsis is a genus of prehistoric fish related to the modern perch.
 Thaumatoneura inopinata is a species of damselfly. It is highly distinct making up a monotypic genus (Thaumatoneura) and subfamily (Thaumatoneurinae). It is sometimes placed in the flatwing damselfly family (Megapodagrionidae) of the superfamily Lestoidea while others consider it a monotypic family Thaumatoneuridae of the Calopterygoidea.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Acrocercops ochroptila is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland and the Northern Territory.The larvae feed on Terminalia catappa. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Clystea rubipectus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1898. It is found on Haiti.
 Marginella gloriosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Gaoligong pika (Ochotona gaoligongensis) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is endemic to China.
 Tom Fool (March 31 1949 – August 20 1976) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse a winner of the American Horse of the Year award and a Hall of Fame inductee. He sired the outstanding racehorses Buckpasser and Tim Tam.
 Hyposmocoma genitalis is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Procambarus milleri the Miami cave crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae. It is endemic to Florida where it is known from 14–15 sites in Dade County and is listed as an endangered species on the IUCN Red List.
 Orthocomotis nitida is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Gymnothorax atolli is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean. It was first named by Pietschmann in 1935 and is commonly known as the Atoll moray.
 Oreta pavaca is a species of moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in China and India.
 Fusinus kobelti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Acrocercops piligera is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Colombia. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 The imitator salamander (Desmognathus imitator) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater springs and rocky areas.
 Rough-footed mud turtle (Kinosternon hirtipes) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family. It is found in United States (Texas) and Mexico: Aguascalientes Chihuahua Coahuila Mexico DF Durango Guanajuato Jalisco Mexico State Michoacán Morelos and Zacatecas.
 The Dark Spinach (Pelurga comitata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The length of the forewings is 16–18 mm. The moth flies from mid June to mid September .The larva feed on orache and goosefoot.
 Muricopsis (Muricopsis) seminolensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hutton's Tube-Nosed Bat (Murina huttoni) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: China India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Viet Nam.
 Cotinis laticornis is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Inape saetiphora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family which is endemic to Peru.The wingspan is 23 millimetres (0.91 in). The ground colour of the forewings is brownish although more grey in the apical third of wing and tinged whitish grey between the fasciae. The markings are dark brown with rust admixture. The hindwings are greyish cream but pale basally and mixed brownish grey and spotted in the distal half.
 True's shrew mole (Dymecodon pilirostris) is a species of mammal in the Talpidae family. It is endemic to Japan.It is the only species in the genus Dymecodon . It was recently moved from the genus Urotrichus.
 Ruthenica is a genus of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 Hilarographa plurimana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 Branneria is a genus of small millipedes in the order Chordeumatida comprising the family Branneriidae. Individuals reach about 4 mm (0.16 in) long. There are two species known found in the southeastern USA: B. bonoculus is found in Arkansas and eastern Texas while B. carinata occurs from North Carolina to Florida and Mississippi. B. bonoculus has 28 body segments while B. carinata has 26.
 The Blue Crane (Anthropoides paradiseus) also known as the Stanley Crane and the Paradise Crane is the national bird of South Africa.
 Spilarctia nobilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1940. It is found in Australia. where it has been recorded from Queensland.The colour of the wings ranges from white to pale yellow with black spots. There are also black spots on the thorax and on the red abdomen.
 Penion benthicolus is a species of large predatory sea snail or true whelk a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The high-spired elimia scientific name †Elimia hartmaniana was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 Coleophora santolinella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain and on Corsica and Sardinia.The larvae feed on Santolina chamaecyparissus. They create a lobe case of about 6 mm long. The case is covered by a large number of erect brownish yellow mined leaves. The mouth angle is 60-90°. Larvae can be found up to June.
 Naarda unipunctata is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 Lemniscia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Bucephalacra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Hypasura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Hypasura hoenei which is found in China (Hunan).
 Megadytes is a mainly Neotropical genus of large diving beetles in family Dytiscidae.
 †Carelia glossema was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea. This species was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
 Coptodon imbriferna is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 Pseudopostega zelopa is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1905. It is known from Pundalu-oya Sri Lanka.
 The Greater Koa Finch (Rhodacanthis palmeri) was a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It was found only in the Hawaiian Islands. It has been extinct since the late 19th century.
 Kessleria mixta is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Albania.The length of the forewings is about 7 mm. The forewings are whitish brown. The hindwings are grey. Adults have been recorded in mid July.
 Taipidon anceyana was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia; it is now extinct.
 Web-footed geckos in the genus palmatogecko are two species of Gecko that live in the Namib Desert. They have webbed feet in order to move more easily across desert sand. They don't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist.The Web-footed gecko uses various clicks squeaks croaks and other sounds to frighten attackers.
 For the mythological clan begat by the Greek king Abas see Abantiades (mythology).Abantiades is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are 14 described species all found exclusively in Australia. The group includes some large species with a wingspan of up to 160 mm. The larvae feed on the roots of Eucalyptus and other trees.The Pindi Moth (A.
 This article is about the racehorse for the folksong see Pretty Polly (ballad)Pretty Polly (1901-17 August 1931) was an outstanding British bred Thoroughbred racehorse and an outstanding broodmare. She won fifteen consecutive races and was only the fifth filly to win the British Fillies Triple Crown since its inception in 1814.
 Turlina is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Gillmeria vesta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East.
 Pseudomyoleja is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Lepetodrilus atlanticus is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Trichorrhages is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Fusinus alcimus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Ditropis whitei is a species of land snails with opercula terrestrial gastropods in the family Cyclophoridae.This species is endemic to Australia.
 Lafonius is an extinct genus dvinosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trimerorhachidae.
 Thelazia callipaeda is a parasitic nematode and the most common cause of thelaziasis (or eyeworm infestation) in humans dogs and cats. It was first discovered in the eyes of a dog in China in 1910. By 2000 over 250 human cases had been reported in the medical literature.
 Pilodeudorix virgata the Small Green-streaked Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south east and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the northern half of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 Pseudopelmatops is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Khaled (1943–1968) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse best known as a sire in the United States. Bred and raced in England by the H. H. Aga Khan III Khaled was sired by Hyperion the 1933 Epsom Derby and St. Leger Stakes winner and a six-time Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland. Hyperion was a son of 1918 English Triple Crown champion Gainsborough. Khaled was out of the mare Eclair and his damsire Ethnarch was a son of The Tetrarch.
 The Sichuan Partridge (Arborophila rufipectus) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is found only in China where it is classified as a nationally protected animal. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Small Yellow Wave (Hydrelia flammeolaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone from western Europe to Japan.The wingspan is 14–20 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid May to August.The larvae feed on various deciduous trees including Alnus (including Alnus glutinosa and Alnus incana) and Acer (including Acer campestris) species. Larvae can be found from July to September. It overwinters as a pupa.
 The Australian blenny (Ecsenius australianus) are small marine blennioid fish of the genus Ecsenius. They are small and reddish-brown with a white ventral side. Australian blennies inhabit the shallow marine waters of the tropics. They are often found along the Great Barrier Reef and Coral Sea of Australia.
 The Luteous Dart (Abagrotis trigona) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from western South Dakota and south-western Manitoba west across southern Saskatchewan and Alberta to Vancouver Island south to the Mexican border. There is also a disjunct population in Ohio.The wingspan is 28–30 mm. Adults are on wing in August.
 Vanessa abyssinica the Abyssinian Admiral is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania Uganda Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of montane forests.The larvae feed on Urtica masaica and Obetia pinnatifida.
 Ulidia nitida is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Thais savignyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Austroagrion cyane the south-western billabongfly is a species of damselfly commonly found in Australia.
 Mordellistena nigrobimaculata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Chabaut in 1924.
 Eurylomia cordula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico and Honduras.
 Crasimorpha infuscata is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is native to Brazil but has been purposely introduced to Hawaii in 1960-1961 to control Christmas berry. It seems the moth did not become established however.The male has a small yellow subcostal brush on the hindwing.The larvae feed on Schinus terebinthifolius. They bore into the terminal parts of the host and form galls. The larval attack thus reduces flowering and seed formation.
 The Artichoke Plume Moth (Platyptilia carduidactyla) is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America from Mexico north into the United States.The wingspan is 19–32 mm. Adults are on wing in July in Mexico and from May to September further north.The larvae feed on Arctium Carduus Cirsium Cynara and Silybum species. They are a pest of Cynara scolymus. The females lay their eggs on the bottom side of Artichoke plants. The caterpillars can cause considerable damage.
 The Variegated Bristle Tyrant (Phylloscartes poecilotis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The ruddy mongoose (Herpestes smithii) is a species of mongoose found in hill forests of peninsular India and Sri Lanka. This mongoose along with the striped-necked mongoose are the only mongoose species endemic to India and Sri Lanka. The ruddy mongoose is a very closely related to Indian grey mongoose but distinguished by its slightly larger size and black tipped tail extending for 2 to 3 inches at the distal end. There are two sub-species of this mongoose H.
 Loring's Rat (Thallomys loringi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.The species is named for John Alden Loring.
 The term rock sparrow can also be used to refer to the genus Petronia as wholeThe Rock Sparrow (Petronia petronia) is a small passerine bird. This sparrow breeds on barren rocky hills from the Iberian peninsula and western north Africa across southern Europe and through central Asia. It is largely resident in the west of its range but Asian birds migrate to more southerly areas or move down the mountains.
 Macroprotodon is a genus of snakes in the Colubridae family. All of the members of the genus are commonly known as false smooth snakes.It contains these species: M. abubakeri M. brevis - western false smooth snake M. cucullatus - false smooth snake M. mauritanicusSome authorities consider some of these species to be subspecies of the other species.
 Auratonota dominica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Dominica.
 Pseudohemihyalea celsicola is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1982. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Joculator lividus is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Leptobrachium banae is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is found in Laos Vietnam and possibly Cambodia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss. This species was discovered by Ba Na hunters and is largely brown with red-orange spots on the back and bright red and black stripes on its limbs.
 Gonimbrasia belina is a species of moth found in much of Southern Africa whose large edible caterpillar the mopani or mopane worm is an important source of protein for millions of indigenous Southern Africans.
 Belgica is a flightless midge genus in the family Chironomidae containing the two species: Belgica albipes and Belgica antarctica.
 Turbo cailletii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Spongia is a genus of marine sponges in the family Spongiidae originally described by Linnaeus in 1759 containing more than 50 species. Some species including Spongia officinalis are used as cleaning tools but have mostly been replaced in that use by synthetic or plant material.
 Rana tavasensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to Turkey.Its natural habitats are temperate forests temperate grassland and rivers.
 The Eastern Bronze-naped Pigeon (Columba delegorguei) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Angola Kenya Malawi Mozambique South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. It is part of the Turturoena subgenus.
 Plesiopterys is an extinct genus of plesiosaur.
 The Northern Golden Bulbul (Alophoixus mystacalis) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Until recently it was considered conspecific with the Seram Golden Bulbul and the Northern Golden Bulbul.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Rhopalostyla virgata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Rhopalostyla.
 Lymnaea fusca is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae.
 Lyopsettinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family. It consists of just one genus Lyopsetta.
 Evergestis extimalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Eurasia.The wingspan is 27–31 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Brassicaceae species.
 Diminovula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 The California Whipsnake Masticophis lateralis and also known as the Striped Racer is a colubrid snake. It is found in habitats of the coast desert and foothills of California.
 Congrosoma evermanni or the Evermann's conger is a species of eel in the family Congridae. It is the only member of its genus. It is only found in the Pacific Ocean off the west coast of Panama at a depth of 333 meters.
 Salma validalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka Borneo and Taiwan.
 Gibberula candida is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Graphium gudenusi is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda Burundi and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 Erketu is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous. It was a sauropod with an extremely long neck. Its fossils were found in Mongolia.The type species Erketu ellisoni was described in March 2006 by Daniel Ksepka and Mark Norell of the American Museum of Natural History. Its neck was estimated to be twice as long as its body which may be a record for neck to body ratio. The exact ratio is unknown because no dorsal vertebrae of E.
 Hyposmocoma kawaikoi is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The species belongs to the amphibious caterpillar guild of the Hyposmocoma genus.
 Nodipecten is a genus of large scallops marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae the scallops. These scallops often have attractive strongly colored thick shells. The generic name Nodipecten means nodular scallop because in this genus the shell is usually sculpted with regular very large nodes.
 The genus Poicephalus comprises nine species of parrots native to various regions of the Afrotropic ecozone including Sub-Saharan Africa ranging from Senegal in the west Ethiopia in the east and to South Africa in the south. Several of the species exist in slightly different forms (or subspecies).They are stocky birds with short broad tails and relatively large heads and beaks for their size. (Poicephalus from the Ancient Greek literally means made of head).
 Curalium cronini a true bug is the sole member of the insect family Curaliidae.
 Monopelopia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Calliotropis tiara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Xenotilapia nasus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 9.3 centimetres (3.7 in) TL.
 Ventricolaria is a genus of molluscs in the family Veneridae.
 Schizochirus insolens is a species of sandburrower native to the coastal waters and bays of eastern Australia from Rockhampton Queensland to Sydney. This species grows to a length of 5.3 centimetres (2.1 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Neumichtis expulsa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 Eumenogaster baura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by D. Jones in 1914. It is found in Brazil.
 Daphnella cheverti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Petrosina is the name of a suborder of marine haplosclerid sponges. It includes three families.
 Thais bitubercularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hypercallia is a genus of gelechioid moths. In the systematic layout used here it is placed in the subfamily Amphisbatinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae).
 The Piute ground squirrel (Urocitellus mollis) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae. It is endemic to the Western United States in parts of California Idaho Nevada Oregon Utah and Washington. It is found in the Great Basin region.
 The Malachite Kingfisher (Alcedo cristata) is a river kingfisher which is widely distributed in Africa south of the Sahara. It is largely resident except for seasonal climate related movements.This is a small kingfisher 13 centimetres (5.1 in) in length. The general colour of the upper parts of the adult bird is bright metallic blue. The head has a short crest of black and blue feathers which gives rise to the scientific name.
 Diodercarus arrowi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Diodercarus.
 Eleutherodactylus junori is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rocky areas rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phyllonorycter rostrispinosa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Kyūshū Honshū).The wingspan is about 5.5 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus serrata Quercus acutissima and Quercus variabilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a ptychonomous leaf mine situated between two veins on the underside of the leaf.
 Eupithecia valdivia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the region of Los Lagos (Valdivia Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Valdivian Forest Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm. Both the fore- and hindwings are covered with a mixture of greyish white dark brown and brownish black scales. Adults have been recorded on wing in October.
 Tetraphalerus is a genus of beetles in the family Ommatidae containing the following species: Tetraphalerus antiquus Ponomarenko 1964 Tetraphalerus bontsaganensis Ponomarenko 1997 Tetraphalerus brevicapitis Pononarenko & Martinez-Delclos 2000 Tetraphalerus brevis Ponomarenko 1964 Tetraphalerus bruchi Heller 1913 recent Tetraphalerus collaris Ponomarenko 1997 Tetraphalerus fentaiensis (Ren 1995) Tetraphalerus glabratus Ponomarenko 1997 Tetraphalerus grandis Ponomarenko 1964 Tetraphalerus incertus Ponomarenko 1969 Tetraphalerus laetus Lin Qibin 1976 Tetraphalerus largicoxa Lin Qibin 1986 Tetraphalerus longicollis Ponomarenko 1997 Tetraphalerus macilentus (Ren 1995) Tetraphalerus maximus Ponomarenko 1968 Tetraphalerus mongolicus Ponomarenko 1986 Tetraphalerus notatus Ponomarenko 1997 Tetraphalerus okhotensis Ponomarenko in Cromov et al. 1993 Tetraphalerus oligocenicus (Crowson 1962) Tetraphalerus penalveri Soriano & Delclòs 2006 Tetraphalerus ponomarenkoi Soriano & Delclòs 2006 Tetraphalerus surrectus (Ren 1995) Tetraphalerus tenuipes Ponomarenko 1964 Tetraphalerus verrucosus Ponomarenko 1966 Tetraphalerus wagneri Waterhouse 1901 recent↑
 Eois costalaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The spongehead catshark (Apristurus spongiceps) is a rare species of deep-sea catshark family Scyliorhinidae. This species was only known from two specimens taken in the Pacific Ocean: an adult from near Bird Island Hawaii and a juvenile from the Banda Sea off Sulawesi. They are found on or near the bottoms of insular continental slopes at depths of 570 to 1480 meters.
 Scaloposaurus is an extinct carnivorous genus of therocephalian living during the Triassic 251.0—245.0 Ma existing for approximately 5 million years.
 Leptomiza calcearia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan Bhutan and India.The wingspan is 36–42 mm.
 Hedotettix xueshanensis is an insect found in China belonging to the Tetrigidae family.
 Prototheora malawiensis is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in Malawi.
 Asura liparidia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Crested Coua (Coua cristata) is a medium-sized approximately 44 cm long greenish-grey coua with grey crest blue bare orbital skin rufous breast brown iris black bill and legs white belly and long white-tipped purplish-blue tail feathers. They are very attractive birds.The Crested Coua is distributed and endemic to forests savanna and brushland of Madagascar. It is found from sea-level to altitude of 900 metres.
 Apareiodon is a genus of scrapetooths from South America where found as far south as Río de la Plata. There are currently 15 described species in this genus.
 Rhyacionia pinicolana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from northern and central Europe to eastern Russia and Korea.The wingspan is 16–23 mm. Adults are on wing from mid July to the end of August.The larvae feed on Pinus sylvestris Pinus halepensis and Pinus nigra var. nigra. In Pinus sylvestris the larvae feed in the shoots causing a resinous exudation and distortion sometimes causing damage to the leading shoot.
 Orania maestratii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Salmo balcanicus is a type of trout a fish in the Salmonidae family. It is endemic to Lake Ohrid and its outlet in Macedonia and Albania in the Balkans. Salmo balcanicus is one of four different forms of the Ohrid trout complex which is endemic to the single lake along with Salmo letnica Salmo aphelios and Salmo lumi.
 Trifurcula montana is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Spain and Sardinia.The wingspan is 5.6-7.2 mm for males and 5.8-7.8 for females.Adults have been collected at light from April to July in the mountains of Spain and Sardinia between 600 and 2000 meters above sea level always close to Thymus vulgaris the possible host plant.
 Tephritoresta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Ranularia sinensis common name : the Chinese triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.This species was originally described by Reeve in 1844 as Cymatium (Ranularia) sinense
 Physalaemus albonotatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and possibly Uruguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Epirhinus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Blue-winged Mountain Tanager (Anisognathus somptuosus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae the tanagers. It is native to South America where it is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. It is a common species and its populations appear to be stable.
 Euchroaria is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Euchroaria coraeboides Obenberger 1924 Euchroaria subcornuta (Fairmaire 1891)↑
 Pingasa hypoxantha is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Kenya.
 Lanistes ovum is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an African apple snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae.This species of snail is widely found in Botswana Congo Chad Ghana Cameroon Gambia Angola Namibia Niger Nigeria Tanzania Mozambique Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 The Catarina pupfish (Megupsilon aporus) was a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It was endemic to Mexico. It is now extinct in the wild with specimens only surviving in two aquariums. This species grows to a length of 4 centimetres (1.6 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Eupithecia sperryi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Mexico and the White Mountain region of Arizona.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The ground color of the forewings is pale with a large discal dot and brownish costal patches as well as terminal dark shading.
 Diadem (1914–1931) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1000 Guineas in 1917. She went on to become a top sprinter recording two victories in both the King's Stand Stakes and the July Cup. In total she won 24 of her 39 races. Diadem was bred and owned by Edgar Vincent 1st Viscount D'Abernon and trained by George Lambton. The Diadem Stakes at Ascot Racecourse was named after her.
 Astralium pileolum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Dolgoma cribrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in eastern Asia more specifically Russia (Amur Primorye) China (Heilongjiang Sichuan Yunan) Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 22–30 mm.
 Argyroeides magon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 The Mascarene Coot (Fulica newtoni) is an extinct species of coot that inhabited the Mascarene islands of Mauritius and Réunion. Long known from subfossil bones found in the Mare aux Songes swamp on the former island but only assumed from descriptions to also have been present on the latter remains have more recently been found on Réunion also.
 Muregina lugubris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Osteocephalus oophagus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana and possibly Suriname. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is also reported to produce bufotenin.Females return to the egg deposition sites at intervals of about five days and usually in amplexus with the same male and produce eggs that serve as food for the tadpoles hence the specific name meaning egg eater.
 Leuciscus latus is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. This one has been reported from Afghanistan and Iraq.
 Oenomaus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Goleba is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Necrolestes patagonensis (Grave Robber or Thief of the Dead) is an extinct species of non-therian mammal that during the early Miocene in what is now Argentine Patagonia.The type species was named by Florentino Ameghino in 1891 based on remains found by his brother Carlos Ameghino in Patagonia.About one-third of the skeleton of N. patagonensis—including most of the skull—has been found as disassociated bones of several individuals.
 Staphylinochrous euryperialis is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family.It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic Uganda and Zimbabwe.
 Tetrarhanis nubifera the White on-off is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and possibly south-eastern Nigeria. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Conus stearnsii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Hylemeridia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gemmula hawleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Heliozela microphylla is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 The Indochinese short-tailed shrew (Blarinella griselda) is a species of mammal of the Soricidae family found in China and Vietnam.
 Nyceryx lunaris is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador.It can be distinguished from other Nyceryx species by the semitransparent spots in the distal half of the forewing and middle of the hindwing and the salmon-pink basal area of the hindwing upperside.Adults are probably on wing year round.
 The Bolivian red howler (Alouatta sara) is a species of howler monkey a type of New World monkey endemic to Bolivia. It can be found in rain forests including riverine and seasonally flooded forests.
 Eupithecia improvisa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Pakistan.
 Deloneura subfusca the Dusky Buff is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (from the southern part of the country to Lualaba) Tanzania (from the south-west to Mpanda) Zambia Malawi and Zimbabwe (the Harare district). The habitat consists of woodland.
 Orthalicus is a genus of land snails in the family Orthalicidae.
 The Smallscale lizardfish (Saurida caribbaea) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Western Atlantic.
 Eupithecia chesiata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Xinjiang).
 Schistura waltoni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The Lime Blue (Chilades lajus) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Neptis stellata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Syzeuxis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The natterjack toad (Epidalea calamita formerly Bufo calamita) is a toad native to sandy and heathland areas of Europe. Adults are 60–70 mm in length and are distinguished from common toads by a yellow line down the middle of the back and parallel paratoid glands.
 Coleophora romieuxi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Oryzias marmoratus is a species of fish in the Adrianichthyidae family.
 Thitarodes yongshengensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is found in China.
 The Dingy Bushbrown or Common Bushbrown (Mycalesis perseus) is a species of satyrine butterfly found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
 Thysanoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Scopula umbratilinea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Nassarius clarus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Famelica mirmidina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Ornipholidotos likouala is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Gorgopis auratilis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It originates from South Africa.
 Esmeralda is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Esmeralda coerulea (Schoenherr 1817) Esmeralda costulata Bates 1891 Esmeralda laetifica Bates 1869 Esmeralda polita (Fragoso & Monné 1988)↑
 Oliva virgata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Loxostege is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Acrobasis foroiuliensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Huemer and Nuss in 2007. It is found in Italy.
 Pempteurys sericans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pempteurys.
 Nassaria acuminata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Cerotalis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cerotalis amabilis Sloane 1890 Cerotalis brachypleura Sloane 1898 Cerotalis longipes Sloane 1898 Cerotalis majuscula (Putzeys 1868) Cerotalis semiviolacea Castelnau 1867 Cerotalis substriata Castelnau 1867 Cerotalis versicolor Castelnau 1867↑
 Clypeomorus inflata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Saurita incerta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Panama and Colombia.
 Ia is a genus of bat in the family Vespertilionidae. It belongs to the subfamily Vespertilioninae and has been placed in the tribe Vespertilionini. In the past it has also been considered a synonym or subgenus of the genera Pipistrellus or Eptesicus which used to contain many more species than they do now. Ia comprises a single living species the great evening bat (I. io) of eastern and southeastern Asia and one extinct fossil species I. lanna from the Miocene epoch in Thailand.
 Strubellia paradoxa is a species of freshwater slug a shell-less freshwater gastropod an aquatic gastropod mollusk within the clade Acochlidiacea.Strubellia paradoxa is the only species in the genus Strubellia.
 The Snowy Urola Moth (Urola nivalis) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found from southern Canada and Maine south to Florida and west to Illinois and Texas.The wingspan is 15-23 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on various grasses and are considered a pest of Ligustrum species.
 Bombus norvegicus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
 Pupina difficilis is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pupinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Hippurarctia ferrigera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1910. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and Uganda.
 Scopula pinguis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Korea Japan and Taiwan.
 Peltops is a genus of bird in the butcherbird family Cracticidae. The genus contains two species endemic to the island of New Guinea. The genus was once placed with the monarch flycatchers but molecular and morphometric studies place it closer to the butcherbirds possibly as a sister taxon to this group. The genus is named for the Greek pelte meaning small shield and ops meaning face. The species have also had the common name of shieldbill.
 Pasiphila vieta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 Tajuria matsutaroi motokoae [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is a subspecies of Tajuria matsutaroi. This subspecies is rarely found on Leyte Island in the Philippines. Forewing length is 16-19mm. ssp. motokoae is distinguishable from the nominotypical subspecies by the following characters of the upperside: 1)♂ ♀; ground colour is decidedly darker and clearly tinged with purple while only slightly tinged with pale purple in ssp.
 Coleophora gobincola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Xylophanes meridanus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Surinam.It is similar to Xylophanes amadis but the pale median band is always interrupted by black streaks along the veins particularly those of the posterior part of the wing.The larvae possibly feed on Psychotria panamensis Psychotria nervosa and Pavonia guanacastensis.
 Nembrotha milleri is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. This species was named after the nudibranch enthusiast Michael D. Miller.
 Lampronia flavimitrella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in most of Europe with the exception of Iceland Ireland the Iberian Peninsula and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 13–15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and are active in the afternoon sunshine.The larvae probably feed on Rubus idaeus and Rubus caesius.
 Glipa komiyai is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 2000.
 Peltodoris atromaculata is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Leiolopisma is a genus of skinks. Most species occur in the region of New Caledonia-New Zealand and they are related to other genera from that general area such as Emoia; these and others form the Eugongylus group.
 Anasphaltis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Pterotyphis zealandicus is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Lusitanichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 The March Dagger Moth (Diurnea fagella) is a moth of the family Chimabachidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 19–29 mm. The moth flies in one generation from March to May depending on the location.The larvae feed on various deciduous trees such as Birch and Oak.
 Ctenoglypta is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae the hive snails.
 The Greater Sand Plover (Charadrius leschenaultii) is a small wader in the plover family of birds. The spelling is commonly given as Greater Sandplover or Greater Sand-Plover but the official British Ornithologists' Union spelling is Greater Sand Plover.It breeds in the semi-deserts of Turkey and eastwards through Central Asia. It nests in a bare ground scrape. This species is strongly migratory wintering on sandy beaches in east Africa south Asia and Australasia.
 Peridroma cinctipennis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Aleurites moluccana Cheirodendron various grasses Lythrum mango Metrosideros Pittosporum Sonchus and Wikstroemia species.
 Baryancistrus is a genus of freshwater Loricariid catfish. They inhabit regions of the Amazon river in countries such as Brazil and Venezuela.Most Baryancistrus are differentiated from other related genera by a membrane connecting their dorsal fin and adipose fin not present in most other genera.The species of this genus are mainly herbivores and detritivores but may take other foods too. Most have probably not been bred in captivity.
 Nimbacinus dicksoni was an ancient relative of the modern but extinct Thylacine. It lived approximately 23-16 million years ago in the Miocene period. Nimbacinus dicksoni was about 1.6 ft (50 cm) long. Being a predator it probably ate birds small mammals and reptiles. Like the modern thylacine it may have been an awkward runner and used stamina to catch prey rather than speed.
 Sympistis sokar is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Oregon.
 Eudonia delunella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various mosses and Lichen.
 Trombidium geniculatum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae. It is found in Spain Romania Poland and Norway.
 Napeogenes quadrilis is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Ballerus is a genus of cyprinid fish containing two Eurasian species.
 Gibbibarbus cyphotergous is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in China.
 Eulamprus the water skinks are a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae. The genus Eulamprus belongs to a clade in the Sphenomorphus group that contains other genera such as Ctenotus and Anomalopus. Even closer related to Eulamprus than these two genera seems to be the Prickly Skink (Gnypetoscincus queenslandiae).
 Laccocenus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Laccocenus ambiguus Sloane 1890 Laccocenus vicinus Moore 2004↑
 Pexicopia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae it consists 22 species as the Hollyhock Seed Moth (Pexicopia malvella) which is found in Europe.The moths are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Althaea officinalis.
 Clavatula lelieuri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Chatham Oystercatcher or Chatham Island Oystercatcher (Haematopus chathamensis) is a species of oystercatcher. It is a wading bird endemic to the Chatham Islands New Zealand.This species is rated by the IUCN as endangered and has a current population of 310 to 325 birds (2004 census). The main threat is from introduced predators.
 Dioryctria adamsi is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Neunzig and Dow in 1993 and is known from Belize.
 Amalda lineata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Eugamandus tuberculatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1942 and is known from Cuba.
 Suidae is the biological family to which pigs belong. In addition to numerous fossil species up to sixteen extant species are currently recognized classified into between four and eight genera. The family includes the domestic pig Sus scrofa domesticus or Sus domesticus in addition to numerous species of wild pig such as the babirusa Babyrousa babyrussa and the warthog Phacochoerus aethiopicus.
 Blemus discus is a ground beetle species in the genus Blemus.
 The Yellow-throated Scrubwren (Sericornis citreogularis) is a passerine bird found in parts of eastern coastal Australia. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.A small ground-dwelling bird that inhabits wet forest or rainforest it is insectivorous. The bird has a distinctive yellow throat and eybrow.
 Copitype is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Turbonilla pyrgidium is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Saint Lucia lancehead or Saint Lucia pit viper (Bothrops caribbaeus) is a species of venomous snake which is endemic to the West Indies.
 Dasypyga independencia is a species of snout moths in the genus Dasypyga. It was described by Neunzig in 1996 and is known from the Dominican Republic.The length of the forewings is 11-12.5 mm. The basal and subbasal area of the forewings is brownish purple while the median area is mostly reddish brown ochre and pale purple. The hindwings are dark brownish grey.The larvae possibly feed on mistletoe.
 Cyclophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It is found from New Guinea Australia and on islands in many parts of the Pacific.
 Celeric is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse. He improved from running in minor handicaps to Group One level and recorded his most important win in the 1997 Ascot Gold Cup. In the same year he was named European Champion Stayer at the Cartier Racing Awards. He won thirteen of his forty-two races in a career which lasted from 1994 until his retirement at the age of eight in 2000.
 Chthonius minotaurus is a species of pseudoscorpion in the Chthoniusidae family that is endemic to Crete.
 Lampadena is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Oboronia bueronica the Ginger Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found along the southern coast of Kenya and in north-eastern Tanzania Malawi Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of dense forests.Both sexes are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Costus species. They are associated with very small unidentified dark brown ants.
 Agylla flavitincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1899. It is found in Ecuador.
 Scotorythra gomphias is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Bobea Pisonia and Straussia species.
 Cardioglossa cyaneospila is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Known as the Bururi long-fingered frog it was rediscovered in December 2011 after having not been seen since 1949.
 Proneomenia quincarinata is a species of mollusc of solenogastres in the family Proneomeniidae. Solenogastres may or may not be the sister group of chitons.
 The Meadow Rue Borer (Papaipema unimoda) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the north-eastern United States and southern Canada east of the Rocky Mountains.The wingspan is 30–40 mm. Adults are on wing from August to October in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Thalictrum Rudbeckia Smilax and Polemonium species. They bore in the roots and stems of their host plant.
 Xenotrachea auroviridis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India (including Bengal).
 Poeciloxestia coriacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The oyster mussel (Epioblasma capsaeformis) is a rare species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae. This aquatic bivalve mollusk is native to Kentucky Tennessee Alabama and Virginia in the United States. It has been extirpated from the states of Georgia and North Carolina. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This mussel was once widely distributed and common in the Cumberland and Tennessee River drainages including many tributaries.
 The Plymouth anole (Anolis lividus) is a species of anole lizard that is endemic to the island of Montserrat in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. It is widespread and abundant in many areas.Individuals vary widely in appearance. Males can be grass-green or yellow-green and may be plain or with lighter blue speckling towards the anterior and a rust-red tint over the head and limbs. Others are olive-green or gray with widespread pale spots.
 Lophopleurella capensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae.Lophopleurella capensis is the only species in the genus Lophopleurella.The specific name capensis is from the Latin language meaning of the Cape i.e. from the Cape Province.
 Allogona ptychophora is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Trisopterus is a genus of small cods native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean including the Mediterranean Sea.
 Acanthochirana is an extinct genus of prawn that existed during the upper Jurassic period. It was named by Strand in 1928 and contains five species including Acanthochirana cordata. They are distinguished from the related genus Aeger by the presence of teeth on the rostrum which are absent in Aeger.
 Eupithecia subtilis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan Iran Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan and Pakistan. It is found at altitudes between 1500 and 3500 meters.
 Spurius is a small genus of passalid beetles from Mesoamerica.
 Xanthodaphne egregia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dahbiah.
 The Sichuan takin or Tibetan takin (Budorcas taxicolor tibetana) is a subspecies of takin (goat-antelope). Budorcas from Greek bous (ox or cow) and dorkas (gazelle); taxicolor from Latin taxus (badger) and color (hue) referring to badger-like coloration Listed as a vulnerable species the Sichuan takin is native to Tibet and the provinces of Sichuan Gansu and Xinjiang in the People's Republic of China.
 The Blue-and-yellow Macaw (Ara ararauna) also known as the Blue-and-gold Macaw is a large South American parrot with blue top parts and yellow under parts. It is a member of the large group of Neotropical parrots known as macaws.
 Pleurotomella endeavourensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Baliochila pseudofragilis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of forest margins and open patches in forests at altitudes between 1400 and 1800 metres.
 Lemyra nigricosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1990. It is found in Taiwan.
 Phyllonorycter trojana is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Montenegro Macedonia and Greece.The larvae feed on Quercus trojana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a small lower-surface tentiform mine with one strong fold. The roof is completely eaten out most of the time. The cocoon is located in the mine and the frass is scattered around it in a horse-shoe like shape.
 Ceroctena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ictonyx is a genus in the Mustelidae family (weasels). It contains two species: Saharan striped polecat (Ictonyx libycus) Striped polecat (Ictonyx striatus)↑
 Chlorolychnis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Plagionotus astecus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Plagionotus.
 Streptocionella singularis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The West Indian Woodpecker (Melanerpes superciliaris) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in the Bahamas Cayman Islands and Cuba.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and heavily degraded former forest.The species has been observed to have a polyandrous breeding system with one female raising two broods with different males concurrently.
 Longitarsus obliteratus is a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family.
 Areva is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Neopostega is a genus of moths of the Opostegidae family.
 The Chestnut-flanked White-eye (Zosterops erythropleurus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is found in Cambodia China Hong Kong Japan North Korea South Korea Laos Myanmar Russia Thailand and Vietnam. The species is migratory breeding in northern China and migrating to South East Asia in the winter. It is the most migratory species of white-eye.
 Chelis reticulata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Christoph in 1887. It is found in the Caucasus Transcaucasia Armenia the Kopet Dagh Asia Minor Syria northern Lebanon and northern Iran.
 Ficimia publia (common name blotched hooknose snake) is a species of colubrid snake indigenous to southern Mexico (Yucatan Jalisco and Morelos) Belize Guatemala and Honduras.
 Araeosoma parviungulatum is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Araeosoma and lives in the sea. Araeosoma parviungulatum was first scientifically described in 1934 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 The Map-winged Swift (Pharmacis fusconebulosa) is a moth belonging to the family Hepialidae. It has a patchy distribution throughout Eurasia. It was previously placed in the genus Hepialus and some references still place it there.This moth gets its common name from the variegated pattern of the forewing in various shades of black brown and white which look rather like a map (although there are plainer forms).
 Exilisia pluripunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1900. It is found on Madagascar.
 Tortyra hoguella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Costa Rica including Cocos Island from which is was described.The length of the forewings is 5.2-6.5 mm. It has one of the most unusual wing patterns in the Tortyra genus due to the prominent white forewing fascia.
 Vokesimurex multiplicatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.There are tow subspecies: Vokesimurex multiplicatus bantamensis (Martin 1895) (synonyms: Murex (Haustellum) bantamensis (Martin 1895); Murex (Haustellum) bantamensis var. oostinghi Wissema 1947; Murex bantamensis Martin 1895) Vokesimurex multiplicatus multiplicatus (G.B. Sowerby III 1895) (synonym: † Murex embryoliratus P.J. Fischer 1927 )↑
 Acathartus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Acathartus insignis (Grouvelle 1895) Acathartus mizoramensis Pal & Halstead 1998↑
 Conus pacificus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Fraus mediaspina is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.
 Atta colombica is one of 41 species of leafcutter ant. This species is part of the Attini tribe (the fungus-growing ants).
 Dauber (1935–1947) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1938 Preakness Stakes. Bred by Sonny Whitney he was sired by Harry Payne Whitney's 1913 Futurity Stakes winner Pennant. His dam was Ship of War a daughter of Man o' War.Dauber was purchased by William duPont Jr. and raced by his Foxcatcher Farms. Under trainer Richard Handlen his best result in a major race for two-year-olds was a third in the 1937 Pimlico Futurity.
 Gemophos viverratoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Eulima philippii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Sitana is a genus of lizard from the family Agamidae found in Nepal and India Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
 Marimatha piscimala is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-eastern Texas to Arizona southward to Panama.Adults are on wing from mid-April to mid-October probably in several generations.
 The Actiniaria form an order of animals in the class Anthozoa that includes sea anemones.Suborder EndocoelantheaeFamily ActinernidaeFamily HalcuriidaeSuborder NyantheaeInfraorder AthenariaFamily AndresiidaeFamily AndwakiidaeFamily EdwardsiidaeFamily GalatheanthemidaeFamily HalcampidaeFamily HalcampoididaeFamily HaliactiidaeFamily HaloclavidaeFamily IlyanthidaeFamily LimnactiniidaeFamily OctineonidaeInfraorder BoloceroidariaFamily BoloceroididaeFamily NevadneidaeInfraorder ThenariaFamily AcontiophoridaeFamily ActiniidaeFamily ActinodendronidaeFamily ActinoscyphiidaeFamily ActinostolidaeFamily AiptasiidaeFamily AiptasiomorphidaeFamily AliciidaeFamily AurelianidaeFamily BathyphelliidaeFamily CondylanthidaeFamily DiadumenidaeFamily DiscosomidaeFamily ExocoelactiidaeFamily HaliplanellidaeFamily HormathiidaeFamily IosactiidaeFamily IsanthidaeFamily IsophelliidaeFamily LiponematidaeFamily MetridiidaeFamily MinyadidaeFamily NemanthidaeFamily ParactidaeFamily PhymanthidaeFamily SagartiidaeFamily SagartiomorphidaeFamily StichodactylidaeFamily ThalassianthidaeSuborder ProtantheaeFamily GonactiniidaeSuborder PtychodacteaeFamily PreactiidaeFamily Ptychodactiidae
 Mantidactylus decaryi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Afflicted Dagger Moth (Acronicta afflicta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Canada (Nova Scotia Quebec and Ontario) the United States (including Alabama North Carolina Oklahoma Georgia Maryland New York and Ohio) as well as northern Mexico.The wingspan is about 36 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various Quercus species.
 Acrolepia peyerhimoffella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Sand in 1879.
 Alosa macedonica (liparia or Macedonian shad) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family. It is endemic to Greece. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bryotropha parapurpurella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (Siberia: Transbaikalia).
 The Forget-me-not (Catochrysops strabo) is a small butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. It is found in Ceylon India from Sikkim to Indochina and in Sundaland Sulawesi and the Philippines. The wingspan is 25–30 mm.The larvae feed on Ougeinia dalbergioides Schleichera trijuga and Desmodium species.
 The White-bellied Warbler (Basileuterus culicivorus hypoleucus) is a bird in the Parulidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay. It resembles the closely related Golden-crowned Warbler (the two sometimes hybridize) but its underparts are entirely whitish instead of yellow. Recently the South American Classification committee of the AOU reclassified the White-bellied Warbler as a subspecies of the Golden-crowned Warbler based on studies by Lovette et al.
 Cochlespira pulchella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Coleophora daeva is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Seminemacheilus is a genus of stone loaches native to western Asia with species known from Turkey and Iran.
 Streniastis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Haminoea is a genus of medium-sized sea snails or bubble snails marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Haminoeidae the haminoea bubble snails part of the clade Cephalaspidea the headshield slugs and bubble snails.Three different spellings (Haminoea Haminea Haminaea) were used for this genus over two hundred years. The ICZN finally made a decision that the correct spelling is Haminoea.Many species within this genus have green algae growing on their shells.
 Scopula impropriaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Venezuela and Brazil.
 Yaoshanicus is a genus of cyprinid fish found in eastern Asia with one species endemic to China and one endemic to Vietnam. There are currently two species in this genus.
 Staphylinochrous sordida is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Africa.
 Abacena accincta is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in French Guyana Costa Rica and in Brazil.
 Syllomus is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene. It was first named by Cope in 1896 and contains two species S. aegyptiacus (syn. Chelonia marylandica Peritresius virginianus) and S. crispatus. Syllomus is also known by its synonymal name Peritresius.[citation needed]
 Hoplophryne is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Tanzania.
 Ectopatria subrufescens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Bromus unioloides.
 The Réunion Night Heron (Nycticorax duboisi) is an extinct species of heron formerly occurring on the Mascarene island of Réunion.It was for a long time only known from a single description that of Dubois published in 1674. He stated: Bitterns or Great Egrets large as capons but very fat and good. They have grey plumage each feather spotted with white the neck and beak like a Heron and the feet green made like the feet of Poullets d'Inde (Porphyrio W.R.).
 Turbonilla hecuba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Diadophis punctatus regalis commonly known as the regal ringneck snake is a subspecies of ringneck snake endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
 Herina palustris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae.
 The spring salamander (Gyrinophilus porphyriticus) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
 The Red-crowned Woodpecker (Melanerpes rubricapillus) is a resident breeding bird from southwestern Costa Rica south to Colombia Venezuela the Guianas and Tobago.This woodpecker occurs in forests and semi-open woodland and cultivation. It nests in a hole in a dead tree or large cactus. The clutch is two eggs incubated by both sexes which fledge after 31–33 days.Adults are 20.5 cm long and weigh 48g. They have a zebra-barred black and white back and wings and a white rump.
 Chararica is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956.
 Parapholidophorus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Urophora cuspidata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Parafossarulus priscillae is an extinct species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.Glöer (2002) reassigned two European extinct species of Parafossarulus to a subgenus of the genus Bithynia but the genus Parafossarulus is generally accepted for Asian species.
 Mordellistena latitarsis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1983 by Batten.
 Aceria fraxinivorus the Cauliflower Gall Mite causes the Ash Key Gall that is found on the inflorecences commonly called the flowers or seeds. The hanging seeds are the 'keys' of the Ash (Fraxinus excelsior) trees. The causers are acarine gall-mites.
 Adclarkia dawsonensis is a species of gastropod in the Camaenidae family. Adclarkia dawsonensis is the first identified species in the genus Adclarkia and is found in the Taroom district in Queensland Australia.The specific name dawsonensis is named for the Dawson River valley where the snail is found. The genus is named after local conservationist Adam Clark. The snail was named by John Stanisic a scientist at the Queensland Museum.
 Neverita josephinia is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon shells. This is the type species of the genus Neverita.
 Rodrigues day gecko (Phelsuma edwardnewtoni) is a now extinct diurnal species of geckos. It lived on the island of Rodrigues and typically inhabited forests and dwelt in trees. The Rodrigues day gecko fed on insects and nectar.
 Serrata boucheti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Aethes inexpecta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 The Corsican brook salamander or Corsican mountain newt (Euproctus montanus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family. It is endemic to Corsica an island in the Mediterranean Sea.The Corsican brook salamander is found primarily in rocky streams springs and rivers in forest and maquis at altitudes of over 600 m.
 The Mongolian hamster (Allocricetulus curtatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is one of two members of the genus Allocricetulus and is found in China and Mongolia.
 The Spiculate Toad (Incilius spiculatus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Rosy Bee-eater (Merops malimbicus) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Nigeria and Togo.
 Cominella virgata is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks. Cominella virgata brookesi Powell 1952
 Capperia jozana is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaido).The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm.
 Aphanophleps is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eupithecia graefi Graef’s Pug is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from south-western Alberta west to Vancouver Island north to Alaska and south to California. The habitat consists of wooded areas.The wingspan is 17–25 mm. Adults are white the wings crossed by fine wavy parallel dark brown and reddish-brown lines.
 Pterygioteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae. Members are differentiated from the genus Pyroteuthis due to size and head shape. The genus is characterised by the presence of a lidded photophore over each eye.
 Neotropidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Neotropidion nodicolle (Dalman 1823) Neotropidion pulchellum Martins 1968↑
 Yunnanaspidella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Frisilia chinensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan and China (Sichuan).The wingspan is 12.5-13.5 mm.
 Dialectica aemula is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Australia (the Northern Territory Tasmania Queensland and Victoria) India (Bihar) and Nepal.The adult is similar to Dialectica scalariella which was introduced deliberately into Australia but the cocoons are more easily distinguished.The larvae feed on Cynoglossum species (including Cynoglossum australe Cynoglossum lanceolatum and Cynoglossum suaveolens) Trichodesma indicum and Trichodesma zeylanicum.
 Sovia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Rufous mouse-eared bat (Myotis bocagii) is a species of vesper bat. It can be found in the following countries: Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Yemen Zambia and Zimbabwe. It is found in dry and moist savanna habitats.
 Orthetrum abbotti is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Egypt Ethiopia Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Pygmy flying squirrels (Petaurillus) are a genus of flying squirrels.
 The Streak-breasted Woodpecker (Picus viridanus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and perhaps Bangladesh. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Meridorma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The mangrove whipray or whitetail stingray (Himantura granulata) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. It is widely distributed in the Indo-Pacific region from the Red Sea to northern Australia and Micronesia. A benthic inhabitant of shallow inshore waters juvenile mangrove whiprays favor mangrove and estuarine habitats while adults favor sandy to rocky areas in lagoons and coral reefs.
 Agdistis arabica is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Israel Iran Pakistan Bahrain Saudi Arabia Yemen Oman Somalia Sudan Tunisia and Egypt.
 Achatinella bulimoides is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii.
 Beerichthys ingens is an extinct prehistoric bony fish that was a member of the Ypresian London Clay fauna of lower Eocene England.It is known only from a series of incomplete skulls. When originally described in 1966 B. ingens was placed in a monotypic family Beerichthyidae within Iniomi. Later more (also incomplete) skulls were studied by Colin Patterson who determined that the fish was a louvar.
 The Marsican Brown Bear (Ursus arctos marsicanus) also known as the Apennine brown bear is a highly threatened unrecognized subspecies of the Brown bear with a range restricted to the Abruzzo National Park and possibly the Montagne del Morrone in Italy. The population of the bear is estimated at between 30 and 40. The male Marsican bears can weigh up to 200 kg (440 lb) with an upright height of 1.9 to 2 metres (6 ft 3 in to 6 ft 7 in) while females are roughly 25% smaller.
 Copelatus massaicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1941.
 Nebria piperi is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Canada and the US state of Washington.
 Acupalpus flaviceps is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 The Bougainville Crow (Corvus meeki) is a species of bird in the crow family Corvidae.It is found in on the island of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea and the neighbouring Shortland Islands in the Solomon Islands. Within its range it is the only species of crow.The Bougainville Crow is a heavy crow 41 cm long with all black plumage and a massive black bill.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest up to 1600 m.
 Drillia audax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Penthophonus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Penthophonus astutus Tschitscherine 1903 Penthophonus glasunovi (Tschitscherine 1898) Penthophonus peyroni (Brulerie 1873) Penthophonus solitarius (Peyron 1858) Penthophonus taygetanus Pic 1911↑
 The Spot-winged Glider (Pantala hymenaea) is a dragonfly of the family Libellulidae.It looks very much like the Wandering Glider with the addition of a basal spot on the hindwing.
 Coleophora minipunctella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Manzanellidae is a family of bivalves in the order solemyoida.
 The Red-capped Myzomela (Myzomela lafargei) also known as the Scarlet-naped Myzomela is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The moon wrasse Thalassoma lunare is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is an inhabitant of coral reefs and surrounding areas at depths from 1 to 20 m (3.3 to 65.6 ft). Moon wrasses are carnivorous and tend to prey on fish eggs and small sea-floor dwelling invertebrates. This species can reach 45 cm (18 in) in total length.
 Turritella exoleta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Cephalotes hirsutus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Corinthian (foaled March 7 2003 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.He was purchased at the Fasig-Tipton 2004 Saratoga yearling sale for $385000 by the Centennial Farms racing partnership led by Donald V. Little Sr. of Ipswich Massachusetts.Trained by Jimmy Jerkens Corinthian is best known for winning the 2007 Grade I Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile at Monmouth Park and the 2007 Metropolitan Handicap(Grade I) at Belmont Park.
 Azygophleps equatorialis is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Congo.
 Hypsometra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nelsjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Catascopia terebra (Westerlund 1885) (formerly known as Catascopia occulta) is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 The black-faced lion tamarin or Superagui lion tamarin (Leontopithecus caissara) is a small New World monkey of the family Callitrichidae. It is critically endangered and endemic to coastal forests in southeastern Brazil. There are several conservation projects and the total populations is unlikely to exceed 400 individuals. It is overall golden-orange with contrasting black head legs and tail.
 Xerocrassa gharlapsi is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The satinfin shiner (Cyprinella analostana) is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. It is native to the eastern United States where its distribution extends from New York to South Carolina.
 Glyphipterix zalodisca is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is found in Brazil.
 Mitra tagaroae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Father Schoenig's Chocolate Parantica schoenigi is a species of nymphalid butterfly endemic to the Philippines.
 Copelatus pachys is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1955.
 For the Bermuda blue angelfish sometimes also referred to as the blue angelfish see Holacanthus bermudensis.The blue angelfish Holacanthus isabelita is a species of marine angelfish of the family Pomacanthidae found in the western Atlantic from Bermuda Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the northern islands of the West Indies. Its length is up to 45 cm.
 Zadadra fuscistriga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Assam) and Burma.
 The Salado Springs Salamander (Eurycea chisholmensis) is a candidate species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to the vicinity of Salado Texas United States.Its natural habitat is freshwater springs. It has been found only from a few springs that feed Salado Creek in Bell County Texas United States. These springs were important along the historical Chisholm Trail from which the name of the species is derived.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Falcuna hollandi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 The Cyprinodontiformes /ˌsaɪprɨnɵˌdɒntɨˈfɔrmiːz/ are an order of ray-finned fish comprising mostly small freshwater fish. Many popular aquarium fish such as killifish and live-bearers are included. They are closely related to the Atheriniformes and are occasionally included with them.
 Powelliphanta hochstetteri bicolor known as one of the amber snails is a subspecies of large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.
 Aulocera brahminoides is a Brown butterfly that is found in the Himalayas.
 Phylloporia latipennella is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1877. It is found in South America.
 Megastraea undosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails. This species is native to the coast of California.
 Mordellistena sepia is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1939.
 The Yellowish Flycatcher (Empidonax flavescens) is a small passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds in highlands from southeastern Mexico south to western Panama.
 Caloptilia dicksoni is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Anasigerpes unifasciata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Antistia in the order Mantodea. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana and Guinea.
 Endotricha cruenta is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Whalley in 1963 and is known from New Guinea.
 Matapa aria commonly known as the Common Redeye is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 The Hyacinth Macaw (Anodorhynchus hyacinthinus) or Hyacinthine Macaw is a parrot native to central and eastern South America. With a length (from the top of its head to the tip of its long pointed tail) of about 100 cm (3.3 ft) it is longer than any other species of parrot. It is the largest macaw and the largest flying parrot species though the flightless Kakapo of New Zealand can outweigh it at up to 3.5 kg.
 Elachista tribertiella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Spain.
 Maja is a genus of majid crabs comprising the following extant species:A further 12 species are known from fossils.
 Ommatochila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Abacena.
 Pseudophoraspis is a genus of cockroach.
 The Slate-colored Antbird (Schistocichla schistacea) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Deloneura ochrascens is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Malawi. The habitat consists of woodland and savanna at altitudes ranging from 900 to 1700 metres.The larvae have been found on the bark of Acacia stenocarpa and are associated with the ant species Crematogaster castanea var. tricolor. The larvae are thought to feed on the bark of their host plant or fungus or lichen growing on the bark.
 Acontiinae is a subfamily of moth family Noctuidae.
 Digama sinuosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo (Dendrolagus goodfellowi) also called the ornate tree-kangaroo belongs to the family Macropodidae which includes kangaroos wallabies and their relatives and the genus Dendrolagus with eleven other species. The species is native to the rainforests of New Guinea and the border of central Irian Jaya in Indonesia. Under the IUCN classification the species is listed as Endangered which is a result of overhunting and human encroachment on their habitat.
 Trithemis hecate is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Botswana Chad the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gambia Guinea Kenya Liberia Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia Senegal South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Phryganopteryx is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. The type species of this genus is Phryganopteryx strigilata Saalmüller 1878
 Aillutticus is a genus of jumping spiders from South America.
 Stigmella tormentillella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Germany to the Pyrenees and Italy and from France to Romania.The larvae feed on Potentilla alba Potentilla aurea Potentilla crantzii Potentilla erecta Potentilla reptans and Potentilla tabernaemontani. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a corridor that widens significantly at the end and may occupy an entire leaf segment.
 The Panther Neurosigma siva is a species of brush-footed butterfly found in Asia.
 Tripteridia ni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Coleophora gypsella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Morocco.
 Troidini is the tribe of Aristolochia swallowtails that includes the genus Battus.It consists of some 135 species worldwide and 3 species that occur in North America. Members of this tribe feed on poisonous pipevine plants (genus Aristolochia). As a result they are poisonous themselves taste extremely bad to predators (Pinheiro 1986) and are mimicked by other butterflies (Scott 1986).
 Carcinopodia schoutedeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Amata borguensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Pomacea aldersoni is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 Hypomecis monotona is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Centropyge potteri Potter's angelfish or the russet angelfish is a marine angelfish from the Eastern Central Pacific Ocean or more particularly from the Hawaiian Islands and Johnston Atoll (located to the south of Hawaii).
 Eutrachelus temmincki is a species of straight-snouted weevils belonging to the family Brentidae.
 Diplodon is a genus of freshwater pearly mussel an aquatic bivalve in the Hyriidae family. The genus includes the following species: Diplodon dunkerianus Diplodon expansus Diplodon fontaineanus Diplodon granosus Diplodon pfeifferiDiplodon websteri is a synonym for Cucumerunio websteri.
 The Short-toed Snake Eagle (Circaetus gallicus) also known as Short-toed Eagle is a medium-sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes many other diurnal raptors such as kites buzzards and harriers.
 Mulloidichthys martinicus the yellow goatfish also known as yellowsaddle is a species of goatfish native to the Atlantic ocean around the coasts of the Americas and Africa. This species can reach a length of 39.4 centimetres (15.5 in) TL though most only reach lengths around 28 centimetres (11 in). They are of minor importance to local commercial fisheries though they have been reported as carrying the ciguatera toxin.
 Epidauria fulvella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epidauria. It was described by Kuznetzov in 1978 and is known from Tadschikistan.
 †Partula remota was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Ra'iātea French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Nannoarctia takanoi (Sonan 1934) is an endemic species of moth in the family Arctiidae from Taiwan. It is probably extinct now; no specimen were collected after II World War. The species was formerly known as Pericallia integra Matsumura 1931 but specimens from Taiwan are not conspecific to those from the Philippines where N. integra (F.
 Ramphotyphlops endoterus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Asthena ochrifasciaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East Korea and Japan.
 Discurria insessa is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae.
 Metaxymorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Metaxymorpha alexanderiensis Nylander 2008 Metaxymorpha apicalis (van de Poll 1886) Metaxymorpha apicerubra Thery 1923 Metaxymorpha dohertyi Thery 1923 Metaxymorpha gloriosa Blackburn 1894 Metaxymorpha grayii (Parry 1848) Metaxymorpha hanloni Nylander 2008 Metaxymorpha hauseri Thery 1926 Metaxymorpha hilleri Nylander 2004 Metaxymorpha hudsoni Nylander 2001 Metaxymorpha imitator Neef de Sainval 1994 Metaxymorpha landeri Nylander 2001 Metaxymorpha mariettae Nylander 2004 Metaxymorpha meeki Thery 1923 Metaxymorpha nigrofasciata Nylander 2001 Metaxymorpha nigrosuturalis Neef de Sainval & Lander 1993 Metaxymorpha pledgeri Nylander 2001 Metaxymorpha sternalis Hoscheck 1931↑
 Stigmella ceanothi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 3.2-6.6 mm. Adults are on wing in March mid-April mid-May and September. There are two and possibly three generations per year.The larvae feed on Ceanothus divaricatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a narrow much contorted linear gallery located on the upper surface and approximately 3 cm in length. It is almost entirely filled with evenly deposited frass.
 Protocotyle euzetmaillardi Justine 2011 is a species of monogenean of the family Hexabothriidae Price 1942. It is the third described species of the genus Protocotyle after Protocotyle grisea (Cerfontaine1899) Euzet & Maillard 1974 and Protocotyle taschenbergi (Maillard & Oliver1966) Euzet & Maillard 1974.The body is 4.5-6.1 millimetres in length elongate and it includes like all monogeneans a posterior attachment organ called haptor.
 Eois ignefumata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Dicopis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Psaphida.
 The Chaco side-necked turtle or Chaco sideneck turtle (Acanthochelys pallidipectoris) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is found in Argentina Paraguay and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. The turtle possesses long horny spurs on its upper thighs. It is 18 cm in shell length.
 Urophora agnata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Cerithiopsis pesa is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Dall and Bartsch in 1911.
 Cyphoma christahemmenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Xylophanes fassli is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia.It is similar to Xylophanes rothschildi but the discal spot on the forewing upperside is larger the deeper olive-green shading at the base is absent and the darker green oval patch distal to the discal spot is smaller.
 The Trefoil-toothed Giant Rat (Lenomys meyeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Punta is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Zuluiceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Eublemma baccalix is a moth of the Noctuidae family that is endemic to the Canary Islands but can sometimes be found in Sri Lanka and Madhya Pradesh province of India to which it migrates.
 Platycorynus peregrinus is a species of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family.
 Omphaloceps is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Afrocyclops gibsoni is a species of copepod in the family Cyclopidae. Three subspecies have been identified:Afrocyclops gibsoni abbreviatus Kiefer 1933Afrocyclops gibsoni doryphorus (Kiefer 1935)Afrocyclops gibsoni ondoensis (Kiefer 1952)↑
 Nassarius caboverdensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The Chinese hare (Lepus sinensis) is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae. It is found in China Taiwan and Vietnam.
 Trapezitinae is a subfamily of the Hesperiidae (skippers) family of butterflies.They are found only in New Guinea and Australia.The subfamily contains about sixty species in sixteen genera.
 The Mountain Mahogany Looper Moth (Iridopsis clivinaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California and east to Idaho Colorado and Arizona.The length of the forewings is 22-25 mm. Adults have triangular forewing with a pale grey strip along the costa but medium brownish-grey in the lower and outer portions.
 Thomas's oldfield mouse (Thomasomys pyrrhonotus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 The Short-billed Dowitcher (Limnodromus griseus) like its congener the Long-billed Dowitcher is a medium-sized stocky long-billed shorebird in the family Scolopacidae. It is an inhabitant of North America Central America and northern South America. It is strongly migratory; it completely vacates in breeding areas during the snow-bound months. This species favors a variety of habitats including tundra in the north to ponds and mudflats in the south.
 The Bay Checkerspot Euphydryas editha bayensis is a butterfly endemic to the San Francisco Bay region of the U.S. state of California. It is a federally threatened species as a subspecies of Euphydryas editha.Since the 1980s the population of checkerspots the Euphydryas species and subspecies has been in serious decline.
 Platypelis occultans is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Uropterygius oligospondylus is a moray eel.
 Theretra sumatrensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-east Asia.
 Feltia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista ophthalma is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found along the coast of south-eastern New South Wales.The wingspan is 8.4–9.7 millimetres (0.33–0.38 in) for males and 7.8–9.8 millimetres (0.31–0.39 in) for females. The forewings are brown powdered with dark brownish grey-tipped scales. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Gahnia melanocarpa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is straight and reaches a length of about 250 millimetres (9.8 in).
 Gymnoscelis lindbergi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Cape Verde.The wingspan is 13–20 mm.
 Common names: horned vipers North African desert vipers cerastes vipers.Cerastes is a genus of small venomous vipers found in the deserts and semi-deserts of northern North Africa eastward through Arabia and Iran. Three species are currently recognized by ITIS (Integrated Taxonomic Information System) and an additional recently described species is recognized by the Reptile Database.
 Agaraea semivitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found from northern South America including Venezuela and Peru north to Texas.The wingspan is 26–38 mm. The forewings are semitransparent pale gray with dark veins. There is a diffuse black spot near the center of the wing. The hindwings are paler and without a black spot. Adults are on wing year-round in Costa Rica.
 Cryopega is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Sarcosaurus (meaning flesh lizard) is a genus of theropod dinosaur either a coelophysoid or a basal ceratosaur roughly 3.5 meters long. It lived during the Sinemurian stage of the Early Jurassic about 194 million years ago. Fossils of Sarcosaurus were found in the Lower Lias of England. The type species Sarcosaurus woodi was first described by Charles William Andrews in 1921 shortly after a partial skeleton had been found by S.L. Wood near Barrow-on-Soar.
 Corticaria is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Corticaria abdominalis Dajoz 1970 Corticaria aculeata Johnson 1977 Corticaria aequabilis Rücker 1981 Corticaria aequalis (Reitter 1898) Corticaria aethiops Grouvelle 1914 Corticaria alleni Johnson 1974 Corticaria alticola Lindberg 1953 Corticaria amplicollis Fall 1899 Corticaria amurensis Reitter 1879 Corticaria anatolica Johnson 1989 Corticaria aphictoides Reitter 1898 Corticaria apicalis Fall 1899 Corticaria appenhageni Uyttenboogaart 1930 Corticaria armata (Mannerheim 1844) Corticaria basilewskyi Dajoz 1970 Corticaria bella Redtenbacher 1849 Corticaria beloni Reitter 1889 Corticaria bengaliensis Rücker 1978 Corticaria blackburni Rücker 1989 Corticaria brevicornis Fall 1899 Corticaria brevilata Rücker 1978 Corticaria buddha Johnson 1977 Corticaria cameruensis Dajoz 1980 Corticaria canaliculata Mannerheim 1853 Corticaria canariensis Johnson 1974 Corticaria carolina Fall 1899 Corticaria clavatula Broun 1914 Corticaria cognata Rücker 1978 Corticaria columbia Fall 1899 Corticaria convexa Reitter 1881 Corticaria corsica H. 
 The Hawaiʻi ʻAmakihi (Hemignathus virens) also known as the Common ʻAmakihi is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper.
 Agrotis bryani is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Nihoa.
 Digitivalva is a genus of moths in the Acrolepiidae family.
 Megadontomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae found in Mexico. It contains the following species: Oaxaca giant deer mouse (Megadontomys cryophilus) Nelson's giant deer mouse (Megadontomys nelsoni) Thomas's giant deer mouse (Megadontomys thomasi)
 The Little Grebe (Tachybaptus ruficollis) also known as Dabchick is a member of the grebe family of water birds. At 23 to 29 cm in length it is the smallest European member of its family. It is commonly found in open bodies of water across most of its range.
 Crawford-Cabral's dasymys (Crawford-Cabral's shaggy marsh rat or Dasymys cabrali) is a species of shaggy marsh rat endemic to north-eastern Namibia near the Okavango River.
 Thospia tshetverikovi is a species of snout moths in the genus Thospia. It was described by Kuznetzov in 1908. It was described from the Aral Sea in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
 Euagra klagesi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Surinam.
 Cephalotes alfaroi is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Liptena subsuffusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (North Kivu).
 Vexillum cingulatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Conta pectinata is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to India where it occurs the Brahmaputra River drainage of Assam. This species grows to a length of 4.91 centimetres (1.93 in) SL.
 The Frilled Coquette (Lophornis magnificus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found only in Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest. At 6.5 to 7 cm (2.6 to 2.8 in) and a weight of 2.1 g (0.074 oz) this is one of the smallest birds alive.
 The Variable Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha laevigata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Manitoba to Nova Scotia south to Florida and Missouri.The wingspan is about 30 millimetres (1.2 in). There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on detritus including dead leaves.
 Latiaxis lischkeanus is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Coralliophilinae of the family Muricidae.
 Agonopterix mutatella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.
 Hermaea paucicirra is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hermaeidae.
 Heddleichthys is a genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian (lobe-finned fish) from the end of the Devonian period (Famennian). It was discovered in Dura Den Formation Scotland. Heddleichthys is a derived tristichopterid the first from Britain.
 The Cuban Black Hawk (Buteogallus gundlachii) is a bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes the eagles hawks and Old World vultures.It is endemic to the island of Cuba where restricted to coastal areas. It has traditionally been considered a subspecies of the Common Black Hawk (B. anthracinus) but recent evidence suggests it should be treated as a separate species.
 Calliostoma circumcinctum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Aristotelia decoratella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal France Italy Switzerland Germany Hungary Slovakia Bulgaria Russia as well as on Sardinia Corsica and Sicily.
 Rhineceras is an extinct genus from the nautilid family Trigonoceratidae which is part of the Trigonocerataceae that lived during the Mississippian Period in the late Paleozoic.Rhineceas is described in the Treatise in Kummel 1964 as being evolute with volutions in contact but not deeply impressed at maturity and the whorl section elliptical and depressed; the conch (shell) bearing prominent longitudinal ridges which may be spinose. Rhinceras is illustrated fig. 311-4 p.
 Alatuncusia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Odostomia pulcia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The White-tailed Goldenthroat (Polytmus guainumbi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
 Praeparkinsonia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites. It lived during the Jurassic Period which lasted from approximately 200 to 145 million years ago.
 Hasmica xanthocera is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Hasmica of the family Tachinidae.
 The Nilgiri Tahr Nilgiritragus hylocrius known locally as the Nilgiri Ibex or simply Ibex is an ungulate that is endemic to the Nilgiri Hills and the southern portion of the Western Ghats in the states of Tamil Nadu and Kerala in Southern India. It is the state animal of Tamil Nadu. Despite its local name it is more closely related to the sheep of the Ovis genus than the Ibex and wild goats of the Capra genus.
 Elachista merimnaea is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in South Africa.
 Mantidactylus microtympanum is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Maliarpha fuscicostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Maliarpha. It was described by Cook in 1997 and is known from Papua New Guinea (including Bubia the type location).
 The Sclater's Tyrannulet (Phyllomyias sclateri) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.The common name and the Latin binomial commemorate the British zoologist Philip Lutley Sclater.
 Drillia echinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.This is a species inquerenda (needing further investigation). According to J.K. Tucker (2004) this species is a synonym of Clavus flammulatus Montfort 1810
 Zameus is a genus of dogfish shark in the family Somniosidae native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 The Lake Rukwa Minnow (Raiamas moorii) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Lake Tanganyika Lake Kivu and Lake Rukwa in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda Tanzania and Zambia.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and inland deltas.
 Xylophanes lissyi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Auchmerus trachys is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Auchmerus.
 Xenodromius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Xenodromius brachinoides Mateu 1976 Xenodromius curtulus Mateu 1976 Xenodromius flohri Bates 1891 Xenodromius microphthalmus Mateu 1976 Xenodromius reyesi Mateu 1976 Xenodromius testaceus Mateu 1976↑
 Pinna carnea or the amber pen shell is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae. It can be found in Caribbean waters ranging from southern Florida to the West Indies and Bermuda.
 Typhlops decorsei is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The Long-crested Eagle (Lophaetus occipitalis) is a bird of prey. Like all eagles it is in the family Accipitridae. It is currently placed in a monotypic genus Lophaetus.A relatively small eagle (about 55 cm) found in Africa south of the Sahara except in the arid zones. In southern Africa it is a fairly common resident in the eastern areas. It inhabits woodlands exotic plantations forest edges and mainly lives off rodents and shrews.
 Hypsibarbus is a genus of cyprinid fish that is found in Southeast Asia.
 Trichopeza is a genus of empidoid flies. They are mainly predatory flies like most of their relatives and generally small to medium-sized long-legged and large-eyed.
 Speleophria bivexilla is a species of copepod in the family Speleophriidae. It is endemic to Bermuda.
 Besla reamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods.
 Carabus italicus italicus is a black coloured subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Italy and Switzerland. The subspecies males range from 22–23 millimetres (0.87–0.91 in).
 Ground skink redirects here. If referring to a particular species it usually means Scincella lateralis.Scincella is a genus of lizards in the skink family Scincidae commonly referred to as ground skinks. The exact number of species in the genus is unclear as taxonomic reclassification is ongoing and sources vary widely. Scincella species primarily range throughout the temperate regions of the world and are typically small fossorial lizards which consume a wide variety of arthropods.
 The Grey-bellied Flowerpiercer (Diglossa carbonaria) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Arhopala pseudovihara [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines(Mindanao Leyte Mindoro).
 Sinoarctia forsteri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Sichuan).
 The peppershrikes are two species of passerine bird found in tropical Central and South America. They form the genus Cyclarhis part of the vireo family.These are heavyset birds with a hooked shrike-like bill. Although sluggish and very vocal the peppershrikes are still difficult to spot as they feed on insects and spiders in the canopy aloft. Their cup-shaped nests can likewise be found high in the trees.
 Ariola coelisigna is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Himalayas to southern China Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and east to the Solomon Islands. In Australia it is found in the rainforests from Cape York to the Atherton Tableland in Queensland.Adults have green or brown wings with a broad curved white stripe on each forewing.
 Agdistis endrodyi is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa (Western Cape).The wingspan is 20–30 mm. The forewings are light grey with sharp dots two dots in the discal area almost confluenting into an oblique streak. The two other dots are found in the middle part and at the wing base. Adults are on wing in October.
 Stenoptilia aethiopica is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Ethiopia.
 Pyropteron meriaeforme is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Spain Portugal southern France Italy and on Corsica Sardinia and Sicily.The wingspan is 14–15 mm.The larvae feed on Rumex acetosella.
 Sutonocrea hoffmanni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1933. It is found in Brazil.
 Teracotona multistrigata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1924. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda.
 Allolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Manduca reducta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru and Bolivia.There are probably multiple generations per year.
 Gonocephalum is a genus of darkling beetle in the family Tenebrionidae.
 Scyrotis pulleni is a species of moth of the Cecidosidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Taygayba venezuelensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Taygayba.
 Pleuroptyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Pyura chilensis called piure in Spanish is a tunicate of the family Pyuridae. It was described in 1782 by Juan Ignacio Molina.
 Calamiana illota is a species of goby native to marine brackish and fresh waters of Singapore Thailand Brunei and the Philippines. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Hyposmocoma is a large and diverse genus of moths with 320-350 known species that have adapted to nearly every ecological niche on the Hawaiian Islands. Most species have plant-based diets. In four species of Hyposmocoma (one is Hyposmocoma molluscivora) caterpillars spin silk that they use to capture snails on which they prey. These are the first caterpillars known to eat snails (or mollusks of any kind). Some species are amphibious.
 Eulepidotis dominicata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Costa Rica Brazil Peru Guyana and Ecuador. It has also been recorded from Texas.
 La Fleche (1889–1916) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. After being sold for a world record price as a yearling in 1890 she was undefeated as a two-year-old in 1891 winning races against her own sex and defeating some of the year's leading colts. She went on to become the dominant British three-year-old of 1892 claiming the Fillies’ Triple Crown by winning the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket the Oaks at Epsom and the St Leger at Doncaster.
 The pygmy gerbil Gerbillus henleyi is distributed mainly in Algeria to Israel and the Arabian Peninsula. It is also known as Henley's gerbil or pygmy dipodil.
 Eclipes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 Subnoctua is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Struthio wimani is an extinct species of ratite bird from the Pliocene of China.
 The Ignorant Apamea (Apamea indocilis) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is native to North America where it is distributed throughout southern Canada and the northern United States. In the east its range extends from Newfoundland to South Carolina. In the west it occurs as far south as San Francisco Bay and in the Rocky Mountains to New Mexico.The forewings are 15 to 19 millimeters long.
 The sweat bee genus Lasioglossum is the largest of all bee genera containing over seventeen hundred species in numerous subgenera worldwide. They are highly variable in size coloration and sculpture; among the more unusual variants some are cleptoparasites some are nocturnal and some are oligolectic.
 Lapitaichthys frickei is a species of viviparous brotula found on reefs around New Caledonia. This species grows to a length of 4.9 centimetres (1.9 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Uroballus peckhami is a spider species of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) that is known only from Vietnam.This species is known only from a single female.
 The gymnure also called a hairy hedgehog or moonrat is a type of mammal belonging to the subfamily Galericinae in the family Erinaceidae and the order Erinaceomorpha. Although more closely related to hedgehogs their resemblance is akin to rats. Gymnures are thought to have appeared in Eastern Asia before their closest relatives and changed little from the original ancestor which is thought to have been also the ancestor of the shrews.
 Abergasilus amplexus is a species of parasitic copepod endemic to euryhaline habitats in New Zealand. It is the only known species in the genus Abergasilus.
 Barbus ansorgii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Distortrix cancellinus is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae the Distortio snails.
 Smilodontini is an extinct tribe of saber-toothed cats contained within the Machairodontinae subfamily of the Felidae. They were endemic to South America North America Europe Asia and Africa during the Miocene to Pleistocene from 10.3 mya—11000 years ago existing for approximately 10.289 million years.As the name suggests the famous genus of Smilodon is part of this group but there are also two other distinct genera in Smilodontini.
 Buccinaria loochooensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The giant butterfly lizard (Leiolepis guttata) is a rarely seen species of lizard found in parts of Southeast Asia. It is the largest member of Leiolepis.
 Eilema pallidicosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1900. It is found in Madagascar.
 Peosina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rissoa decorata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Polynesian Ground Dove (Gallicolumba erythroptera) is a critically endangered species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to the Tuamotus in French Polynesia with recent records from the atolls of Matureivavao Rangiroa Tenararo Morane Vahanga and perhaps Tikehau. It favors tropical forests especially with Pandanus tectorius Pisonia grandis and shrubs but it has also been recorded from dense shrub growing below coconut palms.
 Pterolocera ferrugineofusca is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It was described by Strand in 1926. It is found in Australia.
 Monophlebidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as the giant scales or monophlebids. They occur in most parts of the world but more genera are found in the tropics than elsewhere.
 Anopinella rastafariana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Jamaica.The length of the forewings is 7.5-8.5 mm.
 The Agag gerbil Gerbillus agag is distributed mainly in southern Mauritania to northern Nigeria and Sudan. IUCN lists the junior synonyms Gerbillus cosensi and G. dalloni as critically endangered.
 The kibiti lampeye (Aplocheilichthys lacustris) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Euxesta major is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Trachelyichthys decaradiatus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Guyana where it is found in the Rupununi River basin. It grows to a length of 8.0 cm.
 Angiostrongylus cantonensis is a parasitic nematode (roundworm) that causes Angiostrongyliasis the most common cause of eosinophilic meningitis in Southeast Asia and the Pacific Basin. The nematode commonly resides in the pulmonary arteries of rats giving it the nickname the rat lungworm. Snails are the primary intermediate hosts where larvae develop until they are infective.
 The Buergers' Tree-kangaroo (Dendrolagus goodfellowi buergersi) is a subspecies of the Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo from Papua New Guinea where they dwell mainly in tropical rainforests. Their diet consists of mostly leaves and fruit which they find both in trees and on the ground.It is believed tree-kangaroos evolved from creatures similar to modern kangaroos and wallabies.
 Tachina compressa is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in such US states as California Oregon and Washington.
 Sphodromantis baccettii is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia. It may be distinguished from Sphodromantis lineola by the presence of blue-black spots on its forearms.
 The Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog or Sierra Nevada Mountain yellow-legged frog Rana sierrae is a true frog endemic to the Sierra Nevada mountains (in California and Nevada).
 Bracharthron is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Empis livida is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. Males range from 7.5–9.3 millimetres (0.30–0.37 in) females 7.5–10.2 millimetres (0.30–0.40 in). The male's abdomen is brownish and his wings appear faintly brown and clouded. The female's abdomen is gray and her wings are clear. E. livida lives in hedgerows feeding on the nectar of several species of Rosaceae several species of Asteraceae and Heracleum sphondylium nectar; they also feed on other insects.
 Mordellistena longictena is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1971 by Khalaf.
 The Abencerrages (from the Arabic for Saddler's Son) were a family or faction that is said to have held a prominent position in the Moorish kingdom of Granada in the 15th century.The name appears to have been derived from Yussuf ben-Serragh the head of the tribe in the time of Mohammed VII of Granada al-Mustain who did that sovereign good service in his struggles to retain the crown of which he was three times deprived.Little is known of the family with certainty; the Chambers Biographical Dictionary records that they arrived in Spain in the 8th century but the name is familiar from the romance by Ginés Perez de Hita Guerras civiles de Granada which celebrates the feuds of the Abencerrages and the rival family of the Zegris and the cruel treatment to which the former were subjected. 
 Cnephasitis vietnamensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern Vietnam.The wingspan is about 26 mm for males and 29 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is greyish mixed with white before the median fascia. The strigulation and dots are grey and the markings are grey with darker and paler areas. The hindwings are cream grey. The ground colour of the forewings of the females is pale grey with some dark grey dots. They have dirty cream hindwings.
 Acraea orina the Orina Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria western Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea (Mbini and Bioko). The habitat consists of forest clearings and edges.Adults males mud puddle and both sexes are attracted to flowers.
 Comitas kuroharai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The thorntooth grenadier or javelin fish Lepidorhynchus denticulatus is a rattail the only member of the genus Lepidorhynchus found around southern Australia and New Zealand at depths of between 200 and 1000 m. Its length is between 20 to 55 cm.
 Ciliopagurus haigae is a species of hermit crab native to Tanzania.
 Linuchidae is a family of crown jellyfish.
 The Common Looper Moth (Autographa precationis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern and central North America.The wingspan is 30–38 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October depending on the location. There are three or more generations per year.The larvae feed on various forbs including Apiaceae Asteraceae Brassicaceae Chenopodiaceae Convolvulaceae Fabaceae Malvaceae Plantaginaceae and Verbenaceae species.
 Athleta gilchristi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Paracolobus is an extinct genus of primate in the Colobini tribe which also contains the living colobus monkeys. It lived in eastern Africa in the early to late Pliocene.
 Doru aculeatum the spine-tailed earwig is an insect in the family Forficulidae. This earwig is found in the woods and grassy areas of eastern North America and occurs at outdoor lights at night.The adults have a brown body with pale markings.
 Oulactis is a genus of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae found in the intertidal zone. It contains the following species:Oulactis cincta (Stuckey 1909)Oulactis coliumensis (Riemann-Zürneck & Gallardo 1990)Oulactis concinnata (Drayton in Dana 1846)Oulactis magna (Stuckey 1909)Oulactis mcmurrichi (Lager 1911)Oulactis muscosa (Drayton in Dana 1846)Oulactis orientalis (Averincev 1967)↑
 Anachalcos is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Burmese hare (Lepus peguensis) is a species of mammal in the Leporidae family. It is found in Cambodia Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Hypsiglena torquata jani commonly known as the Texas night snake is a subspecies of small colubrid native to the southwestern United States and northeastern Mexico.
 Pseudoplexippus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The only described species Pseudoplexippus unicus is endemic to Tanzania.
 Cyanophrys herodotus the Tropical Green Hairstreak or Tropical Greenstreak is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1793. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Panama Nicaragua Colombia Ecuador Peru Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and Argentina. Rare strays can be found as far north as southern Texas.
 Almonia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Diglyphomorpha is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Gymnelia lucens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1902. It is found in Colombia and Peru.
 Noumea hongkongensis is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Selysiothemis nigra the Black Pennant is a monotypic species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It occurs in Central Asia and the Middle East. In Europe it is mostly confined to the coastal areas of the Mediterranean and the Black Sea.
 Mescalerolemur (meaning Mescalero Apache's lemur) is an extinct genus of adapiform strepsirrhine from late Middle Eocene (Uintan age) deposits of Brewster County Texas. It is known from the holotype TMM 41672-232 associated left and right maxillae with partial and complete teeth and from the referred specimens TMM 41672-230 TMM 41672-233 and TMM 41672-236. It was found from the Purple Bench locality of the Devil’s Graveyard Formation Big Bend region. It was first named by E.
 Pterocerina scalaris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Barbus parablabes is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Fusinus hayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Babelomurex gemmatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Sciota obscurella is a species of snout moth. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Thyas honesta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Indian subregion Burma Thailand Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and on the Philippines. Some sources also list the species for Java. Holloway (in his work The Moths of Borneo) lists this species as ranging down to Sumatra while the sister species Thyas miniacea is listed from the Lesser Sunda Islands east leaving Java unassigned.The larvae feed on Careya Barringtonia and Planchonia species.
 Laquea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Conus gabrielae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mirificarma cabezella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain and Morocco.The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm for males and 6.5-7 mm for females. The head is mid brown occasionally ochreous brown. The forewings are mottled brown but darker in the apical half. Adults are on wing from August to October.The larvae feed on Adenocarpus hispanicus. They feed from within the shoots. Larvae can be found in June.
 Synemon sophia is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia Victoria and South Australia.The anterior wings of the male are brown clouded with grey and fuscous-brown. There is a dark cloud near the base and another at the end of the discoidal cell followed by a white dot. The posterior wings are black the base with an oval yellow spot a macular yellow band beyond the middle followed by a series of yellow spots.
 Glaucobotys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Apeplopoda mecrida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1889. It found in Arizona Mexico Guatemala and Costa Rica.
 The Great White Pelican (Pelecanus onocrotalus) also known as the Eastern White Pelican Rosy Pelican or White Pelican is a bird in the pelican family. It breeds from southeastern Europe through Asia and in Africa in swamps and shallow lakes.
 Sinezona globosa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Scissurellidae the little slit shells.
 Xylopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aayemenaytcheia is a genus of trilobite.
 Clionites is a genus of the clydonitacean family Clionitidae and its type. The shell is evolute so as to expose all whorls which are covered with generally bifurcating signmoidal ribs. The suture is ceratitid with two lateral lobes. .Clionites differs from Alloclionites in having sparser tubercles finner ribbing and not as high a whorl section. It has been found in Nevada Southern Europe and Asia.
 The Littlehead porgy Calamus proridens is an ocean-going species of gamefish of the family Sparidae. It is only found in the western portion of the tropical Atlantic Ocean where they are often caught and used as food.The Littlehead porgy was described in 1884 by the ichthyologists David Starr Jordan and Charles Henry Gilbert who were both professors (Jordan later became president) of Stanford University.
 Melanochromis perileucos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around Likoma Island where it prefers rocky habitats sometimes near to the interface with sandy substrates. This species can grow to a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) SL.
 Serenius is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Serenius andamanicus Deb 1985 Serenius ceylonicus (Laurie 1906) Serenius demani (Odhner 1925) Serenius gemmula (Dana 1852) Serenius kuekenthali (De Man 1902) Serenius pilosus (A. Milne Edwards 1867)↑
 Eupithecia obscurata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Melodryas are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Melodryas doris which is found on the Solomon Islands.The wingspan is 20-21 mm. The forewings are elongate and purplish-black with a broad orange transverse fascia.
 Queen Alexandra's Birdwing (Ornithoptera alexandrae) is the largest butterfly in the world with females reaching wingspans of 31 cm (12.2 inches). It is restricted to the forests of the Oro Province in eastern Papua New Guinea.The species is endangered and is one of only three insects to be listed on Appendix I of CITES making international trade illegal.
 Monoplex macrodon is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Hyles tithymali is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in North Africa the Canary Islands Madeira some islands in the Mediterranean Sea and in the mountains in Yemen.The length of the forewings is 45–85 mm.The larvae feed on Euphorbia.It is thought that Hyles tithymali had a much larger range in Europe but has been pushed further south after the cooling ca. 3600 years ago. Its place has been taken over by Hyles euphorbiae which is more resistant to the cold.
 Purana nebulilinea is a cicada species distributed in peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and nearby smaller islands. Its song consists of a long sequence (around 1 minute) of high pitched sounds with a characteristic frequency modulation pattern which can be repeated many times without interruption
 Basommatophora was a term that was previously used as a taxonomic informal group a group of snails within the informal group Pulmonata the air-breathing slugs and snails.
 Notocotylus fosteri is a parasitic fluke that infects the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) in Florida.N. fosteri was discovered in a saltwater marsh at Waccasassa Bay near Cedar Key Levy County Florida in 2003 and named as a new species of Notocotylus in a 2005 paper by John Kinsella and Vasyl Tkach. The species was named after Garry W. Foster friend and colleague of the authors. N.
 Dalla cola is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Scotorythra corticea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Maui.The larvae feed on Acacia koa.
 Pseudovertagus aluco is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae the ceriths.
 Zygaena ephialtes is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. There is no common English name but it is a type of Burnet Moth.
 Rhytidoponera is a genus of ant in the subfamily Ectatomminae.
 Burmannia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Baritius sannionis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guyana Brazil Ecuador Peru Bolivia and Costa Rica.
 Opalia is a taxonomic genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae commonly known as wentletraps.
 The Kona Agrotis Noctuid Moth (Agrotis panoplias) was a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is now an extinct species.It was endemic to Kona District Hawaii United States.
 Athrips rancidella the Cotoneaster Webworm is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland the Netherlands Fennoscandia and the Baltic region. It has also been recorded from California.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in June.The larvae feed on Cotoneaster horizontalis Prunus spinosa and Crataegus species. The larvae feed on the lower epidermis. They live in a silken tube or tent. The species overwinters as an egg or young larva.
 The furtive tuco-tuco (Ctenomys occultus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is endemic to Argentina.
 Favartia peasei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Gagata is a genus of sisorid catfishes native to Asia.
 The Cape Canary (Serinus canicollis) is a small passerine bird in the finch family. It is a resident breeder in southern Africa and has been introduced to Mauritius and Réunion.Its habitat is fynbos grassland and gardens preferably in highland areas. It builds a compact cup nest in a scrub.The Cape Canary is 11–13 cm in length. The adult male has a green back with black edging to the wing feathers wings and tail. The underparts rump and tail sides are yellow and the lower belly is white.
 The Common Pink-barred (Rhodostrophia vibicaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in the Palearctic ecozone.The length of the forewings is 14–16 mm. The moths fly in one or two generations from the end of May to September. .The larvae feed on various plants and shrubs such as Cytisus scoparius and Prunus spinosa.
 The Ameca shiner (Notropis amecae) is an extinct species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It was found only in Mexico.
 Mylabris is a genus of beetles in the family Meloidae. It contains the following species:
 Ischnura senegalensis also known variously as Common Bluetail Marsh Bluetail Ubiquitous Bluetail African Bluetail and Senegal Golden Dartlet is a widespread damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae native from Africa through the Middle East throughout southern and eastern Asia. The species is found in slow-stagnant or leisurely flowing water bodies and tolerates both disturbances and pollution but is absent from intact forest areas.
 Agladrillia piscorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Cuckoo Roller or Courol (Leptosomus discolor) is the only bird in the family Leptosomidae which is usually considered to be within the order Coraciiformes which also includes the kingfishers bee-eaters and rollers. However the position of this family is not very clear. Morphological evidence may suggest a placement within or near to Falconiformes. In the rather comprehensive DNA study by Hackett et al.
 Epicrates maurus is a species of non-venomous constrictor in the family of Boinae found in Amazon region of South America. Common name is Colombian rainbow boa. While a terrestrial species with its moderate size and weight it has a semi-arboreal life. Rainbow boa's are known for their attractive iridescent sheen on their scales in the sunlight.
 Verreaux's sifaka (Propithecus verreauxi) or the white sifaka is a medium sized primate in one of the lemur families Indriidae. It lives in Madagascar and can be found in a variety of habitats from rainforest to western Madagascar dry deciduous forests and dry and spiny forests. The fur is thick and silky and generally white with brown on the sides top of the head and on the arms. Like all sifakas it has a long tail that it uses as a balance when leaping from tree to tree.
 Pristoceraea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The family Dactylioceratidae comprises Early to Middle Jurassic ammonite genera with ribbed and commonly tuberculate shells that resembed later Middle Jurassic stephanoceratids and Upper Jurassicperisphinctids. Shells may be either evolute or involute. The Dactylioceratidae may be polyphyletic and therefore invalid as a proper taxon. Some may have their origin in the Lytoceratina others in the Eoderoceratidae.
 The Flores Shrew (Suncus mertensi) is a white-toothed shrew found only on Flores Island Indonesia. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
 Nematocampa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Caloptilia nomurai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Brunei Thailand and Vietnam.
 Bokermannohyla itapoty is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Himalistra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Metriochroa celidota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Uganda.
 Oryzomys albiventer is a rodent in the genus Oryzomys of family Cricetidae from interior western Mexico in the states of Jalisco Guanajuato and Michoacán. First described in 1901 as a separate species it was later lumped under O. couesi and the marsh rice rat (O. palustris) until it was reinstated as a species in 2009. It differs from neighboring Oryzomys populations in size and measurements and is a large brightly colored species with a long tail and robust skull and molars.
 Australaria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The White-browed Bulbul ( Pycnonotus luteolus) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds. It is a resident breeder in Sri Lanka and peninsular India. Largely olive coloured above with whitish underparts it has a pale supercilium and a yellow vent. They are found in dense scrub habitats where they skulk within vegetation and can be difficult to see although their loud and distinct burst of calls is distinctive.
 Cercophaninae is a subfamily of the family Saturniidae up until recently often treated as a separate family Cercophanidae.This subfamily contains the following genera:Cercophana C. Felder 1862Janiodes Jordan 1924Microdulia Jordan 1924Neocercophana Izquierdo 1895↑
 Isomoralla eriscota is a species of Oecophoridae that occurs in Australia. The adult has brown forewings with lighter brown bands.
 Scissurella sudanica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Scissurellidae.
 Canthigaster rostrata commonly known as the Caribbean sharp-nose puffer is a pufferfish from the Western Central Atlantic. It can be encountered from the coast of South Carolina to Venezuela including the Bermuda the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea.It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12cm in length.
 Plusidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The White Checkered Skipper (Pyrgus albescens) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It is found on low altitudes in southern California southern Arizona southern New Mexico west and south Texas Florida and Mexico. A rare stray to southwest Utah and central Texas.The wingspan wingspan is 25–38 mm. Adults are on wing year round in most of its range.The larva probably feed on several plants in the Malvaceae family including Sphaeralcea Abutilon and Callirhoe.
 Doratoptera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The inkspot nudibranch Ceratosoma ingozi is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.
 The variable soft coral is a species of colonial soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.
 Callechelys bitaeniata is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Wilhelm Peters in 1877. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the western Indian Ocean including Kenya Mozambique and Seychelles. Males can reach a maximum total length of 82 centimetres.The species epithet bitaeniata means two-striped in Latin. Due to its large distribution and lack of notable threats the IUCN redlist currently lists the species as Least Concern.
 The White-spotted Fantail or Spot-breasted Fantail (Rhipidura albogularis) is a small passerine bird. It is found in forest scrub and cultivation in southern and central India. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the White-throated Fantail.
 Acupalpus djemdjemensis is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 Eremodrina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Synoplotherium (also known as Dromocyon) is an extinct genus of relatively small wolf-like mesonychids that lived 50 million years ago in what is now Wyoming. Synoplotherium was related to coexisted and possibly competed with the larger Mesonyx.
 Conus collisus common name the stigmatic cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Tephrella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Mindanao montane forest mouse (Apomys insignis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.
 Peristernia forskalii common name the Forsskal's whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Reeves's muntjac (Muntiacus reevesi; Chinese: 山羌) is a muntjac species found widely in southeastern China (Gansu to Yunnan) and in Taiwan. They have also been introduced in the Netherlands the United Kingdom (south England the Midlands and east Wales) and Ireland by 2008. It feeds on herbs blossoms succulent shoots grasses and nuts and was also reported to eat trees.
 Acronicta extricata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Texas.
 Ceralocyna amabilis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Napp in 1999.
 Turbonilla franciscoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The African softshell turtle or Nile softshell turtle (Trionyx triunguis) is a large species of turtle from fresh-water and brackish habitats in Africa (larger parts of East West and Middle Africa) and the Near East (Israel Lebanon Syria and Turkey). It is the only extant species from the genus Trionyx but in the past many other softshell turtles were placed in this genus; they have now been moved to various other genera.
 Megacyclops is a genus of copepods containing the following species:
 Joculator ziliolii is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Nassarius harryleei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The Shark (Cucullia umbratica) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout much of the Palearctic ecozone (Europe Russia Afghanistan Turkestan Mongolia) but has recently also been reported from North America from the Magdalen Islands in Canada.This is a fairly large species (wingspan 52–59 mm) with long narrow wings giving a 'streamlined' appearance. The forewings are grey with brown and black streaks. The hindwings are grey in the male brown in the female.
 Elasipodida is an order of sea cucumbers. They are somewhat unusual in appearance in comparison with other sea cucumbers having numerous appendages including conical papillae and leaf-like tentacles. Although many species are benthic a number are pelagic and may have their appendages modified to form sails or fins. Most members of the order inhabit deep-sea environments like Enypniastes.
 The Blue Skimmer Orthetrum caledonicum is a common Australian dragonfly.Males have a powder blue thorax and abdomen pruinescent blue when mature. The females are brownish grey in colour while the teneral are yellow with black markings. They are medium in size with a body length of 4.5 cm (2 in) and a wingspan of 7 cm (3 in). The species is widespread throughout mainland Australia and extending to Tasmania.
 Acrobasis ottomana is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Caradja in 1916. It is found in Israel.
 Funa latisinuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Cymbiola cymbiola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Nigma puella is a species of spider belonging to the family Dictynidae. It is found in Europe Azores Madeira Canary Islands and parts of North Africa.Like most members of the family this is a small spider but the female is striking with a light green abdomen marked with a bold maroon blotch and a variable amount of barring in the same colour. The male is reddish-brown. This species makes a horizontal web over the top surface of a leaf.
 Clemensia plumbeifusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are dark brown suffused with silvery blue-grey. There is an indistinctly double postmedial series of slight white points and a subterminal series of slight white points. The hindwings are dark brown suffused with silvery blue-grey.
 Perigonia leucopus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil.The forewing upperside similar to Perigonia stulta but the base and postmedian area are shaded with grey and there is a conspicuous lunate patch on the outer margin. There is a brown marginal band on the hindwing upperside. There is a tornal patch that is paler than the rest of the wing on the hindwing underside.
 The Danube bleak or Caspian shemaya (Alburnus chalcoides) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found in Iran Austria Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Germany Hungary Italy Romania Serbia Slovenia Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Euxoullia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sagalassa triphaenoides is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Sijua meriani is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in the Seychelles.The head and thorax of this species are brown-violet the wings grey-violet with brown transversal lines. The wingspan of this species is 16 mm.
 Microsveltia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Pseudobolodon was a relatively early member of the also extinct order of mammals Multituberculata. It lived in Portugal during the Upper Jurassic part of the age of the dinosaurs. It lies within the suborder Plagiaulacida and family Paulchoffatiidae.The genus Pseudobolodon (false Bolodon) was named by Hahn G. in 1977 based on two species. A third one-time species P. robustus (Hahn 1978) seems to have transformed into Meketibolodon robustus (Hahn G.
 Phalonidia nicotiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Heilongjiang Liaoning).The wingspan is about 12 mm.
 Elegia similella is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is known from most of Europe. The habitat consists of old mature woodland and parkland.The wingspan is 19–22 mm. Adults have dark forewings and a broad white cross-line. They are on wing from June to July and are usually found high up in the trees.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Hyracodon ('hyrax tooth') is an extinct genus of mammal.It was a lightly built pony-like mammal of about 1.5 m (5 ft) long. Hyracodon's skull was large in comparison to the rest of the body. Hyracodon's dentition resembled that of later rhinoceroses but it was a much smaller animal and differed very little in appearance from the primitive horses of which it was a contemporary (32-26 million years ago).
 Acanthognathus ocellatus is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthognathus genus. Described in 1887 by Mayr the species is native to South America and other regions.
 Crossochelys is an extinct genus of South American turtle from the family Meiolaniidae. It was first named by Simpson in 1937.
 Phalonidia ochrochraon is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Pará).The wingspan is about 8 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ochreous creamy but creamy in the distal half of the wing. The suffusions are brownish ochreous and the markings are rust brown. The hindwings are brown.
 Cirriformia is a genus of marine polychaete worms in the family Cirratulidae.
 Allotinus corbeti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Eliot in 1956. It is found in Thailand Laos Peninsular Malaysia Singapore and on Borneo Sumatra and Mindanao.
 A small genus of mountain tanagers found in South America.
 Minoa euthecta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Cirrhimuraena calamus known commonly as the Fringed-lipped snake-eel or the Fringelip snake eel is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Albert Günther in 1870. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is endemic to western Australia in the eastern Indian Ocean. It forms burrows in the soft bottoms of inshore waters.
 Maylandia emmiltos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the Mpanga Rocks near Chilumba. This species can reach a length of 8.4 centimetres (3.3 in) SL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Batrachuperus is a genus of salamander in the Hynobiidae family found in western China and adjacent Myanmar. Their common name is stream salamanders or mountain salamanders. Species now in Paradactylodon were formerly part of the then paraphyletic Batrachuperus.
 Mordellistena confinis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1854 by Oronzio Gabriele Costa.
 Hollandoise or alternatively Hollandaise (1775–1782) was a grey British Thoroughbred mare that won the 1778 St. Leger Stakes the first horse to win the event under its formal title. Raced sporadically from 1778 to 1782 Hollandoise won eight races in 14 starts. She died suddenly shortly after her last race in 1782 before producing any offspring.
 Rhagadillius aethiopicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Rhagadillius.
 Atrophaneura zaleucus is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found in Burma.The wingspan is 100–110 mm. The wings are black. The body is covered in red hair. There are white markings on the hind wings.
 Craugastor obesus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Gartered Trogon (Trogon caligatus) also known as the Northern Violaceous Trogon is a near passerine bird in the trogon family Trogonidae. It is found in forests in east-central Mexico south through Central America to north-western South America (west or north of the Andes in Colombia Ecuador and Venezuela). It was formerly treated as a subspecies of the otherwise exclusively South American Violaceous Trogon (T. violaceus).
 Alitta is a genus of marine annelids in Nereididae family (commonly known as sandworms or ragworms). There are three recognised species within the genus Alitta grandis (Stimpson 1853) Alitta succinea (Frey & Leuckart 1847) and Alitta virens (M. Sars 1835). Alitta brandti Malmgren 1865 was originally considered part of the genus but is now accepted as Neanthes brandti (Malmgren 1865).
 Aspasmogaster is a genus of clingfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Acibdela is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Leucesthes.
 Ancistroides nigrita commonly known as the Chocolate Demon is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 Hemonia micrommata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1899. It is found in northern Australia.
 Prodoxus tamaulipellus is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in thorn scrub interspersed with grasslands in the Tamaulipan biotic province.The wingspan is 8.4-11.1 mm for males and 9.4-12.5 for females. The forewings are white with speckles of brown along the costa and a dark brown discal spot. The hindwings are grey but darker along the outer edge. Adults are on wing from late February to early March.The larvae feed on Yucca treculeana and Yucca filifera.
 Diastata are a genus of flies and are in the family Diastatidae.
 The lemon sole Microstomus kitt is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is native to shallow seas around Northern Europe where it lives on stony bottoms down to depths of about 200 metres (660 ft). It grows up to 65 centimetres (26 in) in length and reaches about 3 kilograms (6.6 lb) in weight.It is a popular food fish.
 Physetica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Carib Grackle (Quiscalus lugubris) is a New World tropical blackbird a resident breeder in the Lesser Antilles and northern South America east of the Andes from Colombia east to Venezuela and northeastern Brazil.There are eight races of which the most widespread is the nominate Q. l. lugubris of Trinidad and the South American mainland.
 Zygaena cynarae is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found from France east to Russia.The wingspan is about 30–31 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to July.The larvae feed on Peucedanum species including Peucedanum cervaria. Part of the larvae overwinter multiple times. Full-grown larvae can be found from April to the beginning of June.
 The sandstone night lizard Xantusia gracilis is a species of night lizard. Prior to 2005 it was considered a subspecies of the granite night lizard Xantusia henshawi. The physical difference is that the sandstone night lizard has lighter coloration.
 Pseudotorellia fragilis is a species of small sea snail with a transparent more or less internal shell a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae. Because the shell is mostly internal the snail resembles a sea slug in general appearance.
 Gymnobela homaeotata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Punctapinella paratheta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Acridini is a tribe of insects in the subfamily Acridinae (silent slant-faced grasshoppers) of the insect family Acrididae. Insects of this tribe are usually slender and like other members of the subfamily Acridinae lack stridulatory pegs and are silent.
 The striped marlin Kajikia audax is a small species of marlin found in tropical to temperate Indo-Pacific oceans not far from the surface. It is a desirable commercial and game fish with a record weight (in 1982) of 190 kg (420 lb) and a maximum length of 4.2 m (13.8 ft). The striped marlin is a predator that hunts during the day in the top 100 metres or so of the water column often near the surface. One of their chief prey is sardines.
 Ogygiocarella is an extinct subfamily of Ordovician trilobites in the order Asaphida.
 Hynhamia lasgralariae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 15.5 mm for males and 16 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with brownish strigulae. The veins are suffused with brown and the terminal area is brownish. The markings are brownish. The hindwings are cream in the distal third of the wing spotted with brownish grey. The apex is tinged with ochreous.
 Godinotia is an extinct genus of prosimian (pre-monkey) primate belonging to the Adapidae family. It lived during the Eocene epoch (49 million years ago) and its fossils have been found in the Messel Pit Germany.
 Lestrimelitta is a genus of stingless bees found in the Neotropics from Mexico to Brazil and Argentina with 19 known species [1]. They are small shining black species from 4mm to 7mm with rounded heads and reduced pollen-carrying apparatus.
 Megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna known only from Australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known echidna species. It lived during the Pleistocene becoming extinct about 50000 years ago.Megalibgwilia was first described from a broken left humerus by Richard Owen when he identified M. ramsayi in 1884. Complete skulls and postcranial fossils have since been described. A second species M. robusta was described in 1896 by Australian paleontologist William Sutherland Dun.
 The Crowned Woodnymph (Thalurania colombica) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.Taxonomically the species is confusing.
 Eupithecia tenuata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from southern British Columbia through the Rocky Mountain region to Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 16 mm. Adults are pale whitish. The forewings are marked with a small basal patch and a broad median band of a smoky grey shade which is much heavier in the costal half of the wing where it shows a strong outward bulge. Adults have been recorded on wing in July and August.
 The Sumichrast's Wren (Hylorchilus sumichrasti) or the Slender-billed Wren is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.The common name of this subspecies commemorates the Mexican naturalist Francis Sumichrast.
 Tolytia is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The searcher Bathymaster signatus is a fish native to the Northern Pacific Ocean. Its range includes the East Siberian Sea to eastern Kamchatka and the Komandorski Islands Russia to the state of Washington USA including the Sea of Okhotsk. It is found off shore to depths of about 300 meters but has been reported down to 825 m. It can reach a total size over 38 cm.
 Longitarsus suturellus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae. It is distributed in the Palearctic region from the Pyrenees to Japan. Adult beetles and larvae feed on the leaves of sage (Senecio) (Asteraceae).
 Aleurodicus dispersus the spiralling whitefly is a species of small white sap-sucking insect a true bug in the order Hemiptera. It originated in Central America and the Caribbean region and has spread to many of the world's tropical and subtropical regions. It is a major pest of agricultural crops in many of the hottest parts of the world.
 Myennis millepunctata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Tephritidae.
 The beadlet anemone Actinia equina is a common sea anemone found on rocky shores around all coasts of the United Kingdom. Its range extends to the rest of Western Europe and the Mediterranean and along the Atlantic coast of Africa as far south as South Africa.Actinia equina can be found both in exposed and sheltered situations. It is highly adapted to the intertidal zone as it can tolerate both high temperatures and desiccation.
 Parepisparis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cosmopterix ingeniosa is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from India.
 Aspilapteryx magna is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Alborz region in Iran.The wingspan is 15-16 mm.
 Leptanilloidinae is a subfamily of ants containing three genera in one tribe Leptanilloidini. The monotypic genus Amyrmex was moved from Dolichoderinae to Leptanilloidinae in 2009.
 Eois canariata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Tentaspina feriae is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia (it was described from northern Sumatra).The wingspan is 10.5-12 mm. The forewings are light brown including the terminal area and the fringes. The costa is basally black just like the quadrangular upper medial and subterminal areas. There are small black costal dots basally subbasally and subapically. The crosslines including the medial shade are brown and waved.
 Heterabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Agriomelissa brevicornis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 Coleophora horakae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from southern Queensland and the tablelands of New South Wales to central Australia.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Mimeresia libentina the Common Harlequin is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. The habitat consists of forests.Adults feed on nectar from extrafloral nectaries.
 Common names: Bismarck ringed pythonBothrochilus is a monotypic genus containing the nonvenomous python species B. boa found on the islands of the Bismarck Archipelago. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Uripao is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Agdistis maghrebi is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Algeria.The wingspan is 21-28 mm. The forewings are greyish-brown.
 Gauna pyralodes is a species of snout moths in the genus Gauna. It was described by Hampson in 1916 and is known from western Africa.Little is known about this moth. It is small and cryptic with the characteristic snout of the family Pyralidae. Its habitat lifestyle and ecology have not been studied.
 Vieraella is an extinct genus of frog from the Jurassic period of Argentina and the oldest true frog known.Despite living around 200 million years ago Vieraella was anatomically very similar to modern frogs. For example its hind legs were adapted for jumping and the skull already possessed the lattice-like form found in modern species. It was however an unusually small frog measuring only 3 centimetres (1.2 in) in length.
 Haplochromis greenwoodi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where they are found in the southeastern portion of the lake. Its preferred habitat consists of areas with rocky substrates. This species can reach a length of 13.5 centimetres (5.3 in) SL.
 Dasysphinx volatilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Ramphoprionids are a family of polychaete worms known from the Ordovician and Silurian periods (and more?)
 Gonyostomus goniostomus is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Strophocheilidae. This species is endemic to Brazil. Although it has sometimes been thought to be extinct it has nonetheless been found on the Buzios Island off the northern coast of the São Paulo State
 The Ipnopidae (deepsea tripod fishes) are a family of fishes in the order Aulopiformes. They are small slender fishes with maximum length ranging from about 10 to 40 cm (3.9 to 15.7 in). They are found in temperate and tropical deep waters of the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans.A number of species especially in the genus Bathypterois have elongated pectoral and pelvic fins.
 Hypotia brandti is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iran.
 Poropuntius krempfi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Poropuntius.
 The palefin sawbelly Hoplostethus latus is a medium-sized deep-sea fish species belonging to the slimehead family (Trachichthyidae).It is found in the Eastern Indian Ocean (Great Australian Bight).
 Agrosaurus (/ˌæɡrɵˈsɔrəs/; Greek agros meaning 'field' and sauros meaning 'lizard' field lizard referring to the place where it was supposedly discovered; Seeley 1891) is the name given to the remains of what was originally believed to be a Triassic prosauropod from Australia. Agrosaurus would thus be the oldest dinosaur from that country.
 Homoeosoma atechna is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It is found in Australia.
 Eburia baroni is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Mexico.
 Barbodes wynaadensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India where it can be found in fast-flowing rivers and streams with rock substrates. This species can reach a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) TL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Desmopuntius is a genus of cyprinids native to Southeast Asia.
 Cyclura rileyi nuchalis commonly known as the Acklins ground iguana or Watling Island iguana is an endangered subspecies of lizard of the genus Cyclura it is one of three subspecific forms of Cyclura rileyi in the family Iguanidae.
 Maliattha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Gray-crowned Rosy Finch or Gray-crowned Rosy-Finch (Leucosticte tephrocotis) is a species of passerine bird in the family Fringillidae native to Alaska western Canada and the north-western United States. Due to its remote and rocky alpine habitat it is rarely seen. There are currently six recognized subspecies. It is one of four species of rosy finches.
 Thubana albisignis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Azamora crameriana is a species of snout moth in the genus Azamora. It was described by Stoll in 1781 and is known from Surinam.
 Eois lunulosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka and Taiwan.
 The Sphagnum Frog (Philoria sphagnicolus) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family. Its natural habitats are subtropical moist upland forests subtropical moist montane forests and Streams. They vary in color from shades of yellow and orange. They usually have irregular black spots that range all over their body. Their main source of diet comes from small insects and that are usually ants. This species has been classified as endangered in 2004.
 Volvarina bayeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Homoeosoma phaeoboreas is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Goodson and Neunzig in 1993. It is found in Washington.
 The Speckled Emperor or Chipumi (Gynanisa maja) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is known from South Africa to eastern Africa (up to Angola and Zambia). Gynanisa nigra is just a darker form and not a distinct species.The wingspan is 105–113 mm.
 Loxophlebia roseipectus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1931. It is found in Brazil.
 Conus tiki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Colocasia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Proeulia longula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Bio-Bio Region Maule Region).The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish preserved in the costal part of the wing and in the form of some spots in the postmedian and apical areas. The strigulae and dots are rust and the dorsal half of the wing is rust brown. The hindwings are whitish the anal area grey.
 Hystricella turricula is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae. This species is indigenous to Madeira.
 Euxoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Babina adenopleura is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Hypocrita variabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1928. It is found in Colombia.
 Orthogonius impunctipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Quedenfeldt in 1883.
 Turbonilla semicostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cymothoe meridionalis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Turbonilla inca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ichthyborus is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in tropical Africa with these currently described species: Ichthyborus besse (Joannis 1835) I. b. besse (Joannis 1835) I. b. congolensis Giltay 1930 Ichthyborus monodi (Pellegrin 1927) Ichthyborus ornatus (Boulenger 1899) Ichthyborus quadrilineatus (Pellegrin 1904)
 Dysauxes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Ortalis massyla is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Tephritidae.
 The Pacific lamprey (Entosphenus tridentatus) is an anadromous parasitic lamprey from the Pacific Coast of North America and Asia. It is also known as the three tooth lamprey and tridentate lamprey.
 The Huckleberry Sphinx (Paonias astylus) is a moth in the family Sphingidae. It is found in eastern North America from Maine south to Florida west to Missouri and Mississippi.The wingspan is 55–65 mm. Adults are on wing from March to June and again in September in two generations in Florida.
 Andrena is the largest genus in the family Andrenidae and is nearly worldwide in distribution with the notable exceptions of Oceania and South America. With over 1300 species it is one of the largest of all bee genera.
 Styloleptoides inflaticollis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Styloleptoides. It was described by Chemsak in 1966.
 Hamaticherus bellator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Hamaticherus.
 Concern (foaled 1991 in Maryland) is a multi-millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by top stallion Broad Brush who in turn was a son of Ack Ack. His dam was Fara's Team. Concern was best known for his wins in the 1994 Breeders' Cup Classic and the grade two Arkansas Derby. Born at owner Robert Meyerhoff's Fitzhugh Farm in Phoenix Maryland. To date Concern is one of only three Maryland-bred horses ever to surpass the three million dollar mark in earnings.
 The hero shrew (Scutisorex somereni) also known as the armored shrew is a large shrew native to the Congo Basin of Africa. Its features are typical of a white-toothed shrew − short legs slender snout dense fur − except for a highly unusual spinal column. It has corrugated interlocking vertebrae that are unique among mammals except for its sister species Thor's hero shrew.
 Chionobathyscus dewitti is a species of crocodile icefish native to the Southern Ocean where it occurs at depths of 500 to 2000 metres (1600 to 6600 ft). The species which grows to a length of 60 centimetres (24 in) TL is the only known member of its genus.
 Hilarographa bryonota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Chamaesphecia crassicornis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in south-eastern Austria southern Slovakia Hungary Serbia Romania Bulgaria southern Russia Kazakhstan and Kirgizia. It is rare in central Europe. It has been released in North America for the biological control of Leafy spurge.The wingspan is 16–22 mm. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed on Euphorbia esula Euphorbia incisa Euphorbia cyparissias and to a lesser extent Euphorbia lathyris.
 Cyclophora urcearia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Mexico to Paraguay and on Jamaica and in Trinidad.
 Eutelesia vulgaris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Agrisius aestivalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Guangdong).
 Coleophora amygdalina is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Tajikistan.
 Coleophora albicilia is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Teredina is an extinct genus of fossil bivalve mollusks that lived from the Late Cretaceous to the late Pliocene in Asia Europe and North America.Teredina shells consist of 2 short hooked valves with a pair of furrows and each valve with transverse ridges. The overall body was long and clud-shaped.
 Eupithecia inexplicabilis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kyrgyzstan.
 Cepola macrophthalma is a fish of the bandfish family Cepolidae. It is found in the eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean from Senegal north to the British Isles. This species is known as the red bandfish though this name is also given to other members of the genus Cepola.
 Squatina caillieti is a species of angel shark family Squatinidae known only from a 33 cm (13 in) long immature female caught in the Philippines where it is the only known representative of its family. It has a flattened body and head with greatly expanded pectoral and pelvic fins and is greenish above with brown spots.
 Tarsagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tarsagonum kaszabi Louwerens 1966 Tarsagonum latipes Darlington 1952↑
 The Dimorphic Fantail (Rhipidura brachyrhyncha) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Exyrias akihito is a species of marine goby. Since the recent description of this species it has been found to have a wide distribution in the western Pacific including the Great Barrier Reef New Guinea Indonesia the Philippines and the Yaeyama Islands Japan. One individual was photographed in Palau and on January 13 2005 one was caught in the lagoon of Majuro Atoll in the Marshall Islands.
 Calpurnus verrucosus the 'Umbilical Egg Shell' or 'Warty/Little Egg Cowry' is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the cowries.
 Lepidochrysops pterou is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of rocky hillsides and the tops of low rocky outcrops with sparse grass and lamiates and stunted vegetation. Subspecies suk is found on rocky hills and in sparse grass-lamiate areas in savanna under thorn trees and Combretum species.Adults feed from flowers.
 Paracaesio is a genus of snappers native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean with these currently recognized species: Paracaesio brevidentata W. T. White & Last 2012 Paracaesio caerulea (Katayama 1934) (Japanese snapper) Paracaesio gonzalesi Fourmanoir & Rivaton 1979 (Vanuatu snapper) Paracaesio kusakarii T. Abe 1960 (saddle-back snapper) Paracaesio paragrapsimodon W. D. Anderson & Kailola 1992 Paracaesio sordida T. Abe & S.
 Echinolittorina malaccana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Colophon neli is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae. It is endemic to South Africa.
 The African common toad or guttural toad (Amietophrynus gutturalis) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Lesotho Malawi Mauritius Mozambique Namibia Réunion Somalia South Africa Ethiopia Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests dry savanna moist savanna temperate shrubland subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland intermittent rivers freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.
 Lungfish (also known as salamanderfish) are freshwater fish belonging to the subclass Dipnoi. Lungfish are best known for retaining characteristics primitive within the Osteichthyes including the ability to breathe air and structures primitive within Sarcopterygii including the presence of lobed fins with a well-developed internal skeleton.Today lungfish live only in Africa South America and Australia.
 Ziridava is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 Caloptilia megalotis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Meghalaya.
 Neorossia is a genus of bobtail squid comprising two species.
 Aloeides plowesi Plowes’ Copper is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe.Adults are on wing from August to November and in May and June.
 Odostomia zijpi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Chatham (foaled 1928) was an outstanding Australian Thoroughbred racehorse that was bred by Percy Miller at the Kia Ora Stud near Scone in the Hunter Region New South Wales.
 Nataliconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Galacticidae is a recently recognised and enigmatic family of insects in the lepidopteran order. These moderate sized moths are 8-17 mm. in wingspan and have previously been embedded within several lepidopteran superfamilies (Tineoidea: Psychidae Urodoidea Sesioidea and in several families of Yponomeutoidea) but Galacticidae is currently placed in its own superfamily at the base of the natural group Apoditrysia (Dugdale et al. 1999 [1998]; May 2004).
 Achramorphidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida.
 Phosinella cancellata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Altiatlasius is potentially the oldest known euprimate (primate of modern aspect) dating to the Late Paleocene from Morocco. The only species Altiatlasius koulchii was described in 1990.Its true taxonomic position remains controversial.
 Nicrophorus quadripunctatus is a burying beetle described by Kraatz in 1877.
 Trispila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellaria scripta is a species of beetle in the Mordellaria genus which is part of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1863.
 Amata romeii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1941. It is found in Somalia.
 Hypospila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellistena paraintersecta is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1965 and can be found in countries such as Greece Hungary southern part of Russia and Near East.
 Ceromitia cuneella is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Walsingham in 1891. It is found in South Africa.
 Poecilium lividum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Poecilium.
 Arctogymnites is an ammonoid cephalopod from the middle Triassic included in the ceratitid subfamily Beyrichitinae. Related genera include Beyrichites Frechites Gymnotoceras and SalteritesThe Treatise Part L 1957 separates the beyrichitids (Beyrichidae) as an independent family in the Ceratitaceae separate from the Ceratitidae. Later (Tozer 1981) they were incorporated into the Ceratitidae as a subfamily.
 Heliozela resplendella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Pyrenees Alps and Romania and from Ireland to the Baltic region.The wingspan is 5–7 mm. Adults are on wing from late May to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Alnus glutinosa Alnus glutinosa x incana and Alnus incana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts in a heavy leaf vein. The larva bores in the vein descending towards the midrib.
 Phyllophoridae is a family of sea cucumbers marine invertebrates with elongated bodies leathery skins and feeding tentacles.Members of the family are characterised by a complex ring of calcareous ossicles arranged in a tube making a mosaic pattern. The tentacles number ten to twenty-five. Some members have spindle-shaped bodies whilst others are buried in the substrate and adopt a U-shaped form.
 Conopomorpha habrodes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Western Australia.
 Anisothrix adustalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Peru.
 The Riversleigh rainforest koala (Nimiokoala greystanesi) is an extinct species of marsupial closely related to the modern koala that lived 10–16 million years ago in the middle Miocene of Queensland. It probably had a diet of leaves similar to that of the modern species but whether it specialized on eucalypt leaves is unknown. It was a third of a modern koala's size being 25–30 cm long and the mouth protruded from the skull.
 Pachyagrotis tischendorfi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the steppes and semi-deserts of south-eastern Turkey Armenia Lebanon Israel Syria Jordan and Saudi Arabia.Adults are on wing in November. There is one generation per year.
 Nyctycia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Calliotropis velata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Judeasaurus is an extinct genus of small aquatic varanoid lizard related to the mosasauroids. The only known specimen is from the Late Cretaceous of the Middle East though its exact provenance is uncertain.
 Sternidius variegatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Sternidius. It was described by Haldeman in 1847.
 Onoba dimassai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The black-headed nightingale-thrush (Catharus mexicanus) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is found in Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Lecithocera theconoma is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Elachista nuraghella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula and Sardinia and in Italy Austria Bulgaria Greece and Turkey.
 Supreme Court (1948–1962) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. After winning the Horris Hill Stakes as a two-year-old Supreme Court was undefeated in four races as a three-year-old in 1951 taking the Chester Vase and King Edward VII Stakes before beating a strong international field to win the inaugural King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
 Oegoconia deauratella is a species of gelechioid moth. It is known from most of Europe.The wingspan is 11–15 mm.The larva probably feed on dried and decaying vegetable matter.
 Ukamenia sapporensis is a moth in the Tortricidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1931. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido Honshu) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 10.5-14.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey with a rosy-red costal patch a bluish metallic mark a series of metallic spots and ochreous-brown streaks. The hindwings are brownish grey.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Hamamelis japonica Vaccinium oldhami Quercus mongolica and Castanea crenata.
 Oxogona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Wakaleo vanderleueri lived during the middle Miocene approximately 21.6 million years ago. It’s been found in limestone deposits in Riversleigh.The first fossil a right dentary fragment was found in 1967 by a group of field workers in the northern territory at Bullock Creek. Since then more fossils have been recovered including a well preserved near complete cranium with mandible.
 Cymothoe magambae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes between 1700 and 2200 meters.
 Acanthoprora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Craspedoxanthitea is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Emmelina buscki is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Florida and Mexico but has also been recorded from Costa Rica and Jamaica.The wingspan is 20–21 mm. Adults are tawny or brownish white the abdomen with a slight brown dorsal stripe and some brown scales on the sides and below.
 The white-banded wolf snake or northern large-toothed snake Dinodon septentrionalis is a species of colubrid snake found in Asia.
 Melichares is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
 Eupithecia orbaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Blue Jewel-babbler (Ptilorrhoa caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Cinclosomatidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ancylis mitterbachiana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe to Asia Minor.The wingspan is 11-14 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June in the United Kingdom. On continental Europe there are up to two generations yearly with adults on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Quercus and Fagus species. The larva spins a leaf into a capacious pod and eats the parenchyma scarifying the inner surface.
 Brevoxathres albobrunneus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Gilmour in 1962 and is known from Peru and Bolivia.
 Acrolophus directus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Trithemis arteriosa the Red-veined Dropwing is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae.
 For the Italian island see LampedusaLampedusa is a genus of small very elongate air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 Orenaia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Vandellia is a genus of catfishes native to South America. The species in this genus are the most well-known of the parasitic catfishes also known as candiru known for their alleged habit of entering the human urethra.
 Chaetodermis penicilligerus also known as the Prickly leather-jacket or Tasselled Leather-jacket is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Monacanthidae. It occasionally makes its way into the marine aquarium fish trade.
 Microhyla perparva is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gamasolaelaps bellingeri is a species of mite belonging to the family Veigaiidae. The female is only 0.5 mm in length the male even smaller. Both can be recognized by the dorsal sclerotized shield being deeply incised laterally. This species is found in damp habitats such as moss and leaf litter in Jamaica.
 Plectrurus perrotetii commonly known as the Nilgiri burrowing snake or Perrotet's shieldtail is a species of harmless uropeltid snake endemic to India.
 Parapilocrocis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Spilosoma atrivenata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Tanzania.
 Conus virgo is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Glyphipterix aulogramma is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1908. It is found in New Zealand.
 Vexillum (Vexillum) vulpecula common name : the Little Fox Mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Tjarrpecinus rothi is an extinct thylacinid marsupial that lived during the late Miocene and has been found at the Alcoota scientific reserve in the Northern Territory. The specific name honors Karl Roth for his contributions to the natural history of central Australia.T. rothi is known from a holotype left maxillary fragment and was reassembled from a concentration of small bone and tooth fragments. Most of the fragments exhibit chemical erosion and have a layer of calcite.
 Nigilgia browni is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2013. It is found on Christmas Island.
 The orange spotted catshark or rusty catshark (Asymbolus rubiginosus) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found only off West Australia at depths of between 25 and 540 m. Its length is up to 39 cm.
 Scoliophthalmus is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Meneclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Meneclia pallidula which is found in Namibia.
 Scoparia indistinctalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in New Zealand.
 Pseudisthmiade larrei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pseudisthmiade.
 Panthea is a genus of the owlet moth family Noctuidae. 'Panthea is from Greek meaning of all gods.
 Tropidophis wrighti or the gracile banded dwarf boa is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family endemic to Cuba.
 Stupidogobius flavipinnis is a species of fish in the Gobiidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Neoselenia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Comal blind salamander or Honey Creek Cave blind salamander (Eurycea tridentifera) is a small species of aquatic lungless salamander native to the United States. It is endemic to a small region at the junction of Comal Bexar and Kendall Counties in Texas. It is 1.5 to 3.0 in long with a slender body and external gills and is an overall translucent pink color.
 The Mayotte White-eye or Chestnut-sided White-eye (Zosterops mayottensis) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is now found only on Mayotte in the Comoro Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.The Marianne White-eye formerly considered as subspecies of Mayotte White-eye occurred on Marianne and perhaps other islands in the Seychelles but is now extinct.
 The members of Triatominae /traɪ.əˈtɒmɨniː/ a subfamily of Reduviidae are also known as conenose bugs kissing bugs assassin bugs or triatomines. Most of the 130 or more species of this subfamily are haematophagous i.e. feed on vertebrate blood; a very few species feed on other invertebrates (Sandoval et al. 2000 2004). They are mainly found and widespread in the Americas with a few species present in Asia Africa and Australia.
 Caenopedina indica is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Caenopedina indica was first scientifically described in 1903 by de Meijere.
 Paraptila is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Anthelymantria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Hypercompe caudata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Texas southern Arizona Mexico Costa Rica Honduras and Nicaragua.The wingspan is 56 mm for males and 86 mm for females. Adults are on wing in January April October and November.
 The Schouteden's Swift (Schoutedenapus schoutedeni) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Belgian zoologist Henri Eugene Schouteden.
 Clarkeulia exstinctrix is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Sao Paulo).
 Atopodontus adriaensi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Gabon where it occurs in rapids of the Ivindo Okano Ngounié and the Nyanga Rivers. This species grows to a length of 10.0 centimetres (3.9 in) SL. This species is the only described member of its genus.
 Oestocephalidae is an extinct family of Late Carboniferous aïstopod lepospondyls. Fossils have been found from Ohio Illinois and Colorado in the United States; England; and the Czech Republic. It includes the genera Coloraderpeton and Oestocephalus. Oestocephalids have robust skulls and narrow rounded snouts. They possess heavily ossified gastralia and dorsal osteoderms. Like other aïstopods oestocephalids were elongate having approximately 110 vertebrae.
 Histopona egonpretneri is a funnel-web spider species found in Croatia.
 Cephetola kakamegae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Kenya.
 Centroscymnus is a genus of squaliform sleeper sharks in the family Somniosidae.
 Mordellistena insulcata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae and is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1929 by Maurice Pic.
 Bisigna procerella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on lichens on tree-trunks.
 The East Pacific red octopus (Octopus rubescens) is the most commonly occurring shallow-water octopus on much of the North American West Coast and an ubiquitous benthic predator in these habitats. Its range extends from the southern Gulf of California at least to the Gulf of Alaska but may also occur in the western Pacific Ocean. O. rubescens occurs intertidally to a depth of 300 m.
 Gallienica is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae from Madagascar.
 Calophaena is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Calophaena aculeata Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena acuminata (Olivier 1790) Calophaena alboguttata Waterhouse 1880 Calophaena angusticollis Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena apicalis Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena apiceguttata Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena arcuata (Guerin-Meneville 1844) Calophaena arrowi Liebke 1930 Calophaena azurea Liebke 1938 Calophaena batesii Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena bicincta (Dejean & Boisduval 1829) Calophaena bifasciata (Olivier 1790) Calophaena bonvouloirii Chaudoir 1872 Calophaena buckleyi Liebke 1930 Calophaena caeruleofasciata Liebke 1930 Calophaena cincta (Gray 1832) Calophaena cordicollis Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena costaricensis Liebke 1930 Calophaena cruciata Bates 1878 Calophaena dentatofasciata Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena distincta Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena dupuisi Liebke 1930 Calophaena ephippigera Liebke 1930 Calophaena gerstaeckeri Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena gounellei Liebke 1935 Calophaena grandispina Liebke 1930 Calophaena hieroglyphica Liebke 1930 Calophaena interrupta Liebke 1938 Calophaena laevigata Bates 1878 Calophaena lafertei Guerin-Meneville 1844 Calophaena latecincta Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena latefasciata Motschulsky 1864 Calophaena maculata (Dejean 1825) Calophaena mimosa Reichardt 1971 Calophaena moseri Liebke 1930 Calophaena nevermanni Liebke 1930 Calophaena nigripennis Chaudoir 1852 Calophaena peruana Mateu 1972 Calophaena pleurostigma Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena quadrimaculata (Gory 1830) Calophaena rutilicollis Liebke 1930 Calophaena schroederi Liebke 1930 Calophaena sexmaculata Liebke 1930 Calophaena unifasciata Chaudoir 1861 Calophaena virgata Liebke 1930 Calophaena viridipennis Bates 1871 Calophaena vitticollis Bates 1883 Calophaena xanthacra Chaudoir 1861↑
 Telamoptilia hemistacta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Bihar) Taiwan Japan (the Ryukyu Islands) and Madagascar.The wingspan is about 7 mm.The larvae feed on Achyranthes species including Achyranthes aspera Achyranthes bidentata and Achyranthes japonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Nesocordulia villiersi is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is endemic to Comoros.
 The Russet-tailed Thrush (Zoothera heinei) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family closely related to the more widespread Bassian Thrush (Zoothera lunulata).It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pseudohemihyalea edwardsii Edwards' Glassy-wing is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Packard in 1864. It is found from western Oregon and the Columbia Gorge in southern Washington south to California in the south-west east to western New Mexico. The habitat consists of oak woodlands and mixed hardwood forests at low elevations.The length of the forewings is 27-31 mm. The forewings are translucent ochre yellow with a dusting of dark brown scales.
 The Pistol Casebearer (Coleophora multipulvella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America from Virginia to Kansas and northward to Canada. It is also known from California and Utah.The larvae feed on buds and leaves of apple cherry pear plum and quince. They create a somewhat pistol-shaped case.
 Aratus pisonii commonly known as the mangrove tree crab is a species of crab which lives in mangrove trees in tropical and subtropical parts of the Americas from Florida to Brazil on the Atlantic coast and from Nicaragua to Peru on the Pacific coast. It feeds mostly on the leaves of the mangroves but is an omnivore and prefers animal matter when possible. A. pisonii is the only species in the monotypic genus Aratus.
 Boreocingula is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 Ceracanthia cornuta is a species of snout moth. It was described by Neunzig and Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica.
 Lottia septiformis is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Arawana is also an alternative spelling of Arowana a kind of fish.Arawana is a genus of ladybirds.
 Zebina semipliacta is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Red-browed Amazon (Amazona rhodocorytha) is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It is endemic to Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil. It has been considered a subspecies of the Blue-cheeked Amazon but today all major authorities consider them separate species. It is threatened both by habitat loss and by being captured for the trade in wild parrots.
 Agdistis gittia is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Spain.The wingspan is 22-23 mm. The forewings and hindwings are greyish-brown.
 Crassispira flavocarinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Hexabranchidae is a monotypic family of colorful nudibranchs (often called sea slugs) which contains only a single genus Hexabranchus with two species and has no subfamilies.This family is one of the many families of dorid nudibranchs in the suborder Doridina named after Doris who was a sea nymph in ancient Greek mythology.The genus contains one of the largest known species of nudibranch in the world H. sanguineus which grows up to or exceeding 40 cm in length.
 Larinus araxicola is a species of true weevil found in the Araks valley in northeastern Turkey.The weevil feeds on Centaurea polypodiifolia L. (Asteraceae). Females lay eggs on the flowerheads and larvae undergo development inside the flower heads.
 The Dark-rumped Rosefinch (Carpodacus edwardsii) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in Bhutan China India Myanmar and Nepal. Its natural habitats are boreal forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Pseudopostega microacris is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is only known from north-eastern Costa Rica in lowland rainforest from 50 to 500 meters elevation.The length of the forewings is 2.2-2.4 mm. Adults are mostly white. Adults have been collected in January and from October to November.
 Heterodera humuli is a plant pathogenic nematode the hop cyst nematode. It is an obligate parasite and infests hop plants Humulus lupulus.
 The Splendid Royal Moth (Citheronia splendens) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from southern Arizona south into central and south-eastern Mexico.The wingspan is 106–150 millimetres (4.2–5.9 in). Adults are on wing from July to August.
 The fat-tailed dunnart (Sminthopsis crassicaudata) is a species of mouse-like marsupial of the Dasyuridae the family that includes the little red kaluta quolls and the Tasmanian devil. It has an average body length of 60–90 mm with a tail of 45–70 mm. Ear length is 14–16 mm. Its weight varies between 10-20 grams it is one of the smallest carnivorous marsupials. The tail becomes fat a few mm from the anus and right up to the tip of the tail.
 Anemosa isadasalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Anemosa. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Australia.
 Heliconius antiochus the Antiochus Longwing is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1767. It is found from Panama to the Amazon region. The habitat consists of riparian forests.Adults have blue-black wings with two transverse white or yellow bands on the distal part of the forewings.
 Elachista ictera is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory and south-eastern New South Wales.The wingspan is 7.9-8.1 mm for males. The forewings are ochreous yellow. The hindwings are pale grey.
 Batillaria australis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae.
 Leptura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Leptura abdominalis (Haldeman 1847) Leptura aethiops (Poda 1761) Leptura anthracina LeConte 1875 Leptura annularis Fabricius 1801 Leptura aurulenta Fabricius 1792 Leptura hovorei Linsley & Chemsak 1976 Leptura kerniana Fall 1907 Leptura obliterata (Haldeman 1847) Leptura pacifica (Linsley 1940) Leptura plagifera LeConte 1873 Leptura plebeja Randall 1838 Leptura propinqua Bland 1865 Leptura quadrifasciata Linnaeus 1758 Leptura sequoiae (Hopping 1934) Leptura subhamata Randall 1838The beetle formerly known as Leptura armata is now called Rutpela maculata.
 Mordella caracaensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1929.
 Cheiracanthium macedonicum is a spider species found in Bulgaria and Macedonia.
 Boreogadus saida known as the polar cod or as the Arctic cod is a fish of the cod family Gadidae related to the true cod (genus Gadus). Note that there is also another fish species for which both the common names Arctic cod and polar cod are used Arctogadus glacialis.Boreogadus saida has a slender body deeply forked tail projecting mouth and a small whisker on its chin. It is plainly coloured with brownish spots and a silvery body. It grows to a length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL.
 Menestho diaphana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Scartella itajobi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Atlantic ocean. This species reaches a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 Nimravus is an extinct genus of the family Nimravidae subfamily Nimravinae (false saber-toothed cat) endemic to North America during the Oligocene epoch (33.3—26.3 mya) existing for approximately 7 million years.
 Ptychatractus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ptychatractidae.
 The southern lanternfish Lampanyctus australis is a lanternfish of the family Myctophidae found circumglobally in the southern hemisphere between 33° S and 44° S mainly at below 500 m. Its length is about 13 cm. It is an oceanic mesopelagic species eaten by hakes kingklip and Cape horse mackerel.
 Coccyzus is a genus of cuckoos which occur in the Americas.
 Euclasta gigantalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. The female has a wingspan of 45mm.
 Neptunea arthritica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The spotted wolffish (Anarhichas minor) is a large marine fish of the Anarhichadidae family. Other common names include leopardfish and spotted catfish. It is classified as a threatened species at risk of extinction.The bottom-dwelling spotted wolffish is found across the North Atlantic from north of Russia to the Scotian Shelf off Nova Scotia. The population declined by about 90% from the late 1970s through the early 1990s particularly in the northern part of its range.
 Proschistis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Spurilla faustina is a rare species of sea slug an aeolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aeolidiidae.
 Common names: (none).Anomalepis is a genus of nonvenomous blind snakes found in Central and South America. Currently 4 monotypic species are recognized.
 The Pink-billed Parrotfinch (Erythrura kleinschmidti) is a species of estrildid finch found in island of Viti Levu Fiji. Commonly found at undisturbed mature forest in the centre and east of Viti Levu e.g. Joske's Thumb near Suva. This species is found at mid-height along tree-trunks and branches usually alone or in pairs but also joining mixed-species flocks feeding primarily on insects but also flower buds and fruits.
 Zeuxidia is a genus of very large butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.their hindwings have a leaf pattern.
 Rhinophis punctatus or Müller's earth snake is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Thorunna montrouzieri is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Strictispira paxillus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.
 Perithinus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 The European pond turtle (Emys orbicularis) also called the European pond terrapin is a long-living freshwater species of turtle.
 The bight ghostshark or blackfin ghostshark (Hydrolagus lemures) is a species of fish in the Chimaeridae family endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 The naked-soled conyrat (Reithrodon typicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in grasslands in northern Argentina southern Brazil and Uruguay.
 The Larch Needleworm Moth (Zeiraphera improbana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is about 19 mm.The larvae feed on Larix species.
 Noctuides is a genus of snout moths. It was described by .
 Cenothyla is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cenothyla cognata (Chaudoir 1843) Cenothyla consobrina (Lucas 1857)↑
 Baryssinus bicirrifer is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Stenoptilia conicephala is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Kenya.
 Aethes planaltinae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Distrito Federal).
 The Salokko Rat (Taeromys arcuatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Dysgonia coreana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea and the Russian Far East (the Primorye region).Dysgonia coreana is treated as a synonym of Dysgonia obscura by some authors.
 Ogasawarana nitida is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae the helicinids.
 Comber (Serranus cabrilla) is a species of fish in the family Serranidae.It lives in the Mediterranean Sea the Black Sea and the Atlantic coast from the British Isles to the Cape of Good Hope including the Azores Madeira and the Canary Islands. The habitat are rocky or sandy sounding-deeps at depths of 0–200 metres (0–656 ft). Size can vary from 5–25 centimetres (2.0–9.8 in) in normal individual to up to 40 cm (16 in).The comber feeds on other fish cephalopods and crustaceans.
 Glyphipterix bergstraesserella is a moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Netherlands Portugal most of the Balkan Peninsula and Ukraine.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July and in October.The larvae feed on Luzula luzuloides. They bore the stem of their host plant.
 Caloptilia selenitis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New Zealand.The larvae feed on Fagus species including Fagus menziesii. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The late instar larva of make a pouch of two or three terminal leaves on twigs. Pouches containing larvae are shed and fall to the ground in autumn while the larvae are still present.
 Ematheudes hamatus is a species of snout moths in the genus Ematheudes. It was described by J.C. Shaffer in 1998 and is known from Zambia.
 Eupithecia amathes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Gyostega is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Altolamprologus compressiceps is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.It is physically similar to its close relative A. calvus though it is deeper-bodied and has a shorter snout.Several local variants exist and some may prove to be distinct species or subspecies.
 Ceryx elasson is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and Gabon.
 The Common Lineblue Prosotas nora is a species of lycaenid butterfly found in Asia.
 Paroreodon is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae subfamily Merycoidodontinae endemic to North America during the Oligocene-Miocene subepochs (30.8—20.6 mya) existing for approximately 10.2 million years.
 Eucalyptia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cerithiopsis jeffreysi is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Caribbean Sea and European oceans. It was described by Watson in 1885.
 Anisotenes pyrra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Maracaibo Tody-Flycatcher (Todirostrum viridanum) also known as the Short-tailed Tody-Flycatcher is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to arid scrub in the region near Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela. It has formerly been considered a subspecies of the Common Tody-Flycatcher which it resembles.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Palfuria helichrysorum is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.
 Bergeria tamsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1952. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Sclerobunus robustus is a species of harvestman that occurs in the United States.
 The Panama cross-banded tree frog Smilisca sila is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia Costa Rica and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stigmella braunella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family which is endemic to California.The wingspan is 5.4–6.6 millimetres (0.21–0.26 in). There are two generations per year with late instar larvae being encountered throughout the year.The larvae feed on Prunus ilicifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is located on the upper-surface and is linear or serpentine and convoluted terminally and in this region frequently crossing itself or forming a blotch.
 Coleophora arenicola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Algeria.The larvae feed on Hedysarum multijugum. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 The spotfin butterflyfish Chaetodon ocellatus is a butterflyfish found in the western Atlantic Ocean in the Gulf of Mexico and most commonly found in the Caribbean Sea.The name is derived from the dark spot on the fish's dorsal fin. This combined with a vertical black bar through the eye is designed to confuse predators. The vertical black bar disappears as the fish gets older and other black lines become more prominent.
 The Banded Duffer Discophora deo De Nicéville 1898 is a butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 The Black-spotted Sticky Frog (Kalophrynus pleurostigma) is a small frog with a black spot just in front of each of its hind legs. It releases a sticky substance when threatened thereby making it an unpleasant meal for predators allowing it to escape from harm.This species develops in the pitchers of some carnivorous Nepenthes a habitat that is fast diminishing locally. On a global scale it is not yet considered threatened by the IUCN.
 A superfamily of usually very small monotrysian moths that are characterised by small or large eyecaps over the compound eyes. Nepticuloidea comprises two families the pigmy moths (Nepticulidae) with 12 genera which are very diverse worldwide and are usually leaf miners and the white eyecap moths (Opostegidae) also worldwide but with five genera and about a ninth as many species whose biology is less well known (Davis 1999).
 Diplodonta punctata or the Atlantic diplodon is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Ungulinidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies and Bermuda.
 Brevoxathres irrorata is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne in 2007 and is known from Brazil.
 Tinissa albipuncta is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1976. It is found in New Guinea.
 Arise (foaled 1946 at Hamburg Place in Kentucky) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by the 1936 Santa Anita Derby winner He Did a son of the 1928 Preakness Stakes winner Victorian. Out of the dam Coralie B. his damsire Apprehension was a grandson of English Triple Crown champion Rock Sand.Arise was purchased by Harry Addison Sr. and Mrs. Jack Addison of Toronto Ontario from breeder R. M. Wood in 1946.
 Gorytvesica sachatamiae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is 13.5-14.5 mm for males and 16.5 mm females. The ground colour of the forewings is pale ferruginous but darker towards the wing base. The hindwings are whitish grey tinged with pale ferruginous at the apex.
 Epischnia sareptella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Leraut in 2002 and is known from Russia.
 Anachis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Coleophora solidaginella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain and Portugal.The larvae feed on Dittrichia viscosa and Solidago species. They create a laterally compressed spatulate leaf case of about 12 mm. The rear end is hardly narrowed squarely cut off and bivalved. The mouth angle is about 30°. The larva makes two or three cases. Once the larvae have attached the case to a leaf they may leave their case and sometimes make real galleries. Larvae can be found up to May.
 Pseudohynobius is a genus of salamanders in the Hynobiidae family (Asiatic salamanders) and is endemic to China. It contains the following species:Yellow-spotted salamander (Pseudohynobius flavomaculatus)Guizhou salamander (Pseudohynobius guizhouensis)Jinfo Mountain salamander (Pseudohynobius jinfo)Kuankuoshui salamander (Pseudohynobius kuankuoshuiensis)Puxiong salamander (Pseudohynobius puxiongensis)Shuicheng salamander (Pseudohynobius shuichengensis)↑
 Clea paviei is a Southeast Asian species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks most of which are marine.
 Jana is a genus of moth in the family Eupterotidae from Africa.
 Thorunna daniellae is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Pseudamycla is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Nesticella mogera is a spider from the Nesticidae family. It is the type species of the genus Nesticella.
 Maliattha fervens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1906. It is found in India (Karnataka).
 The whale shark (Rhincodon typus) is a slow-moving filter feeding shark and the largest known extant fish species. The largest confirmed individual had a length of 12.65 m (41.50 ft) and a weight of more than 21.5 metric tons (47000 lb) and unconfirmed reports of considerably larger whale sharks exist. Claims of individuals over 14 m (46 ft) long and weighing at least 30 mt (66000 lb) are not uncommon.
 Inanidrilus extrmus is a species of Annelid worm.
 Grahamia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Asura zebrina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales).
 Merdigera obscura is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
 Epinephelus polyphekadion commonly called Camouflage grouper among various other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.The Camouflage grouper is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area from the eastern coast of Africa to the French Polynesia and it's also present in the Red Sea.This grouper is a medium sized fish it can grow up to 90 centimetres (35 in) length.Its natural habitats are open seas shallow seas subtidal aquatic beds coral reefs rocky shores and coastal saline lagoons.It is threatened by commercial and recreational fishing including the life reef fish trade and also habitat degradation of coral reefs.
 Tiberia analoga is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The ruby tetra Axelrodia riesei is a species of freshwater fish in the family Characidae.It is found in the Río Meta Colombia South America. In nature it has a natural red colour but this is somewhat lessened in captivity. Ruby tetras grow up to 4 cm (1.6 in) long.
 Polymera is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Brachinus pectoralis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Crimea Ukraine.
 Northern Checkerspot (Chlosyne palla) is a member of the Nymphalidae family that is found in North America. They range from southern British Columbia to Alberta south to California Utah and Colorado excluding Nevada.
 Granigyra oblatogyra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Virbia ferruginosa the Rusty Holomelina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found from Nova Scotia to British Columbia in Canada. In the United States it is found from the north-east and upper Midwest south to Virginia Mississippi Missouri and Louisiana.The length of the forewings is about 13.4 mm for males and 15 mm for females. The male forewings are cinnamon brown with a faint olive brown discal spot.
 Gagata itchkeea is a species of sisorid catfish native to India and probably also to Pakistan. This species grows to a length of 7.6 centimetres (3.0 in) TL.
 Eutonia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 The Blue-Tufted Starthroat (Heliomaster furcifer) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Paraguay Uruguay and possibly Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and dry savanna.
 Xanthaciura is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Pseudoniscus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran.
 Erymella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Automolis subulva is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1884. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Ghana and Mali.
 Caphys pallida is a species of snout moths in the genus Caphys. It was described by Hampson in 1897 and is known from Brazil.
 The Speckled Argyresthia Moth (Argyresthia subreticulata) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Florida Maryland Pennsylvania Ohio Oklahoma Tennessee and Texas.The wingspan is about 9 mm. The dorsal two-thirds of the forewings is pure immaculate white from the base to shortly before the apex. The costal third from the base to the apex is light golden-brown in the apical part somewhat darker and reticulated with white.
 Glipostena medleri is a species of beetle in the Glipostena genus. It was discovered in 1999.
 Neoscaptia angustifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in New Guinea.
 The cherubfish or pygmy angelfish (Centropyge argi) is a gentle omnivorous marine angelfish with a metallic blue body and yellow to orange colouration in parts of the head only. It is native to the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico and has a maximum length of 8 cm. It is easily confused with the orangeback angelfish (Centropyge acanthops) but in the latter the orange stripe extends across the back.When kept in an aquarium cherubfish are distributed throughout the tank.
 The Ephippidae are a family containing the spadefishes with about eight genera and a total of 20 species mostly marine. The most well-known species are probably those in the reef-dwelling genus Platax the batfishes which are kept as aquarium fish. They are spade-shaped and laterally compressed and have very symmetrical triangular dorsal and anal fins. They are shiny silver with areas of yellow and vertical brown or black banding.
 Eugoa quadriplagiata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Martens's Warbler (Seicercus omeiensis) also known as Omei Warbler or Emei Shan Warbler is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae (or Sylviidae) family. It is found in China and Myanmar. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Coleophora loxodon is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Russia (the Crimea).
 Antona immutata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Parectopa grisella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java) and Malaysia (West Malaysia).The larvae feed on Manilkara zapota and Mimusops elengi. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Orgyiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pseudohaje nigra also called Black tree cobra is a species of tree cobra found in central and western Africa. This species is one of the two tree cobras in Africa the other being the Gold's Tree Cobra (Pseudohaje goldii).
 Henricus inanimalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Chiapas).
 The Short-bearded Melidectes (Melidectes nouhuysi) also known as the Short-bearded Honeyeater is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Camel (1822 – 6 November 1844) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He won five of his seven races including the Port Stakes in 1825 but his appearances were limited by leg problems. Throughout his racing career he was owned by Charles Wyndham. After retiring from racing Camel became a successful stallion siring St. Leger winners Touchstone and Launcelot and becoming British Champion sire in 1838.
 The Incan caenolestid (Lestoros inca) or Incan shrew opossum is a species of shrew opossum in the family Caenolestidae. It is the only member of the genus Lestoros. It is endemic to Peru.
 Seila marmorata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae.
 Teracotona clara is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1892. It is found in Burundi Ethiopia Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.
 The Flores warty pig (Sus heureni) is a species of wild pig found in southern Asia.
 Orthogonius rhodesiensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Lorenz in 1998.
 The White-bellied Slender Opossum Marmosops noctivagus is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador and Peru.Recent research suggests that M. dorothea is a synonym of M. noctivagus.
 Processidae is a family of shrimp comprising 65 species in 5 genera and the only family in the superfamily Processoidea. They are small nocturnal animals mostly living in shallow seas particularly on grass flats. The first pereiopods are usually asymmetrical with a claw on one but not the other (Ambidexter forming the exception to this rule). The rostrum is generally a simple projection from the front of the carapace with two teeth one at the tip and one further back.
 Mordella atroapicalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1927.
 Pandoflabella strigidiscalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Pandoflabella. It is found in Central America.
 Bicyclus danckelmani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub-montane and montane forests at altitudes between 800 and 1800 meters.Both sexes are attracted to fermented bananas.
 The Northern Variable Dart Northern Conifer Dart or White Pine Cutworm when referring to the larval stage (Xestia badicollis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to North Carolina west to Missouri and Ontario. It is part of the elimata species group. Three of the species in this group (Xestia praevia Xestia elimata and Xestia badicollis) have no significant difference in both genitals and DNA suggesting they may be in fact one species.This wingspan is 32–45 mm.
 The Rose Leaf Miner (Stigmella anomalella) is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe east to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The species have bronze coloured wings which produce wingspan of 5–6 millimetres (0.20–0.24 in). The wings are also red on top and green on the bottom. Adults are on wing from May to August. There are two generations per year.
 The Knysna dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion damaranum) is a species of dwarf chameleon in the Bradypodion (slow footed) genus that is endemic to South Africa. It is a forest dweller found only in a limited range in the afromontane forests near Knysna South Africa and in certain other areas. As with most chameleons its tongue is twice the length of its body and it can be shot out of its mouth using a special muscle in the jaw.
 Pleisiolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Microstelma vestale is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Danuria gracilis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Danuria.
 The lettered olive Oliva sayana is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae the olive shells olive snails or olives.
 Mesophleps meliphanes is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia (South Australia).
 Gasconsoceras is a genus of nautiloid cephalopod belonging to the tarphyceroid family Barrandeoceratidae known from the Middle Silurian. Shells of Gasconsoceras are rapidly enlarging gyrocones and serpenticones covered by fine transverse and longitudinal striae and prominent dorsal and lateral transverse ribs. A fair degree of mobility is indicated by the deep hyponomic sinus. Other than being between center and venter the siphuncle is poorly known.
 Parosmodes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Ditylenchus dipsaci is a plant pathogenic nematode that primarily infects onion and garlic. It is commonly known as the stem nematode the stem and bulb eelworm or onion bloat (in the United Kingdom). Symptoms of infection include stunted growth discoloration of bulbs and swollen stems. D. dipsaci is a migratory endoparasite that has a five-stage life cycle and the ability to enter into a dormancy stage. D.
 Lypusa tokari is a moth of the Lypusidae family. It is found in Austria Hungary northern Italy Slovakia Bulgaria Albania and in Slovakia. The habitat consists of warm grassy dry sandy habitats mainly in oak tree forests or heath.It is virtually identical in appearance to Lypusa maurella but more robust and slightly larger. It is however easily distinguished by the genitalia in both sexes.
 Eresinopsides bamptoni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of lowland forests.Adults have been recorded on wing in February and March.
 Etheostoma mariae the pinewoods darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where it is only known to occur in the Little Peedee River system in the Carolinas. It inhabits creeks preferring gravel riffles and vegetated areas with strong currents. This species can reach a length of 7.6 centimetres (3.0 in) TL though most only reach about 5.2 centimetres (2.0 in).
 The Golden White-eye (Cleptornis marchei) is a species of bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. It is the only species within the genus Cleptornis. The Golden White-eye was once considered to be a honeyeater in the family Meliphagidae and although it is now known to be a white-eye its position within that family is still uncertain.
 Apogonichthyoides is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Heterogobius chiloensis is a species of goby found along the Pacific coast of Chile. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Xeniidae are a family of soft coral in the order Alcyonacea. Predatory sea slugs of the genus Phyllodesmium are reported to feed on Xeniidae species.
 Corythucha is a large genus of lace bug Tingidae that is primarily distributed in the New World especially North America. The genus includes pest species such as the “cotton or bean lace bug (C. gossypii) as well as species that provide maternal care such as C. hewitti (Drake)
 Coiffaitarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The false tomato frog Dyscophus guineti is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.It is kept as a pet.
 Bufoceratias wedli is a deepsea angler fish found in the mesopelagic to bathypelagic regions of the ocean ranging from a depth of 300 to 1750 m. It is a double angler with two lures on its back the anterior lure being the smaller.
 The Dingy Shell (Euchoeca nebulata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone from Europe across Russia to Japan.The wingspan is 23–25 mm. The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Birch and Alder.
 Batrachoides is a genus of toadfishes.
 Odostomia boermani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Bothrops cotiara is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family. It is endemic to Brazil and Argentina.
 Palyna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eteobalea serratella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Benelux Great Britain Ireland Iceland Fennoscandia and the Baltic States. It was approved for release in the United States in 1995 for the biological control of toadflax. A few field releases have been made in western Canada and the western United States but no established populations have been confirmed.The wingspan is 16–18 mm. Adults are dark brown with white and copper spots.
 Gemmula speciosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Glosselytrodea is an extinct order of insects.
 Cambefortius is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Gasterophilinae are a subfamily of Oestridae which includes large parasitic flies; this group has historically been treated as a family but all recent classifications place them firmly within the Oestridae. Many members of this subfamily spend part of their larval stages in the digestive tracts of herbivores. The best known genus is Gasterophilus which attacks horses deer and similar animals. The genus Cobboldia breeds in elephants. The genus Gyrostigma breeds in rhinoceroses.
 Nectriaster monacanthus is a species of sea star in the family Orestieridae. It is the sole species in the genus Nectriaster.
 The Corytophanidae are a family of lizards also called casquehead lizards or helmeted lizards endemic to the New World. Nine species of casquehead lizards from three genera are recognized.
 Ethmia zaguljaevi is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East (Altai).
 Euzopherodes capicola is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzopherodes. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Horabagrus brachysoma is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India. It is known as Günther's catfish or yellow catfish. It is also known as manjakoori in its native range. It is also known by a host of other names such as bullseye catfish golden red tail catfish solar catfish and sun catfish.
 The Blue Monarch African Blue Tiger or Dappled Monarch (Tirumala petiverana) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in tropical Africa. The habitat consists of Afromontane lowland and riverine forests.The wingspan is 60–75 mm. There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from February to May (with peaks in April) in Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Pergularia extensa Pergularia daemia Daemia Hoya and Marsdenia rubicunda.
 The marbled mountain catfish (Amphilius jacksonii) is a species of fish in the Amphiliidae family. It is found in Burundi Kenya Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Discodoris stellifera is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Meragisa is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. The genus contains about 45 species distributed from Mexico south to Bolivia and Brazil.
 Loryma actenioides is a species of snout moths in the genus Loryma. It was described by Rebel in 1914 and is known from Algeria the Sahara desert and Egypt.
 Rhagoletis caucasica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Evania appendigaster is a species of wasp in the family Evaniidae the ensign wasps. Its native range is not known but it likely originated in Asia. Today it occurs throughout the tropics and subtropics and in many temperate regions. It is a parasitoid wasp known for specializing on cockroaches.
 Amphiongia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Prosipho wayae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Red-winged Blackbird (Agelaius phoeniceus) is a passerine bird of the family Icteridae found in most of North and much of Central America. It breeds from Alaska and Newfoundland south to Florida the Gulf of Mexico Mexico and Guatemala with isolated populations in western El Salvador northwestern Honduras and northwestern Costa Rica.
 Coelopacidia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Eburia bonairensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Suriname.
 Serrata pupoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Eurydera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Eurydera acutispina (Fairmaire 1868) Eurydera alluaudi Jeannel 1949 Eurydera ambreana Mateu 1973 Eurydera armata Laporte De Castelnau 1831 Eurydera bimaculata Jeannel 1949 Eurydera catalai Jeannel 1949 Eurydera crispatifrons (Fairmaire 1896) Eurydera cuspidata (Klug 1835) Eurydera ebenina Mateu 1973 Eurydera femorata (Klug 1833) Eurydera fossulata Mateu 1973 Eurydera foveicollis Jeannel 1949 Eurydera heimi Jeannel 1949 Eurydera inermis Laporte De Castelnau 1835 Eurydera jeanneli Mateu 1973 Eurydera latipennis (Klug 1835) Eurydera longispina Jeannel 1949 Eurydera lugubrina Fairmaire 1899 Eurydera madecassa Mateu 1973 Eurydera mormolycoides (Chevrolat 1851) Eurydera ocularis (Fairmaire 1868) Eurydera olsoufieffi Jeannel 1949 Eurydera ornatipennis (Fairmaire 1897) Eurydera peyrierasi Mateu 1973 Eurydera rufotincta (Fairmaire 1868) Eurydera rugiceps Jeannel 1949 Eurydera sicardi Jeannel 1949 Eurydera sublaevis Laporte De Castelnau 1835 Eurydera sulcicollis Mateu 1973 Eurydera suturalis Jeannel 1949 Eurydera unicolor (Klug 1833)↑
 Myospila is a genus from the fly family Muscidae.
 Astele is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors use Astele Swainson 1855 as a subgenus in Calliostoma Swainson 1840 and in Astele Swainson 1855
 The Campbell whiptail kaiyomaru whiptail or kaiyomaru rattail Coelorinchus kaiyomaru is a species of rattail found around the globe in the southern oceans at depths of between 600 and 1150 m. Its length is between 20 to 40 cm.
 Alloperla roberti (also known as Robert's Stonefly) was a species of insect in family Chloroperlidae. It was endemic to the United States.
 Agyrta klagesi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Venezuela.The forewings are velvety black with a white spot at the apex. The hindwings are black although the central area from the base almost to the tornus is hyaline.
 The long-toed tree frog (Leptopelis xenodactylus) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in South Africa and possibly Lesotho.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.This species generally uses semipermanent water and its eggs are presumably laid in a nest on the ground near water. As the name implies these frogs are often seen in trees or other high-growing vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phyllonorycter menaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Pakistan.
 The Half-Blind Sphinx or Coffee Sphinx (Perigonia lusca) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It found from the northern tip of South America through most of Central America and up to Florida in the United States.The wingspan is 55–65 mm. There are several generations per year in southern Florida. On the Galapagos Islands adults are on wing in April and July.
 Sepia vercoi is a species of cuttlefish native to the southeastern Indian Ocean specifically the waters off Western Australia (18°31′S 118°09′E to 25°31′S 112°29′E). It lives at depths of 76 to 201 m.Both sexes of S. vercoi grow to 46 mm in mantle length.The type specimen was collected west of Shark Bay Western Australia (25°31′S 112°29′E). It is deposited at the Western Australian Museum in Perth.
 Elachista triseriatella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Great Britain Denmark and Latvia to Spain and Italy.The wingspan is about 7 millimetres (0.28 in). The forewings are white with three rows of black scales on the disc. The hindwings are grey. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Festuca longifolia and Festuca ovina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They are light yellow with a light brown head.
 Haritalodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cochylis obtrusa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Scabrotrophon densicostatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Trinorfolkia clarkei known commonly as the Clarke's triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Trinorfolkia. It was described by Morton in 1888.
 Kedestes marshalli Marshall’s Ranger is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe.Adults are on wing all year except the winter months.
 Eupithecia fosteri is a moth in the Geometridae family.
 Anisocnemus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Anisocnemus amblygonus Shpeley & Ball 1978 Anisocnemus validu Chaudoir 1843↑
 Typhaea stercorea is a cosmopolitan species of beetle of the family Mycetophagidae known by the common name hairy fungus beetle.
 Hyperolius atrigularis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Slow lorises are a group of several species of strepsirrhine primates which make up the genus Nycticebus. Found in South and Southeast Asia they range from Bangladesh and Northeast India in the west to the Philippines in the east and from the Yunnan province in China in the north to the island of Java in the south. Although many previous classifications recognized as few as a single all-inclusive species there are now at least eight that are considered valid: the Sunda slow loris (N.
 Ectinothorax is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Ectinothorax assimilis Fairmaire 1903 Ectinothorax feronoides Alluaud 1941 Ectinothorax longicollis Jeannel 1948 Ectinothorax mathiauxi Jeannel 1948 Ectinothorax sulcator Fairmaire 1903↑
 Vaveliksia is a genus of sponges or sponge-like organisms from the Ediacaran.
 Spodoptera cilium known variously as Dark Mottled Willow Lawn Caterpillar and Grasslawn Armyworm is a noctuid moth found throughout much of Sub-Saharan Africa and western southern and south-east Asia and several countries in southern and eastern Europe. It is a migrant to northern Europe and has been recorded at least nine times in the UK.The larva feeds on Oryza. It is sometimes a pest.
 The Desertas Petrel (Pterodroma deserta) is a small seabird in the gadfly petrel genus which breeds on Bugio Island in the Desertas off Madeira. The gadfly petrels in the genus Pterodroma are seabirds of temperate and tropical oceans. Many are little-known and their often similar appearance have caused the taxonomy of the group to be rather fluid.
 Lepidopleurus otagoensis is a species of chiton in the family Leptochitonidae.
 Epimyrma corsica is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to France.
 Lewesiceras is a genus of large ammonites belonging to the order Ammonitida family Pachydiscidae.They lived in the late Cretaceous period in the Cenomanian and Turonian ages which occurred 99.6-89.3 million years ago. These shelled ammonoids were nektonic fast-moving and carnivores.
 Comitas oregonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Magnoptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Magnoptera watsoni which is found in Chile.
 Crocigrapha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tryssohobius colini commonly named Colin's fairygoby or tiny dartfish is a species of fish in the genus Tryssogobius. It can be found in the tropical western Pacific Ocean. The species may grow to an average length of 3.5 cm. The tiny dartfish is generally a pale blue-gray color with various light blue or violet spots on its fins and head.
 Kisber (1873–1895) was a Hungarian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1875 to 1876 he ran seven times and won three races. In the summer of 1876 he became the third of six horses to win both the Epsom Derby and the Grand Prix de Paris. He was the second foreign-bred horse after Gladiateur in 1865 to win the Derby: he remains the only Hungarian-bred horse to do so. At the end of the season he was retired to stud.
 Centrolene petrophilum is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Glyptodon (Greek for grooved or carved tooth) was a large armored mammal of the family Glyptodontidae a relative of armadillos that lived during the Pleistocene epoch. It was roughly the same size and weight as a Volkswagen Beetle though flatter in shape. With its rounded bony shell and squat limbs it superficially resembled turtles and the much earlier dinosaurian ankylosaur as an example of the convergent evolution of unrelated lineages into similar forms.
 Lophocampa montana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is known from volcan Poás in Costa Rica.
 Leucoblepsis excisa is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo. Records for Taiwan refer to the species Leucoblepsis taiwanensis.The wingspan is 22-31 mm. Adults have been recorded in January March May and December.The larvae feed on the leaves of Elaeocarpus sylvestris. Mature larvae curl a leaf tip and fix itwith silk to pupates inside.
 Mordellistena hypopygialis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968 by Ermisch.
 The Black-bordered Lemon Moth (Marimatha nigrofimbria) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Massachusetts westward through northern Ohio to Illinois and Oklahoma and southward to southern Florida and southernmost Texas.The wingspan is 18-22 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September in the northern part of the range and from March to November in the South.The larvae feed on Digitaria ischaemum and Ipomoea sagittata.
 Eteinopla is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Tachina venosa is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Europe.
 Pseudischnocampa diluta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1986. It is found in Peru.
 Alanites is an extinct Triassic ammonoid cephalopod genus named by Shevyrev 1968 found in association with Laboceras and Megaphyllites in Siberia and assigned to the ceratitid family Khvlaynitidae which is part of the Dinaritaceae. Its type is Alanites visendus .
 Clavatula quinteni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The pale gerbil Gerbillus perpallidus is distributed mainly in northwestern Egypt. It is also known as the pallid gerbil. The pale gerbil has pale orange fur with white underparts white forelimbs and white feet. The ears are unpigmented and the soles of the feet are haired which is characteristic of sand-dwelling gerbils.It averages 22 to 27 cm in length and weights 26-49 g.
 The Lavender Count (Tanaecia cocytus) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South and Southeast Asia.
 Agonopterix dumitrescui is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Romania.
 Perrin's cave beetle is an extinct freshwater beetle from France. It and Siettitia ayenionensis are the only two species in the genus Siettitia.This subterranean species was discoloured its sensory silks were well developed and the eyes were extremely reduced and probably functional. The tracheae of its wing-cases (elytra) were well developed and it absorbed dissolved oxygen through its cuticle.
 Archon apollinaris is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is found in Armenia Bulgaria Greece Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Lebanon Romania Syria and Turkey.
 Nebria kratteri pindica is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Albania Greece Italy and Republic of Macedonia.
 Lophocampa laroipa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Costa Rica Guatemala Ecuador and Brazil.
 Trifurcula luteola is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from the Mediterranean region in south-western France.The wingspan is 5.6-6.7 mm for males. Adults were found in July and August.
 Stigmella plumosetaeella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Arizona and Tamaulipas in Mexico.The wingspan is 3.8–3.9 millimetres (0.15–0.15 in).
 Endoclita nodus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is found in China (Anhui).
 Aenictegues is the only genus of mites in the family Aenicteguidae in the order Mesostigmata.
 Loxomerus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Loxomerus brevis (Blanchard 1843) Loxomerus huttoni Broun 1902 Loxomerus katote Johns 2010 Loxomerus nebrioides (Guerin-Meneville 1841)↑
 Babelomurex benoiti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Xyletobius sulcatus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 The Antarctic Tern (Sterna vittata) is a typical tern. It ranges throughout the southern oceans. It is very similar in appearance to the closely related Arctic Tern but is stockier and the wing tips are grey instead of blackish in flight. It is of course in breeding plumage in the southern summer when Arctic has moulted to its non-breeding plumage (though this is not useful for separating it from another species the South American Tern).
 The Yellow-crowned Night Heron (Nyctanassa violacea formerly placed in the genus Nycticorax) also called the American Night Heron or squawk is a fairly small heron. It is found throughout a large part of the Americas especially (but not exclusively) in warmer coastal regions; an example occurrence is the Petenes mangroves of the Yucatan.A related heron the Bermuda Night Heron was endemic to Bermuda but became extinct following human colonisation.
 Maylandia melabranchion is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the Mitande Rocks (near Thumbi West Island) Domwe Island Mumbo Island the Zimbabwe Rocks and Namalenje Island. This species can reach a length of 10.5 centimetres (4.1 in) SL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Choanephora is a genus of Zygomycota fungi. Choanephora species are known as plant pathogens.
 Littorina aleutica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Imantodes is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly referred to as vine snakes or tree snakes. The genus consists of seven species that are native to Mexico Central America and the northern part of South America.
 Not to be confused with Scyliorhinus meadi also known as the blotched catsharkThe blotched catshark Asymbolus funebris is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae the only specimen the holotype being found off West Australia at 144 m. Its length is 44 cm and its reproduction is oviparous.
 Eois acerba is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Achroia innotata is a species of snout moth known from Sarawak Malaysia Ceylon Sri Lanka and South Africa. It was described by Walker in 1864 and contains the subspecies Achroia innotata innotata Achroia innotata lankella and Achroia innotata sakaiella.The larvae infest beehives including those of Apis cerana.
 Gyromantis is genus of praying mantises represented by two species of Bark Mantis:Gyromantis kraussii (Spiny Bark Mantis)Gyromantis occidentalis (Eastern Bark Mantis)↑
 The Texas map turtle (Graptemys versa) is a species of emydid turtle endemic to the southern United States.
 Eupithecia angulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 The Megachilidae are a cosmopolitan family of (mostly) solitary bees whose pollen-carrying structure (called a scopa) is restricted to the ventral surface of the abdomen (rather than mostly or exclusively on the hind legs as in other bee families).Megachilid genera are most commonly known as mason bees and leafcutter bees reflecting the materials from which they build their nest cells (soil or leaves respectively); a few collect plant or animal hairs and fibers and are called carder bees.
 Isodaphne garrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Austromorium hetericki has been discovered and described by Shattuck S. O. in 2009.
 Saphenista illimis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sinaloa).
 Nebria lafresnayei lafresnayei is a subspecies of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in Andorra France and Spain.
 The Black-striped Hairtail Leaden Hairtail or Leaden Ciliate Blue (Anthene amarah) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in tropical Africa and Arabia (up to Aqaba). The habitat consists of savanna and occasionally open areas in the forest zone.The wingspan is 21–26 mm for males and 23–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak in summer.The larvae feed on Acacia species including and Acacia karroo Acacia sieberana and Acacia gerrardii.
 Hypatopa inunctella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Iceland Ireland Great Britain Norway Portugal and most of the Balkan Peninsula).The wingspan is 14–15 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on plant material.
 Batrachosuchus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Triassic of South Africa. It measured over 71 cm long and is known from a 21 cm skull.
 Aphelinus is a genus of parasitoid wasps. Several of the species are important because they parasitize agricultural pests such as the soybean aphid (aphelinus certus) or the Russian wheat aphid -Diuraphis noxia - (A. albipodus Hayat & Fatima A. asychis Walker and A. varipes (Foerster).About 50 species have been described.
 Tasmanipatus is a genus of invertebrate in the Peripatopsidae family. It contains the following species: Tasmanipatus anophthalmus Ruhberg Mesibov Briscoe and Tait 1991 Tasmanipatus barretti Ruhberg Mesibov Briscoe and Tait 1991
 Tribelos is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Eumorsea is a genus of insect in family Eumastacidae. It contains the following species: Eumorsea pinaleno
 Opsirhina lechriodes is a species of moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 Turbonilla infrabita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Indian peacock softshell turtle (Nilssonia hurum) is a species of turtle found in Nepal India Bangladesh and Pakistan. Listed on the IUCN Red List as a Vulnerable species.
 Batrachedra macroloncha is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Paruparo cebuensis chotaroi [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is a subspecies of Paruparo cebuensis. This subspecies is found on Mindanao Island in the Philippines. Forewing length is 15-18mm. The nomynotypical subspecies cebuensis is distributed on Cebu Island. The other subspecies treadawayi is distributed on Negros Island ametystina is on Homonhon Island soloni is on Bohol Island and medicieloi is on Leyte Island. Charana mandarina chotaroi H.
 Cancilla (Domiporta) filaris common name : the file mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Elates ransonnettii the Dwarf flathead is a species of flathead native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is found over sandy bottoms at depths of from 5 to 53 metres (16 to 174 ft). This species grows to a length of 19 centimetres (7.5 in) TL. This fish is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Bitecta xanthura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1920. It is found in western Sumatra.
 Dictyna palmgreni is spider species found in Finland and Russia.
 Calidota divina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 Rissoina is a large genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoinidae.
 Leopoldamys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Sundaic mountain long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys ciliatus) Edwards's long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys edwardsi) Millet's long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys milleti) Neill's long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys neilli) Long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys sabanus) Mentawai long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys siporanus)
 Hara filamentosa is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to Myanmar where it can be found in the Irrawaddy Sittang Salween and Rangoon River drainages. This species grows to a length of 5.0 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Hyperthaema sordida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1935. It is found in Brazil (Santa Cathrina).
 Gorgopis serangota is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Argentala subalba is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Venezuela.It is the smallest member of the Argentala genus with a forewing length of 12-14 mm.
 Grammodes cooma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Queensland Australia and in Indonesia (Ambon Island).The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Stigmella rhamnella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Denmark to the Iberian Peninsula and Italy and from France to Romania and Ukraine. It has also been recorded from Estonia. It is not on the southern part of Balkan Peninsula.There are two to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Rhamnus alpinus Rhamnus catharticus Rhamnus pumilus and Rhamnus saxatilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Depressaria nervosa redirects here. In older (19th-century) sources this name is often misapplied to Depressaria daucella.The Gorse Tip Moth (Agonopterix nervosa) is a smallish moth species of the family Oecophoridae (concealer moths).
 Cymatiella eburnea is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Fulmar Prion (Pachyptila crassirostris) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family found in the southern oceans
 Speocirolana thermydronis is a species of crustacean in the family Cirolanidae. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Cameraria temblorensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The length of the forewings is 3-4 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus douglasii Quercus dumosa Quercus dumosa × engelmanii Quercus engelmannii Quercus turbinella and Quercus × alvordiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is ovoid. The epidermis is opaque yellow green. Mines normally cross the midrib and consume 30%-95% of the leaf surface.
 Haplochromis labiatus is a species of cichlid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it is found in Lake Edward and Lake George. This species can reach a length of 10.9 centimetres (4.3 in) SL.
 Phryganopteryx pauliani is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1971. It is found in Madagascar.
 Burnupena is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Checkered Woodpecker (Veniliornis mixtus) is a woodpecker (Family Picidae) found in eastern South America.
 The Emperor Swallowtail (Papilio ophidicephalus) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Subsaharan Africa.The wingspan is 90–110 mm in males and 100–120 mm in females. Has two broods between August to December and January to April.The larvae feed on Clausena inqequalis Calodendrum capense Citrus spp. Clausena anisata Zanthoxylum capense and other Zanthoxylum spp.
 Acrantophis is a genus of terrestrial boid snakes endemic to the island of Madagascar.
 Psorya is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Colpixys is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Haplocolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Haplocolpodes alluaudianus (Basilewsky 1946) Haplocolpodes basilewskyanus (Jeannel 1948) Haplocolpodes brachyderus (Jeannel 1951) Haplocolpodes descarpentriesi (Alluaud 1932) Haplocolpodes lithopius (Basilewsky 1970) Haplocolpodes perrieri (Alluaud 1899) Haplocolpodes renaudianus (Jeannel 1951) Haplocolpodes vietteanus (Basilewsky 1970) Haplocolpodes viridiaureus Basilewsky 1985↑
 Pseudotomoxia trimaculata is a species of beetle in the Pseudotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1936 by Eugene Ray.
 Natalma (1957–1985) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the dam (mother) of the most important sire and sire of sires of the 20th Century Northern Dancer.
 Coleophora infuscatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Pennsylvania.The larvae feed on the leaves of Phlox species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 The squashed face rattail Nezumia namatahi is a rattail of the genus Nezumia found around New South Wales Australia and New Zealand at depths of between 1250 and 1300 m. Its length is about 35 cm.In the month-long NORFANZ Expedition of 2003 which was examining the biodiversity of the seamounts and slopes of the Norfolk Ridge 17 specimens averaging 110 g (0.25 lb) were collected from 10 locations.
 Suboestophora hispanica is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Trissexodontidae within the Helicoidea.Suboestophora hispanica is the type species of the genus Suboestophora.
 Bursa davidboschi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 The Black-throated Magpie-Jay (Calocitta colliei) is a strikingly long-tailed jay of northwestern Mexico.
 The Pygmy rockfish (Sebastes wilsoni) is a rockfish of the genus Sebastes. It is one of the smallest fish of its genus. It is reported to grow to a maximum of 23 cm (9 in) and can live up to 26 years. The rockfish lives between 30 m (98 ft) and 274 m (899 ft) of depth and its range is in the East Pacific for the Gulf of Alaska to Baja California Mexico. It is colored red which is distinctly lighter in color at the bottom with 4 visile splothes on its dorsal spines.
 Amnicola dalli common name the peninsula amnicola is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae.The specific epithet is in honor of W. H. Dall.
 Webb's tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus webbi) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It is found only in Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Satrapodoxa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Lepidotarphius perornatella is a species of sedge moths and the only species in the genus Lepidotarphius. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in China and the Russian Far East.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Acorus calamus var. asiaticus.
 The Strongylocentrotidae are a family of sea urchins in the order Echinoida.
 Amblydoras monitor is a species of thorny catfish that occurs in the upper Amazon Basin where it can be found in the countries of Brazil Colombia and Peru. This species grows to a length of 9.0 centimetres (3.5 in) SL.
 Cyanopepla julia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo) and Peru.
 The Lyme Grass (Longalatedes elymi) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found along the coasts of southern Sweden southern Finland Denmark Estonia northern Poland northern Germany and eastern Great Britain.The wingspan is about 36 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Elymus arenarius. They feed inside the stem of their host plant usually below the surface of the sand.
 Ormetica postradiata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Colombia.
 Sepia ivanovi is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean probably throughout southeast Africa including Kenya Mozambique to the mouth of the Zambezi River. It lives at depths to 50 m.S. ivanovi grows to a mantle length of 70 mm.The type specimen was collected near Mombasa Kenya (04°03′S 40°00′E). It is deposited at the Zoological Museum in Moscow.
 The Common Pug (Eupithecia vulgata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is a common species across the Palearctic region the Near East and North Africa. It ranges from the Atlantic coast of Ireland and Portugal across Europe the Middle East and Central Asia to the Russian Far East (Priamurje) and Korea.This is a quite variable species across its range but the typical form has orange-brown forewings marked with pale fascia with pale grey hindwings with darker margins.
 Rohteichthys microlepis is a species of cyprinid fish found in the countries of Malaysia and Indonesia. It is the only member of its genus.
 Poliosia rectilinea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joannis in 1928. It is found in Vietnam.
 Sayella is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Mongolian wild ass (Equus hemionus hemionus also called the khulan Mongolian: Хулан) is a subspecies of the onager. It is found in Mongolia and northern China and was previously found in Kazakhstan before being extirpated there through hunting. It may be synonymous with the possible proposed separate subspecies the Gobi khulan (Equus hemionus luteus also called the chigetai or dziggetai).The Mongolian wild ass's distribution range was dramatically reduced during the 1990s.
 Enicoptera is a genus of Tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The whistling ducks or tree ducks are a subfamily Dendrocygninae of the duck goose and swan family of birds Anatidae. They are not true ducks. In other taxonomic schemes they are either considered a separate family Dendrocygnidae or a tribe Dendrocygnini in the goose subfamily Anserinae. The subfamily has one genus Dendrocygna which contains eight living species and one undescribed extinct species from Aitutaki of the Cook Islands.
 Berlo (foaled 1957 in Virginia) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Bred by William duPont Jr. at his Walnut Hall Farm near Boyce Virginia she was out of the mare Faberose a daughter of duPont's Santa Anita Handicap winner Rosemont.
 The Guinea snout-burrower or Guinea shovelnose frog (Hemisus guineensis) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family found in Angola Benin Cameroon Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Mozambique Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Botswana possibly Burundi possibly Central African Republic possibly Gambia possibly Malawi possibly Namibia possibly Niger possibly Rwanda possibly Sudan and possibly Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes heavily degraded former forests ponds and canals and ditches.
 Euglandina livida is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Trichosea mjobergi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Borneo.
 The Orange-breasted Thornbird (Phacellodomus ferrugineigula) also known as the Red-eyed Thornbird is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in forest and woodland especially near water in south-eastern Brazil and Uruguay.It was formerly considered a subspecies of P. erythropthalmus but under the common name Red-eyed Thornbird. When split P. erythropthalmus is known as the Orange-eyed Thornbird.
 Technemon is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Meghimatium burchi is a species of small air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Philomycidae and the superfamily Arionacea the roundback slugs.The specific name burchi is in honor of the American malacologist John B. Burch. In Italy Germany and Ghana it is a profound offence to call someone a burchi
 Eleutherodactylus obmutescens is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Calliostoma richeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Fautor).
 Likoma crenata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the coast of Somalia Kenya and Tanzania.It is very similar to Likoma apicalis but it is greyer in colour the apex is less acute and the margin is more regularly crenulated. The transverse bands are much more wavy the dark areas reduced and contrasting less with the ground colour.
 Leucoptera calycotomella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found in Corsica Sardinia and mainland Italy.The larvae feed on Calicotome villosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a very narrow corridor abruptly widening into a flat blotch. Both corridor and blotch are almost completely filled with fine granular frass and only the margins remain free. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Mazdacis flavomarginata is a species of snout moths in the genus Mazdacis. It was described by Druce in 1902 and is known from Guyana and French Guiana.
 The purple mbuna (Melanochromis vermivorus) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can reach a length of 7.4 centimetres (2.9 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Orthomecyna mesochasma is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.Larvae have been found among the roots of sugarcane. The caterpillars are whitish. It is the only record of the discovery of a larva in the Orthomecyna genus. It is thought the caterpillars are subterranean in habit or bore in the basal parts of grass plants and are thus hard to find.
 Calosima elyella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in the North America including Connecticut Maryland New Jersey Florida Illinois and Maine.
 Myrmica laevinodis is a species of ant that closely resembles M. kotokui and is at times difficult to distinguish due to variation in morphology and color in M. kotokui. However the unraised rugae on the posterodorsal portion of the mesonotum are usually characteristic though some M. kotokui workers have this character. It is best in the field to examine the body coloration of a number of workers from each colony. Also M.
 Merocoremia monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Merocoremia.
 The insular vole or St. Matthew Island vole (Microtus abbreviatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It occurs only on St. Matthew Island and the adjacent Hall Island in Alaska. On these Bering Sea islands insular voles live in damp lowland areas on the lower slopes of mountains and on rye grass-covered beaches. They are diurnal and eat plant matter. Birds and arctic foxes which are the only other mammals on the island prey on the voles.
 The Desert Wall Gecko (Tarentola deserti) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.It is found in Algeria Morocco Tunisia and possibly Libya. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation freshwater spring rocky areas hot deserts rural gardens and urban areas.
 Pseudorhombus is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Crapatalus is a genus of southern sandfishes native to the coastal waters of Australia and New Zealand.
 Japygianus is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Chromocheilosia is a genus of South American hoverflies.
 Pyradena is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Deborrea cambouei is a species of bagworm native to Madagascar.
 Brachytarsophrys chuannanensis (sometimes known as Chuanan short-legged toad) is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family. It is endemic to Chuannan in Sichuan China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bastilla arcuata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Oriental region to Sundaland Seram and New Guinea.The larvae feed on Glochidion and Phyllanthus species.
 Neodrillia cydia common name the Cydia drillia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Mordellistena coleae is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by George Charles Champion.
 The olive baboon (Papio anubis) also called the Anubis baboon is a member of the family Cercopithecidae (Old World monkeys). The species is the most widely ranging of all baboons: It is found in 25 countries throughout Africa extending from Mali eastward to Ethiopia and Tanzania. Isolated populations are also found in some mountainous regions of the Sahara. It inhabits savannahs steppes and forests.
 The Common Merganser (North American) or Goosander (Eurasian) (Mergus merganser) is a large duck of rivers and lakes of forested areas of Europe northern and central Asia and North America. It eats fish and nests in holes in trees. John James Audubon called this bird the Buff-breasted Merganser in his book The Birds of America.
 Montserratina is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Stictane muara is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of mangrove forests along the coast and primary forests. The length of the forewings is about 5 mm for both males and females.
 Anasis howitti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Anasis.
 Betta burdigala is a species of gourami endemic to Bangka Island in Indonesia. It is an inhabitant of peat swamps. This species grows to a length of 2.5 cm (0.98 in).
 The Bagobo Babbler (Leonardina woodi) is a monotypic species of bird once placed in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae but now thought to be in the (Pellorneidae). It was also previously placed in the Muscicapidae.It is endemic to the Philippines.
 The Ballan wrasse Labrus bergylta is a species of wrasse native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean from Norway to Morocco including the islands of Madeira the Azores and the Canary Islands. They can be found at depths from 1 to 50 m (3.3 to 164.0 ft) amongst rocks seaweed and reefs. It can grow to 65.9 cm (25.9 in) in total length (though most do not exceed 50 cm (20 in) standard length) and the greatest recorded weight of this species is 4.4 kg (9.7 lb).
 Thuringionautilus is a large moderately involute nautiloid from the nautilid family Tainoceratidae. The whorl section is subquadrate flanks slightly convex venter broad with a median furrow. Ventral shoulders narrowly rounded to subangular; umbilical shoulders broadly rounded. Longitudinal nodes slope diagonally backwards on the venter toward the furrow. Suture slightly sinuous. Siphuncle subdorsal.
 Tutufa (Tutufella) boholica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Turbonilla grandis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Archicnephasia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Oriental Meadow Brown Hyponephele lupinus is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.It is found in North Africa South West Europe South Russia Asia MinorSouth Siberia the Middle Asia Iran and from Baluchistan to Nepal.
 Anachis terpsichore is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Tetragonoderus oxyomus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1876.
 Funiscala is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Epitoniidae commonly known as wentletraps.
 The White-necked Myna (Streptocitta albicollis) is a large long-tailed species of starling in the Sturnidae family. Due to its superficial resemblance to a magpie it has been referred to as the Celebes Magpie or Sulawesi Magpie in the past. It is endemic to forests on Sulawesi and adjacent smaller islands in Indonesia. There are two subspecies; the nominate from the southern part of Sulawesi has a yellow-tipped bill and torquata from the northern part of the island has an all-black bill.
 Gynoeryx bilineatus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 The Western Blue Sapphire (Heliophorus bakeri) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Hoplomorpha camelaea is a species of Oecophoridae that occurs in Australia.
 Udea bryochloris is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Maui.Adults are black and green.
 Yunnanilus sichuanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 Henricus ophryodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Dindica alaopis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes ranging from 900 to 2600 meters.
 Vesey-Fitzgerald's Burrowing Skink (Janetaescincus veseyfitzgeraldi) is a species of lizard in the skink family Scincidae. It is found only in the Seychelles. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.The species epithethon commedorates the Irish ecologist Leslie Desmond Foster Vesey-Fitzgerald.
 Parabyrsopolis chihuahuae is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.
 Parachlaena is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Acerra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Semaeopus castaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Hispaniola and Jamaica.
 Aglossodes dureti is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossodes. It was described by Rougeot in 1977. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Derostenoides is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Metisella quadrisignatus the Four-spot Sylph is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sudan Kenya Tanzania and Malawi.
 The Gray Furcula Moth (Furcula cinerea) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in the United States southern Canada and the Northwest Territories.The wingspan is 33–45 mm. The forewings are light grey with medium grey median and subterminal areas. The hindwings are light greyish white with a dark discal spot and a terminal line of black dots. Adults are on wing from April to September in the south and from May to August in the north. There are two generations per year in the south.
 Typhloseiopsis is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Plocaederus glabricollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Nisista serrata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania Victoria and South Australia.The wingspan is about 50 mm. Adults are brown with dark zigzag lines across the wings.The larvae are initially black with white spots.
 The Cipó Canastero (Asthenes luizae) is an endangered bird endemic to the Brazilian interior. It was discovered in 1985.
 Ena montana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
 Drillia rosacea common name the rose turrid is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Amaxia klagesi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Surinam.
 Callidium pseudotsugae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fisher in 1920.
 Macroprotodon abubakeri is a species of snake in the Colubridae family. It is one of four species of the Macroprotodon genus. It is found in Algeria Morocco and Spain. Its natural habitat is Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Puebla deer mouse (Peromyscus mekisturus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 The barwings are the genus Actinodura of passerine birds in the Leiothrichidae family. They are found in the hills of southern Asia from India east to China and Taiwan.
 Leptotyphlops dugandi or the Dugand's blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Paracladopelma is a genus of Palearctic and Nearctic non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Amata nigrobasalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Ghana and Uganda.
 Elapidae (Greek ἔλλοψ éllops sea-fish) is a family of venomous snakes found in tropical and subtropical regions around the world terrestrially in Asia Australia Africa North America and South America and aquatically in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.Elapid snakes exhibit a wide range of sizes from 18-cm species of Drysdalia to the 5.6-m king cobra. All elapids are characterized by hollow fixed fangs through which they inject venom. Currently 325 species in 61 genera are recognized.
 Ortalotrypeta ziae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ortalotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Scotorythra macrosoma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Kauai Molokai Maui and Hawaii.Larvae have been reared from leaves of Ricinus species.
 The Puerto Rican Long-Nosed Bat (Monophyllus frater) is an extinct species of bat of the genus Monophyllus. This species of bat was never observed by European explorers although the species was thought to have died out in the colonial era due to indigenous artifacts indicating survival up to that time. It is theorized that the Puerto Rican Long-Nosed Bat population was pushed towards extinction by hurricanes in the region which caused an immense loss of their habitat.
 Cavallieri is a thoroughbred racehorse only known for winning the 1991 New Zealand Derby when he defeated subsequent champion racehorse Veandercross. He also ran third in the 1992 AJC Australian Derby behind Naturalism and Veandercross.Cavallieri was a one-paced stayer and never tasted the same glory again retiring with just three wins to his name after poor showings in several major staying races.
 Least puffer Sphoeroides parvus is a species in the family Tetraodontidae or pufferfishes.
 Dahira bruno is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Myanmar and possibly south-western China.
 The southern bastard codling or bearded red cod Pseudophycis barbata is a morid cod of the genus Pseudophycis found around southern Australia including Tasmania and New Zealand from the surface to 300 m. Its length is up to 63 cm.
 Nyctixalus margaritifer is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ketapangia is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Cosmochilus is genus of cyprinid fish found in East and Southeast Asia. There are currently four species in this genus.
 Turbonilla finlayi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Triplophysa macromaculata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Thermochoria equivocata is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Benin Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone Uganda Zambia and possibly Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Collared Myna (Acridotheres albocinctus) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in China India and Myanmar.
 Pseudidonauton siamica is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in northern Thailand and central Vietnam on altitudes between 119 and 2300 meters.The wingspan is 14-15 mm. Adults have a pale brown ground colour. The forewings have a basal dark area defined by a whitish distal border. Adults have been recorded in early and mid October.
 The northern leaf chameleon (Brookesia ebenaui) is a chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It is also known as Ebenau's leaf chameleon.They can rapidly change among various earth hues.
 Pleuroploca is a genus of very large predatory sea snails with an operculum marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae which includes the spindle shells the tulip shells and other allied genera.
 Cyclophora rufiplaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Western Wattled Cuckooshrike or Ghana Cuckooshrike (Lobotos lobatus) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The name of the present species was misapplied to S. afflictana by Baron Walsingham in 1879.Syndemis musculana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 15–22 mm. The adults fly from April to July in the temperate parts of their range such as Belgium and The Netherlands.The caterpillars feed on oaks (Quercus) birches (Betula) spruces (Picea) ragworts (Senecio) and Rubus (brambles and allies).
 Triathalassothia is a genus of toadfishes found in the southwest Atlantic Ocean.
 Eulima recta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Encolpius is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). All three described species are found in South America.
 Myrmica ruginodis is a species of ant that lives in northern parts of Europe and Asia. It is very similar to M. rubra but has a more northerly and higher-altitude distribution. Overwintering larvae may become either workers or queen ants with up to 20 queens living in a colony of up to 2500 individuals. Two subspecies are recognised differing in the relative size of the queen.
 The brownbanded bamboo shark Chiloscyllium punctatum is a bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae found in the Indo-West Pacific from Japan to northern Australia between latitudes 34° N and 26° S to depths of 85 metres (279 ft). Its length is up to 1.04 metres (41 in).
 Merimnetria maculaticornis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Mimeugnosta arta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Parahelicoprion is an extinct genus of eugeneodontid shark-like holocephalid from the Permian of the Ural Mountains and South America.
 Catacanthus (having downard-pointing thorns) is a genus of insects within the Pentatomidae family. The insects belonging to this genus are found in Madagascar India Sri Lanka Burma Thailand China Indonesia Malaysia Philippines Papua New Guinea New Caledonia Japan and South Korea.Species include:
 Polyortha symphyla is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 The Perplexing Scrubwren (Sericornis virgatus) is a bird species. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Iberocypris palaciosi is a species of cyprinid fish. It is endemic to Spain and there known with the local name bogardilla.Iberocypris palaciosi is only known from two tributaries of the Guadalquivir river from a total stretch of less than 100 km. It is threatened by habitat loss and considered critically endangered. No records of the species have been made recently in fish surveys.
 Trichura pusilla is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Peru.
 Midway Lady (foaled 1983) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won two British Classic Races in 1986. In a racing career lasting from August 1985 until June 1986 the filly ran six times and won her last five races. She sustained her only defeat when finishing second on her racecourse debut but won her remaining three races in 1985 including the May Hill Stakes at Doncaster and the Prix Marcel Boussac at Longchamp.
 Elachista fulgens is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Italy.The larvae feed on Carex acutiformis Carex elata and Carex riparia. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ichthyococcus ovatus is a lightfish of the genus Ichthyococcus.
 Senticaudata is one of the four suborders of the crustacean order Amphipoda (aka scuds sideswimmers). It includes some 5000 species which is more than 50 % or the currently recognized amphipod diversity.Senticaudata was split off from the traditional suborder Gammaridea by Lowry & Myers in 2013 as a part of a process of reorganising the higher taxonomy of amphipods. It now also encompasses the previously recognized Caprellidea and Corophiidea.
 Nicolaus Silver was a racehorse noted for winning the 1961 Grand National.Nicolaus Silver grey was bred in Tipperary Ireland by James Heffernan. He was by Nicolaus out of another grey Rays of Montrose. After racing in Ireland the gelding was put up for auction at the Ballsbridge sales in November 1960 and was bought for £2600 by Charles Vaughan.
 Calyciphora nephelodactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Spain France Switzerland Italy Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Poland Hungary Serbia and Montenegro Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Russia and Anatolia.The larvae feed on Cirsium eriophorum.
 The ornate wrasse Thalassoma pavo is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Portugal to Gabon and the oceanic islands and into the Mediterranean Sea. This species inhabits areas of rocks and eelgrass in coastal waters at depths from 1 to 150 m (3.3 to 492.1 ft) though rarely below 50 m (160 ft). It can reach 25 cm (9.8 in) in length though most do not exceed 20 cm (7.9 in).
 Hottentotta tamulus the Indian red scorpion ( Tamil : செந்தேள் ) (also known as eastern Indian scorpion) is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae. It occurs in most of India eastern Pakistan and the eastern lowlands of Nepal. and recently from Sri Lanka.
 Ceranthia tristella is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Ceranthia of the family Tachinidae.
 Eois deleta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Tetratema (27 April 1917 – July 1939) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from May 1919 until October 1921 he won thirteen of his sixteen races include the all twelve of his starts over the sprint distances of five and six furlongs. He was unbeaten in five races in 1919 including the Molecomb Stakes Champagne Stakes and Middle Park Stakes and was the highest-rated two-year-old in Britain by a record margin.
 Digitivalva christophi is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in Ukraine and Russia.
 Rubukona is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 The big-eared opossum (Didelphis aurita) is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.This species which was considered a population of the common opossum (D. marsupialis) for some time was originally described as D. azarae by Coenraad Jacob Temminck in 1824 but this name was incorrectly given to the white-eared opossum (D. albiventris) for over 160 years. As such the name azarae has been abandoned.
 Elachista pharetra is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Pheidole parasitica is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to India.
 Coleophora capella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Pareuxoa meditata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Magallanes and Antartica Chilena Region of Chile and Neuquén in Argentina.The wingspan is 35-36 mm. Adults are on wing from November to January.
 Alcidion albosparsus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Melzer in 1934 and is known from Brazil Paraguay and Argentina.
 Macrauzata is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Eriopterodes is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Anthela reltoni is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Zephyroceras is a genus belonging to the Somoholitaceae superfamilia. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Mordella heros is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1823.
 Scopula confinaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern Europe southern Russia and Turkey.The larvae feed on Silene and Dianthus species.
 Platyptilia rubriacuta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Haut-Katanga).
 Amorbia effoetana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Puerto Rico and Cuba.
 Arkanites is a goniatitid ammonite that lived during the Early Pennsylvanian that has been found in Arkansas and Oklahoma in the U.S.
 Teracotona is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from the Afrotropics.
 Hyamia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Phidoloporidae is a family within the bryozoan order Cheilostomata. The colonies of many genera grow in an upright reticulate branching manner which gave rise to one colloquial name for this group as 'lace corals'. Zooids generally open on one side of the branches.
 Hadronyche modesta the Victorian funnel-web spider is found in Victoria.
 The yellow lance scientific name Elliptio lanceolata is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 The Microweiseinae are a subfamily of Coccinellidae the lady bird beetles.
 Stenamma andersoni is a Neotropical species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.The species is known only from a single Berlese sample of sifted leaf litter collected in cloud forest at 990 m elevation in southern Mexico. Male and gynes are unknown. The two worker specimens collected in 1987 are somewhat faded in color and were not usable for molecular phylogenetic work.
 Ascyltus is a genus of jumping spiders. The nine described species occur on islands in the Pacific Ocean including Queensland.
 Pseudischnocampa ecuadorensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Ecuador.
 Micralarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.
 Aulastomatomorpha phospherops the Luminous slickhead is a species of slickhead found in the Indian and West Pacific Oceans. This species occurs on the continental slopes at depths of from 1717 metres (5633 ft) to 2020 metres (6630 ft). This species grows to a length of 28.0 centimetres (11.0 in) SL. This species is the only described member of its genus.
 Cyana rubrifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found on Sulawesi.
 The species group of the green toads (Bufo viridis or Pseudepidalea viridis subgroup) is an anuran group toad found in mainland Europe Asia and Northern Africa. They live in many areas including steppes mountainous areas semi-deserts and urban areas. They comprise at least 12 major evolutionary lineages and there are variations in the colors and patterns of these toads across their range.
 Beyrichites is an extinct genus in the ammonoid cephalopod order Ceratitida from the Lower and Middle Triassic of southern Europe Asia and western North America. Beyrichites has an involute discoidal shell with a narrowly arched venter and signoidal ribbing that tends to disappear on the outer whorl. The suture is subammonitic meaning the saddles are serrate as well as the lobs.Two subgenera are recognized: B. (Beyrichites) from the Lower and Middle Triassic which has no tubercles and B.
 Scotch Gray redirects here. Foor the chicken breed see Scots Grey. For the cavalry unit see Royal Scots Greys.The Scotch Gray or Wall Grey (Eudonia murana) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 18–23 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August possibly in two generations.The larvae feed on various mosses growing on rocks and walls including Hypnum cupressiformis Dicranum scoparium Bryum capillare and Grimmia pulvinata.
 Telmatobius timens is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.
 Granulina globosa is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Barilius pakistanicus is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae.
 This article refers collectively to all true honey bees; for the common domesticated honey bee see Western honey bee.Honey bees (or honeybees) are a subset of bees in the genus Apis primarily distinguished by the production and storage of honey and the construction of perennial colonial nests from wax. Honey bees are the only extant members of the tribe Apini all in the genus Apis.
 Anderson's crocodile newt (Echinotriton andersoni) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in Japan and at least formerly in Taiwan where it is believed to be regionally extinct.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Yunnan hare (Lepus comus) is a species of mammal in the Leporidae family. It was considered endemic to China (mainly in Yunnan) but its presence was recorded in northern Myanmar in 2000.
 The skink genus Lobulia belongs to the subfamily Lygosominae. They are only found in New Guinea.
 Crimea shemaya (Alburnus mentoides) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus that are endemic to Crimea (Black and Azov Sea basins) in Ukraine. The freshwater fish up to 13 cm long.
 An arthropod is an invertebrate animal having an exoskeleton (external skeleton) a segmented body and jointed appendages. Arthropods are members of the phylum Arthropoda (from Greek ἄρθρον árthron joint and πούς pous (gen. podos) i.e.
 The Chestnut-breasted Nigrita (Nigrita bicolor) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 3000000 km².
 Polyceroidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs specifically dorid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Doridacea.
 Also known as Siamese Gecko or Siamese Rock Gecko Cnemaspis siamensis is a species of geckos. It is found in Thailand. No subspecies listed.
 Conocephalus melanus is a species of Tettigoniidae (bush-crickets or katydids) found in La Réunion. and in CongoIt has a bodylength of 13mm.
 Eulima crossei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Pampus argenteus often called either the silver or white pomfret is a species of butterfish that lives in coastal waters off the Middle East South Asia and Southeast Asia. Fish of this family are characterized by their flat bodies forked tail fins and long pectoral fins.Silver pomfrets are usually silver/white in color with few small scales. They can grow up to 4-6 kg (8–13 lb).
 Eurythecta is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Meadow Fritillary (Boloria bellona) is a North American butterfly in the brushfoot family Nymphalidae. The common name Meadow Fritillary is also used for a European butterfly species Melitaea parthenoides.
 Mussa angulosa the spiny flower coral or large flower coral is a species of stony coral in the family Mussidae. It occurs on reefs in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea the Bahamas and the Gulf of Mexico.
 Conopophila is a genus of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It contains the following species: Rufous-banded Honeyeater (Conopophila albogularis) Rufous-throated Honeyeater (Conopophila rufogularis) Grey Honeyeater (Conopophila whitei)==References==
 Ctenochasmatidae is a group of pterosaurs within the suborder Pterodactyloidea. The earliest known ctenochasmatid remains date to the Late Jurassic Kimmeridgian age. Previously a fossil jaw recovered from the Middle Jurassic Stonesfield Slate formation in the United Kingdom was considered the oldest known.
 Polyctenidae is a family of parasitic insects of the superfamily Cimicoidea that prefer bats as their host. These insects are not to be confused with bat bugs which are members of the family Cimicidae.
 Turbonilla hoeki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.The species name Turbonilla hoecki is a misspelling.
 Latrodectus hesperus the western black widow spider or western widow is a venomous spider species found in western regions of North America. The female's body is 14–16 mm (1/2 in) in length and is black often with an hourglass-shaped red mark on the lower abdomen. This hourglass mark can be yellow and on rare occasions white. The male of the species is around half this length and generally a tan color with lighter striping on the abdomen.
 Candidatus (Latin for candidate of Roman office named after the white gown worn by Roman senators) is in scientific classification a component of the taxonomic name for a bacterium that cannot be maintained in a bacteriology culture collection. It is an interim taxonomic status for noncultivable organisms. An example would be Candidatus Phytoplasma allocasuarinae. This can be abbreviated to Ca. Phytoplasma allocasuarinae.
 Vexillum bellum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Trigonotoma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trigonotoma anthracina Dubault Lassalle & Roux 2008 Trigonotoma aurifera Tschitscherine 1900 Trigonotoma baehri Kirschenhofer 1997 Trigonotoma bhamoensis Bates 1889 Trigonotoma buehleri Straneo 1953 Trigonotoma cauta Tschitscherine 1900 Trigonotoma chrysites Bates 1892 Trigonotoma comotti Gestro 1883 Trigonotoma concinna Castelnau 1834 Trigonotoma cylindriceps Straneo 1985 Trigonotoma dohrnii Chaudoir 1852 Trigonotoma funebris Tschitscherine 1900 Trigonotoma igneicollis Bates 1892 Trigonotoma indica Brulle 1834 Trigonotoma ioides Bates 1892 Trigonotoma kuntzeni Hubenthal 1914 Trigonotoma lamprodera Bates 1892 Trigonotoma laosensis Kirschenhofer 2007 Trigonotoma leotaudi Tschitscherine 1900 Trigonotoma lewisii Bates 1873 Trigonotoma loeffleri Kirschenhofer 2007 Trigonotoma lumawigi Straneo 1987 Trigonotoma luzonica Chaudoir 1868 Trigonotoma morvani Deuve & Lassalle 1983 Trigonotoma nepalensis Morvan 1994 Trigonotoma niasana Tschitscherine 1898 Trigonotoma nitidicollis Chaudoir 1868 Trigonotoma oberthueri Tschitscherine 1894 Trigonotoma ovalis Dubault Lassalle & Roux 2008 Trigonotoma palavanica Tschitscherine 1897 Trigonotoma perraudieri Bates 1889 Trigonotoma peteli Castelnau 1834 Trigonotoma philippinica Straneo 1967 Trigonotoma psyche Tschitscherine 1897 Trigonotoma puella Tschitscherine 1898 Trigonotoma shillongensis Kirschenhofer 2007 Trigonotoma similis Chaudoir 1868 Trigonotoma submetallica Dubault Lassalle & Roux 2008 Trigonotoma venus Tschitscherine 1897 Trigonotoma verberifera L.Schaufuss 1887 Trigonotoma wegneri Straneo 1963↑
 Micropterix aureopennella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1986 and is known from Algeria.The wingspan is about 74 millimetres (2.9 in).
 Felis chaus kutas is a subspecies of the jungle cat that ranges from Bengal westwards to Kutch.In 1832 a stuffed cat was presented at a meeting of the Asiatic Society of Bengal that had been caught in the jungles of Midnapore in West Bengal. Pearson who donated the specimen described it as different in colour from Felis chaus and proposed the name Felis kutas.
 Euchrysops is a genus of Afrotropical butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Druceiella metellus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Ecuador.
 The Dominican Green-and-Yellow Macaw or Atwood's Macaw (Ara atwoodi) also called the Dominican Macaw is extinct and only known through the writings of zoologist Thomas Atwood in 1791.Atwood wrote the following in his book The History of the Island of Dominica: The macaw is of the parrot kind but larger than the common parrot and makes a more disagreeable harsh noise.
 The caper elimia scientific name Elimia olivula is a species of gilled freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Hypochra atricornis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Hypochra of the family Ulidiidae.
 Lacinius is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Turbonilla rhabdota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Anatrachyntis pyrrhodes is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1897 and is known from Australia.
 Lithoxus pallidimaculatus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname where it is found in stony rivulets of the Suriname River basin. This species grows to a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 Makrania is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1959 and contains the species M. belutschistanella. It was described from Persia.
 Porcupinefish are fishes of the family Diodontidae (order Tetraodontiformes) also commonly called blowfish (and sometimes balloonfish and globefish). They are sometimes collectively (but erroneously) called pufferfish not to be confused with the morphologically similar and closely related Tetraodontidae which are more commonly given this name.Porcupinefish are medium- to large-sized fish and are found in shallow temperate and tropical seas worldwide.
 Sympistis deserticola was a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Sympistis major. It was recorded from North America including California.It was formerly known as Oncocnemis riparia deserticola  a subspecies of Oncocnemis riparia but was elevated to species level and transferred to the Sympistis genus in 2008.
 Striagrotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cynipinae is a subfamily of gall wasp.
 Hippasteria phrygiana is a sea star species up to 20cm in diameter with short arms and a large body. The upper surface is red and covered with rounded knob-like spines; the lower surface contains many macroscopic bivalved pedicellariae. It is found primarily in Scotland including the Shetland islands and the North Sea.
 The copperbelly water snake or copperbelly (Nerodia erythrogaster neglecta) is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the Central United States which is listed as a threatened species.
 Argyronome ruslana is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Eastern China Amurland Korea and Japan.The larvae feed on Viola species.
 Pararrhaptica pycnomias is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.The larvae feed on Myrsine lessertiana.
 Megalopsidiinae Leng 1920 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae. See Newton et al. (2001) and references therein for further information about this subfamily.
 Lucerapex indagatoris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Holcocera musicae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Daphnella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Aeginidae is a family of jellyfish in the order Narcomedusae. Most of the genera include only a single species.
 Eupithecia blandula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is about 19–21 mm. The forewings are pale whitish grey and the hindwings are slightly lighter.
 Austrodrillia secunda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 Lophothoracia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1901.
 Boursinidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mimeugnosta enopla is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The long-finned cambeva Trichogenes longipinnis is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae and the only species of the subfamily Trichogeninae.T. longipinnis is endemic to coastal streams in the Atlantic forest between Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo States in southeastern Brazil.
 Fusus junior is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eupithecia succernata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Jamaica.
 Eudoxochiton nobilis is a large uncommon chiton of the family Callochitonidae.
 Neurobasis is a genus of damselflies belonging to the family Calopterygidae. N.
 Ichthyophis subterrestris is a species of caecilian found in the Western Ghats of India. It was described by Edward Harrison Taylor in 1960. It may be synonymous to I. bombayensis.
 Amphimallon javeti is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Sicily.
 The Northern Saw-whet Owl (Aegolius acadicus) is a small owl native to North America.
 Coleophora dissociella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.
 Sultana is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Orthalicidae.
 Papilio mechowi is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family found in Africa.
 Chibidokuga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dysauxes parvigutta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Christoph in 1889. It is found in Iran.
 Hellinsia paccha is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 14-16 mm. The forewings are silvery white with faint ochreous gloss. The hindwings and fringes are silvery grey. Adults are on wing in September.
 Trochus nigropunctatus common name the black-spotted topshell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Neonegeta pollusca is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone and in Ghana.
 Euvrilletta xyletinoides is a species of beetles in the genus Euvrilletta of the family Anobiidae.
 Mordellistena fernandezi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1976 by Palm.
 Schizosthetus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Commotria venosella is a species of snout moths in the genus Commotria. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Malawi.
 Brachysomida atra is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in Canada and USA.
 Oxypselaphus obscurus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania Andorra Croatia Iceland Macedonia Malta Monaco Portugal Romania San Marino and Vatican City. The species are black coloured with yellow legs.
 Ernophthora maculicostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ernophthora. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Hirayamaia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Marumo in 1917 and contains the species Hirayamaia regalis. It is found in Korea Japan and China.The wingspan is 28–30 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.
 Ovatipsa is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The banded bellowsfish banded yellowfish banded snipefish or bluebanded bellowsfish Centriscops humerosus is a species of fish of the family Centriscidae found in southern oceans at depths of 35 to 1000 m (115 to 3281 ft). Its length is up to 30 cm (12 in).
 Coptodisca quercicolella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Braun in 1927. It is found in North America including California and Colorado.The larvae feed on Quercus gambelii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Mordella baidensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Paroligolophus is a genus of harvestman formerly included in the genus Oligolophus. Two species recorded in the United Kingdom are: Paroligolophus agrestis Paroligolophus meadii↑
 Asura gigantea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Burundi.
 Calliotropis persculpta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 The Black-throated Blue Warbler (Setophaga caerulescens) is a small passerine bird of the New World warbler family. Its breeding ranges are located in the interior of deciduous and mixed forests in eastern North America. Over the cooler months it migrates to islands in the Caribbean and Central America. It is a very rarely found in western Europe where it is considered to be an non-indigenous species.
 The Sahelian tiny shrew (Crocidura pasha) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and Sudan. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Peprilus is a genus of fish of the family Stromateidae known as harvestfishes or palometas and are related to butterfish. The eight described species in this genus are found throughout the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. Species in this genus generally have a maximum length of 25–30 cm.
 Clathrina retiformis is a species of the genus Clathrina.
 Taeniodictys is a genus of moths belonging to the Lyonetiidae family. It contains only one species Taeniodictys sericella which is found in Puerto Rico.Larvae have been recorded feeding on detritus in the nest of Polistes crinitus.
 Scoparia claranota is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Howes in 1946. It is found in New Zealand.
 Euphaedra preussi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola and Uganda.
 Auratonota petalocrossa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 26-28 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is slightly darker than related species Auratonota petalocrossa. Furthermore the dorsal blotches are much larger.
 Quintalia is a genus of air-breathing land snails or semislugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.
 Cynodesmus is an extinct genus of omnivorous canine which inhabited North America during the Oligocene living from 33.3—-26.3 Ma and existed for approximately 7 million years.Cynodemus was one of the first canids to truly look dog-like. At around 1 metre (3.3 ft) in length it was about the same size as a modern coyote but had a shorter skull heavier tail and longer rump.
 Leucanopsis manana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 Monolistra is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Sphaeromatidae. Its members are restricted to countries of the former Yugoslavia and neighbouring Italy.
 Pseudothyretes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Poliopastea obscura is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wallengren in 1860. It is found on St. Lucia and in Ecuador.
 Volvarina maya is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mordella plaumanni is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Patelloida saccharinoides is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Araeomolis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Mordella tetraleucosticta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1931.
 Anthidium callosum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Lysandra is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It has 380 chromosomes in its nucleus.
 Psilogramma orientalis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 Setalis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Setalis niger Castelnau 1867 Setalis rubripes Sloane 1907 Setalis sloanei Darlington 1953↑
 Vespina slovaciella is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in Slovakia and Hungary.The larvae feed on Acer species. Young larvae make a circular blotch. It cuts out a excision and drops to the ground where it continues living in the litter.
 Staphylinochrous ugandensis is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Africa.
 Muricopsis (Muricopsis) necocheana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Philautus aurantium is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Southern Beet Webworm Moth or Two-spotted Herpetogramma (Herpetogramma bipunctalis) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found from New England to Florida west to Texas and north to Illinois. In the south the range extends through Central America and the Caribbean to South America.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The forewings are light yellowish-brown with two black discal spots.
 The Common Shelduck (Tadorna tadorna) is a waterfowl species shelduck genus Tadorna. It is widespread and common in Eurasia mainly breeding in temperate and wintering in subtropical regions; in winter it can also be found in the Maghreb. Its scientific name comes from Celtic roots and means pied waterfowl essentially the same as the English shelduck.Fossil bones from Dorkovo (Bulgaria) described as Balcanas pliocaenica may actually belong to this species.
 The Chactidae make up the superfamily Chactoidea. The family was established by Reginald Innes Pocock 1893.
 Agdistis bifurcatus is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Cape Verde the Canary Islands Morocco Tunisia the Selvagens Islands Spain and Portugal.The larvae feed on Limonium species including Limonium ferulaceum.
 Osmia latreillei is a species of Mason Bees belonging to the family Megachilidae subfamily Megachilinae.It is mainly found in France Germany Switzerland Italy Greece and Spain.These Mason Bees are oligolectic gathering pollen only from Asteraceae species. They fly from April through July and larvae feed directly on pollen grains.
 Endoclita tosa is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Java Indonesia.
 Phyllonorycter argyrolobiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France.The larvae feed on Argyrolobium zanonii. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found in the leaflets occupying a complete leaflet at the end of the development.
 Acanthinula spinifera is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae. This species is endemic to Spain.
 The Nassau grouper (Epinephelus striatus) is one of the large number of perciform fish in the family Serranidae that are commonly referred to as groupers. It is the most important of the groupers for commercial fishery in the West Indies but has been endangered by overfishing.The Nassau grouper is a US National Marine Fisheries Service Species of Concern.
 The Madagascan Cuckoo (Cuculus rochii) also known as the Madagascar Lesser Cuckoo is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. Though it breeds only in Madagascar it spends the non-breeding season in a number of countries in the African Great Lakes region and the Indian Ocean islands: Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Madagascar Malawi Rwanda South Africa Uganda and Zambia.
 Gnophaela discreta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1875. It is found in Mexico Arizona and California.The wingspan is about 38 mm.The larvae feed on Mertensia species.
 Lampropeltis mexicana greeri (also known as Greer's Mexican kingsnake) is a snake species native to the mountains of the Mexican state of Durango. They have a light silver-gray to tan coloration. They are a high altitude snake that can reach up to 36 inches long in adulthood. They have a strict diet of mice and lizards consuming pinkies and small lizards as juveniles and preferring large mice and lizards as adults. They need a hiding space at all times since they are relatively shy.
 The East Coast Akalat or Gunning's Robin (Sheppardia gunningi) is a small passerine bird which can be found in the east of Africa from Kenya to Mozambique and is named after J. W. B. Gunning.This species is a forest-dwelling insectivorous bird related to the small Old World flycatchers commonly known as chats; like these it was formerly placed with the thrushes (Turdidae).The East Coast Akalat is affected by habitat loss.
 Common names: boas boids boioids.The Boidae are a family of nonvenomous snakes found in America Africa Europe Asia and some Pacific Islands. Relatively primitive snakes adults are medium to large in size with females usually larger than the males. Two subfamilies comprising eight genera and 43 species are currently recognized.
 Strophotina niphochondra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Distrito Federal).
 Lepidochrysops subvariegata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Marpissa muscosa is a species of jumping spider.Females reach about 8–11 mm length males only 6–8 mm. Both sexes are coloured grey to brown. The whole spider has a furry appearance and is flattened in shape. The species builds a kind of nest under the bark of dead trees. Up to 100 of these nests can occur side by side. This spider has a hierarchy: weaker animals will show their inferiority by strutting their front legs and slowly receding from the scene.[citation needed]
 Bathycrinicola macrapex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Mitromorpha granulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Eupithecia rubellicincta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Lioptilodes neuquenicus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Argentina Chile and Peru. Moths in this species take flight in October November and January and have a wingspan of approximately 14-16 millimetres.
 Pseudometapterus umbrosus is a species of assassin bug found in North America. It is univoltine in Illinois and overwinters as an adult. It has been reported from spider webs and plants (Heuchera parviflora) on sandstone and limestone bluffs. The vast majority of observed individuals are mictropterus but in 2000 a macropterus (full-size winged) female was observed in Little Grand Canyon Jackson County Southern Illinois.
 The New Guinea long-eared bat (Nyctophilus microtis) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Sepsis is a genus of flies in the family Sepsidae.
 Meteura cervina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by T.P. Lucas in 1890. It is found in Australia where it is known from south-eastern Queensland.
 The red and white giant flying squirrel (Petaurista alborufus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in China and Taiwan. It is the largest species of giant squirrel and has blue eyes.
 Atta mexicana is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Atta. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini.
 The Cape common or brown hare (Lepus capensis) is a hare natively found throughout Africa and has spread to many parts of Europe the Middle East and Asia. The Cape Hare is a nocturnal herbivore. It is known in French as Lievre Du Cap and in Spanish as Liebre Del Cabo.
 Gracixalus quangi is a species of Shrub frog from Vietnam.
 Thelosia resputa is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1929.
 Trichocoleaceae is a family of liverworts in order Jungermanniales.
 Synanthedon nyanga is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Gabon.
 Goniacidalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tylosis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tylosis dimidiata Bates 1892 Tylosis hilaris Linsley 1957 Tylosis jimenezii Dugès 1879 Tylosis maculatus LeConte 1850 Tylosis nigricollis Chemsak & Hovore in Eya 2010 Tylosis oculatus LeConte 1850 Tylosis puncticollis Bates 1885 Tylosis suturalis White 1853 Tylosis triangularis Monné & Martins 1981↑
 Eumenes is the type genus of the subfamily Eumeninae (potter wasps) of Vespidae. It is a large and widespread genus with over 100 taxa (species and subspecies) mostly occurring in the temperate portions of the Northern Hemisphere. Most species are black or brown and commonly marked with strikingly contrasting patterns of yellow white orange or red (or combinations thereof). Like most vespids their wings are folded longitudinally at rest.
 Cynolebias constanciae is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Tanymetopus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Laysan Finch (Telespiza cantans) is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper that is endemic to the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. It is one of four remaining finch-billed Hawaiian honeycreepers and is closely related to the smaller Nihoa Finch. The Laysan Finch is named for Laysan the island to which it was endemic on its discovery. It was subsequently introduced to a few other atolls and its historical range included some of the main islands.
 The Kihansi spray toad Nectophrynoides asperginis is a yellowish dwarf toad with females reaching up to 2.9 cm (1.1 in) long and males up to 1.9 cm (0.75 in). This ovoviviparous species was scientifically described in 1999.It was found only in the spray zone around the Kihansi waterfalls in the southern Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania.
 The Roswell springsnail scientific name Pyrgulopsis roswellensis is a species of small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Roswell New Mexico in the United States.
 Thermochrous marginata is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Hallensia is an extinct genus of herbivore.
 Cosmopterix quadrilineella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from the United States (Texas Arizona Arkansas California).Adults have been recorded from May to October.
 Discothyrea is a genus of ant in the subfamily Proceratiinae. Little is known about their biology but ants in this genus are thought to be specialist predators of arthropod eggs and have been observed storing eggs in their nests (probably spider eggs).
 The Cocoa Fruit Borer (Carmenta theobromae) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Busck in 1910 and is known from Colombia and Venezuela.The larva of the species feed on Theobroma cacao. They perforate the pods of their host plant and are considered a serious pest.
 Calinaginae is a butterfly subfamily from the family Nymphalidae. This group of butterflies includes one genus Calinaga that occurs in Asia.
 Stomafrontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Boland Skolly (Thestor protumnus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is only found in South Africa.The wingspan is 22-37.5 mm for males and 24-42.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to December and August to October in Namaqualand. Subspecies terblanchei is on wing from January to March. The peak flight times vary per locality.The larvae feed on coccids.
 Acrobasis kylesi is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Neunzig in 1986 and is known from Louisiana United States.The larvae feed on Ostrya virginiana.
 The Lucerne Looper Zermizinga sinuata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania.The larvae feed on Fabaceae species such as Lotus cruentus and Medicago sativa. They have also been found on Mentha spicata and Pinus radiata.
 Coleophora byrsostola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in western and south-western India (Maharashstra Mahableshwar Karnataka Coorg plateau).The wingspan is 8-9 mm. The head and antennae are whitish-ochreous. The palpi and thorax are greyish-ochreous. The forewings are greyish-ochreous although the second discal stigma is dark fuscous. The hindwings are lightgrey.The larvae feed on Strobilanthes species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Goniatitoidea . formerly Goniatitaceae in older publications is a superfamily of late Paleozoic ammonoid cephalopods included in the Goniatitida. They are characterized by thinly discoidal to globular shells with variable umbilici and sculpture. The ventral lobe located along the outer margin is prominently bifurcated (two pronged); the lateral lobe undivided.
 Thesbia unica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Vasum rhinoceros common name the rhinoceros vase snail or rhinoceros vase shell is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk within the family Turbinellidae.
 The Oʻahu Petrel (Pterodroma jugabilis) is an extinct species of very small gadfly petrel known only from subfossil material found in the Hawaiian Islands. The specific epithet comes from the Latin jugabilis meaning “that which may be joined” with reference to the unusual nearly conjoined supraorbital salt gland depressions on the cranium.
 Callionymus meridionalis is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs down to depths of 70 metres (230 ft). This species grows to a length of 10.8 centimetres (4.3 in) SL.
 Atylotus rusticus is a horse-fly in the genus Atylotus. It is found in Europe Asia and North Africa.Atylotus rusticus belongs to the group of insects known as Endopterygota (holometabolising insects) which go through metamorphosis during their life. The larvae are radically different from the full-grown insects. Between the larvae stage and the grown stage is a pupae stage where the fly's inner and outer organs develop.
 Euphaedra brevis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and from Equatorial Guinea to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Oliva mustelina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Oreodontoides is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae subfamily Merycoidodontinae endemic to North America during the Late Oligocene-Early Miocene subepochs (24.8—20.6 mya) existing for approximately 4.2 million years.
 Hippopotamus is the name of a genus consisting of one extant species Hippopotamus amphibius also known as the Hippopotamus and several extinct species. It belongs to the family Hippopotamidae which also includes the Pygmy Hippopotamus (Choeropsis liberiensis) and a number of extinct genera.
 Osmodes distincta the Distinct White-spots is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of wetter forests.The larvae feed on Marantochloa species.
 Ochetorhynchus is a genus of earthcreepers birds in the family Furnariidae. They are found in open to semi-open habitats in Chile Argentina Bolivia and Peru. It contains the following species: Rock Earthcreeper Ochetorhynchus andaecola – formerly in genus Upucerthia. Straight-billed Earthcreeper Ochetorhynchus ruficaudus – formerly in genus Upucerthia. Band-tailed Earthcreeper Ochetorhynchus phoenicurus – formerly in monotypic genus Eremobius.
 For the Hawaiian nationalist leader see Bumpy Kanahele. For the character see Mr. Bumpy. Or see bump (disambiguation).Bumpy is a species of Jellyfish Stellamedusa ventana.The species was first described in the Journal of the Marine Biological Association in 2004 by Kevin Raskoff and George Matsumoto of the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute. As of February 2004 seven specimens have been observed five off the California coast in Monterey Bay and two in the Gulf of California.
 Hygraula is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Gobius roulei Roule's goby is a species of goby native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea where it can be found at depths of from 320 to 385 metres (1050 to 1263 ft). This species can reach a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Suggrundus is a genus of flatheads native to the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean.
 The Pribilof Island shrew (Sorex pribilofensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found only on Alaska's Pribilof Islands.
 The Hemioniscidae are a family of marine isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida. The original description was made by Bonnier in 1900.
 Naarda albopunctalis is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 The Costa Rican Swift (Chaetura fumosa) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family. It was split from the Band-rumped Swift Chaetura spinacauda in 1998.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica and Panama with a natural habitat of subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is blackish and slim-winged with sharply contrasting pale-rump band and distinctly pale throat. Sooty- black coloration is tinged with glossy blue. Bill and feet are black.
 The White-chested Emerald (Amazilia brevirostris) is a hummingbird found in eastern Venezuela the Guianas Trinidad and far northern Brazil (Roraima). It has sometimes been placed in the genus Agyrtria and the name A. chionopectus was formerly used for this species as the name A. brevirostris was believed to be applicable to the Versicolored Emerald. While most current authorities maintain the view that A.
 Horolodectes sunae is a long-extinct eutherian mammal species of uncertain taxonomic position recently discovered in Paleocene formations in northern Alberta Canada. Its name means hourglass biter in Greek because of the shape of its teeth.
 Stellerina xyosterna the Pricklebreast poacher is a species of poacher native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from Canada to northern Mexico. This species can be found on sandy or muddy bottoms at depths of from 5 to 75 metres (16 to 246 ft). This species grows to a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Goniobranchus hunterae is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Mordellistena indistincta is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae. It is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1882 and is found in New York.
 Abbott's Babbler (Malacocincla abbotti) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is widely distributed along the Himalayas in South Asia and extending into the forests of Southeast Asia. They are short-tailed and stout birds which forage in pairs in dense undergrowth close to the ground and their presences is indicated by their distinctive calls.
 The Cinnamon Weaver (Ploceus badius) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is endemic to Sudan and nearby countries.
 Blochius is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Eocene. It was described by Volta in 1800.
 Protostrioconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (January 2012) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Cymatophoropsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Proteocephalinae is a subfamily of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidae family which includes the genus Ophiotaenia.
 Fiordichthys is a genus of viviparous brotula native to the southwest Pacific Ocean.
 Cochylis insipida is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Baja California).
 Falsimargarita georgiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Auratonota dispersa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala Panama and Costa Rica. It has also been recorded from southern Florida where it was probably imported with orchids from Guatemala.The wingspan is 14-15 mm. The forewings are shiny white with a pattern of narrow brown and yellow crossbands. The hindwings are white with faint grey-brown marbling.
 Oxycanus loesus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Victoria.
 Kylix panamella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Hirasodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Celidodacus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Philbertia alternans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 Psecas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Stephopaedes is a genus of true toads.
 Xyletobius roridus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 The Slender-billed Finch' (Xenospingus concolor) is a species of finch-like bird traditionally placed in the Emberizidae family but it may be more closely related to the Thraupidae. It is the only member of its genus Xenospingus. It is restricted to southwest Peru and northern Chile and inhabits mainly riverine vegetation along coastal valleys. It has been considered endangered due to loss of habitat. Riparian thickets that were common are under pressure from logging by farm owners.
 Cerithium rueppelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Uranothauma poggei the Striped Heart is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda western Kenya the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu Lualaba and Shaba) western Tanzania Malawi northern Zambia Angola Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland and the edges of forests.Adults are on wing from August to October and from February to May in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Albizia gummifera.
 Lamida is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859.
 Stenoptilia reisseri is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 The King Kong Grosbeak or Giant Grosbeak (Chloridops regiskongi) is a prehistoric species of Hawaiian honeycreeper that was endemic to Hawaiʻi. It had the largest beak of the three Chloridops species known to have existed. The King Kong Grosbeak was described from fossils found at Barber's Point and Ulupau Head on the island of Oʻahu. It was 11 inches (28 cm) long making it one of the largest Hawaiian honeycreepers.
 Hrabea ogumai is a species of oligochaete worm originally described by Yamaguchi in 1936 from specimens collected from subterranean waters in Sapporo. The genus is named after the great oligochaete specialist Dr. Sergej Hrabe and the species after Prof. K. Oguma.The body of Hrabea is 7–8 centimetres (2.8–3.1 in) long and consists of 146–183 segments. The body wall is thin and transparent but when illuminated shows a light green tint. It swims actively by lateral undulating movements.
 Ctenosaura palearis commonly known as the Guatemalan spiny-tailed iguana is a species of spiny-tailed iguana endemic to the Motagua Valley Guatemala.
 Nemoria arizonaria is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was first described (and classified as Aplodes arizonaria) by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1883. It is indigenous to Arizona New Mexico and the Davis Mountains in Texas.
 Haedropleura summa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 Bridget (1776–1798) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the inaugural running of the Oaks Stakes in 1779. She was bred and owned by Edward Smith-Stanley 12th Earl of Derby for whom she produced five foals as a broodmare.
 Borophagus pugnator (devouring glutton) is an extinct species of the genus Borophagus of the subfamily Borophaginae a group of canids endemic to North America from the early Miocene epoch through the late Miocene epoch 23.3—4.9 Ma. Borophagus pugnator existed for approximately 18 million years.
 Coleophora dormiens is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.Adults are on wing in late autumn.The larvae feed on Halothamnus subaphyllus Halothamnus glaucus subsp. hispidulus and Halothamnus glaucus subsp. glaucus. They create a leafy case consisting of two parts differing in thickness. The caudal part is thinner sometimes with longitudinal ridges formed by folds of leaves stretched by the larva.
 Cliniodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Staphylinochrous is a genus of moth in the Anomoeotidae family.
 Eupithecia fuscorufa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Pakistan.
 Coleotrochus is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Bohaispiridae is an extinct family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.According to taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005) the family Bohaispiridae has no subfamilies.
 Prince John (1953–1979) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse called one of the greatest broodmare sires of all time by Bloodhorse magazine. Bred in Kentucky he was sired by Princequillo a two-time leading sire in North America and a nine-time leading broodmare sire. He was out of the mare Not Afraid a daughter of 1943 U.S. Triple Crown winner and Hall of Fame inductee Count Fleet.
 Eriophyes tiliae is a mite that forms the lime nail gall or bugle gall. It develops in a chemically induced gall; an erect oblique or curved distortion rising up from the upper surface of the leaves of the common lime tree Tilia × europaea (synonym T. × vulgaris).
 Hypenolobosa is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Cymenopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cymenopterus perforatus (Alluaud 1897) Cymenopterus vadoni (Jeannel 1948)↑
 Coleophora hackmani is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from northern Europe to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone. It has also been recorded from the Iberian Peninsula.The wingspan is 12–15 mm.The larvae feed on Silene nutans.
 Carinotetraodon imitator commonly known as dwarf Malabar pufferfish is a freshwater pufferfish found in India. It resembles a similar species dwarf pufferfish
 Paracles dukinfieldia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Pseudoedaleosia scoparioides is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Havaika is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). The genera Habronattus and Pellenes are closely related. All then known species were split from the genus Sandalodes (subfamily Plexippinae) (Prószyński 2002).All twelve species occur on the islands of the Hawaiian and Marquesas chains. Recent molecular studies suggest that the species from the two chains are the result of independent colonizations (Arnedo & Gillespie 2006). The Marquesas species H. triangulifera and H.
 Psodos quadrifaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the higher parts of the Alps as well as the Pyrenees the High Tatras and the Balkan mountains. It also has a scattered distribution in the Krkonoše mountains. Psodos quadrifaria is found on heights of up to 2700 meters.The wingspan is 18–25 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to mid August and are day active. There is one generation per year.The larva feed on the leaves of various low-growing plants.
 Telosphrantis is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family containing only one species Telosphrantis aethiopica which is known from Ethiopia.The length of the forewings is about 7 mm. The head is brown with some buff scales mixed in. The thorax is brown and the forewings are unicolorous dark brown or fuscous with one narrow buff mark on the costal margin. The hindwings are unicolorous fuscous.
 Tsolov's mouse-like hamster or Syrian calomyscus (Calomyscus tsolovi) is a species of rodent in the Calomyscidae family.It is endemic to Syria.
 Mordellistena kellersi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1928 by Blair.
 The tube-eye or thread-tail Stylephorus chordatus is a deep-sea Lampriformes fish the only fish in the genus Stylephorus and family Stylephoridae.It is found in deep subtropical and tropical waters around the world living at depths during the day and making nightly vertical migrations to feed on plankton. It is an extremely elongated fish; although its body grows only to 28 cm (11 in) long its pair of tail fin rays triple its length to about 90 cm (35 in).
 Hellinsia biangulata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from West Papua.
 Trypeta dorsocentralis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Ethmia exornata is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is widespread in northern South America and Central America ranging from Brazil (Rio de Janeiro) through Central America to the west coast of Mexico.The length of the forewings is 9.7-12.4 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white with several dark brown spots near the base on the costal half. These are strongly reflecting blue-green and at times partially fusing.
 Thaleropis is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
 Aethiothemis bequaerti is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Malawi Nigeria Zambia and possibly Mozambique. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland swamps and marshes.
 Xenisthmus clarus (Clear wriggler) is a species of fish in the Xenisthmidae (wriggler) family. It is found in the Western Pacific (including the Ryukyu Islands and northern Australia) and the southern Pacific. It has also been reported from the waters around Samoa and American Samoa.
 The robust cottontail or Davis Mountains cottontail (Sylvilagus robustus) is a species of cottontail rabbit endemic to four mountain ranges in the southwestern United States and adjacent Mexico. It was long considered to be a subspecies of the Eastern Cottontail (S. floridanus) but has recently been promoted to species level due to morphological analysis. Genetic data have confirmed the uniqueness of S. robustus. S. robustus and the subspecies of S.
 The Northern Spotted Owl Strix occidentalis caurina (Cahto: bisbintc) is one of three Spotted Owl subspecies. A Western North American bird in the family Strigidae genus Strix it is a medium-sized dark brown owl sixteen to nineteen inches in length and one to one and one sixth pounds. Females are larger than males. The wingspan is approximately forty two inches.
 Aleyrodes millettiae is a Whitefly species named by François Cohic in 1968.
 The tule shrew (Sorex ornatus juncensis) is a possibly extinct subspecies of the ornate shrew (Sorex ornatus). It was confined to the Baja California peninsula in Mexico.
 Coleophora echinacea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.The larvae feed on Krascheniunnikovia eversmanniana. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Natica alapapilionis is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Neoceratitis efflatouni is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Neoceratitis of the family Tephritidae.
 The Southern Red-sided Opossum Monodelphis sorex is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.This opossum has small rounded ears a long pointed nose and a tail which is half as long as its body. The head neck and foreparts are grey the back is dark brown and the rump is reddish. It has short fur and the males are larger than the females. It is terrestrial and mainly feeds on insects although it will also eat small vertebrates and fruit.
 Polinices lacteus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Turbonilla fideliformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Rachiptera is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Copanarta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pachyura is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 Ctenucha annulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Bathytoma lacertosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Anapisa monotonia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Kenya.
 The Barbary Skipper (Muschampia mohammed) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is endemic to Morocco and Algeria. It is found in dry and flower-rich areas between 1500 and 2000 meters.The length of the forewings is 15-16 mm although the first generation is smaller with a forewing length of about 14 mm. Adults are on wing from March to June in two generations. The larvae feed on Phlomis species.
 Pardosa baehrorum is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Germany Switzerland and Austria.
 Mordellistena rufobrunnea is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Champion in 1927.
 The Acadian Hairstreak (Satyrium acadica) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from British Columbia east to Nova Scotia and south to Idaho Colorado the northern Midwest Maryland and New Jersey.The wingspan is 29–38 mm. There is one tail on each hindwing. The upperside is brown-grey while the underside of the hindwings is grey. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation per year.
 Knipowitschia mermere is a species of fresh water goby endemic to Lake Marmara in Turkey where it can be found in shallow poorly oxygenated water with plentiful weed growth. This species can reach a length of 2.4 centimetres (0.94 in) TL.
 Netechma phaedroma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 The bergall alxo known as the cunner conner or chogset Tautogolabrus adspersus is a species of wrasse native to the western Atlantic where it is found from the Gulf of St. Lawrence and Newfoundland to the Chesapeake Bay. They inhabit inshore waters living near the sea floor at depths from 10 to 128 m (33 to 420 ft) preferring areas with beds of seaweed shipwrecks or wharf pilings. They spend the winter months in a state of torpor underneath rocks.
 Mirinaba is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Strophocheilidae.
 The insect family Corduliidae contains the emerald dragonflies or green-eyed skimmers. These dragonflies are usually black or dark brown with areas of metallic green or yellow and most of them have large emerald-green eyes. The larvae are black hairy-looking and usually semiaquatic.Members of this family include baskettails emeralds river cruisers sundragons shadowdragons boghaunters and other creatively named dragonflies.
 The Eastern Crowned Warbler (Phylloscopus coronatus) is a species of Old World warbler in the family Phylloscopidae. It is found in Bangladesh Cambodia China India Indonesia Japan North Korea South Korea Laos Malaysia Myanmar Russia Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.
 Euphaedra perseis the Perseis Mimic Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea (Conakry) Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and western Ghana. The habitat consists of wet forests.Adults mimic a day-flying moth of the Xanthospilopteryx genus. They are attracted to fallen fruit.
 Puncha is a genus of snakeflies in the family Raphidiidae. This monotypic genus contains one species: Puncha ratzeburgiThese snakeflies are widely distributed in Central and Eastern Europe. They are predator both as adults and larvae.
 Ksar (1918–1937) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who had back-to-back wins in France's most prestigious horse race the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
 Popenaias popeii common name the Texas hornshell is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is found in Mexico and in Texas and New Mexico in the United States.
 Turbonilla landersi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cantrainea yoyottei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Cryptomartus hindi was a species of trigonotarbid which is an extinct group of arachnids whose fossil record extends from the late Silurian to the early Permian.
 Allograpta is a very large and diverse genus of hoverflies present throughout the world except most of the palearctic region. The adults are brightly coloured flower pollinators and most larvae have a predatory feeding mode involving soft-bodied homopterans. Certain species have diverged from this and their larvae have been found to be leaf-miners stem-borers or pollen-feeders.
 Anopheles crucians is a mosquito that breeds in semipermanent and permanent pools ponds lakes and swamps. It may be a vector for malaria. Walter Reed Biosystematic Unit Characteristics Bionomics Medical Importance GeoSpecies Knowledge Base University of Wisconsin
 Gilbert's grunter (Pingalla gilberti) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family. It is endemic to Australia where it is known from the Norman Gilbert and Flinders Rivers.
 Trachelocyphus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trachelocyphus aenigmaticus Tschitscherine 1900 Trachelocyphus gerardianus (Burgeon 1935) Trachelocyphus mirulus (Tschitscherine 1901) Trachelocyphus trisulcis (Chaudoir 1878) Trachelocyphus tschitscherini Lutshnik 1922↑
 Exerodonta juanitae is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Austrochilidae are a small spider family with nine species in three genera.Two genera (Austrochilus Thaida) are endemic to the Andean forests of central and southern Chile and adjacent Argentina the third is endemic to Tasmania.
 Oncotylus vitticeps is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Phylinae that can be found in Russia and Ukraine.
 Gastropholis is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae.
 Neolithocolletis is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Mesorhabditis acidophyla is a species of nematode that has been discovered by Borgonie et al. in 2010. This nematode has the exceptional capacity to survive in extreme acidic conditions. The most prominent reason for the adaptation of this species to such an environment is to escape predators.
 Mordellistena depensis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1923 by Maurice Pic.
 Ceratophysa ceratopyga is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pourtalesiidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Ceratophysa ceratopyga was first scientifically described in 1879 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
 Destolmia lineata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Australia.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus caesia.
 Caliris elegans is a mantis species in the genus Caliris found in Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo.
 The Yellowish-streaked Honeyeater or Olive-streaked Honeyeater (Ptiloprora meekiana) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Odostomia lutea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Neopectinimura madangensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.The wingspan is 10 mm. The forewing ground color is silvery white in the upper one third but covered with brownish dense scales in the lower two-thirds of the wing. The hindwings are orange grey elongate and slightly narrower than the forewings.
 The Australian Magpie (Cracticus tibicen) is a medium-sized black and white passerine bird native to Australia and southern New Guinea. A member of the Cracticidae it is closely related to the butcherbirds. At one stage the Australian Magpie was considered to be three separate species although zones of hybridisation between forms reinforced the idea of a single species with several subspecies nine of which are now recognised.
 Ompok is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia.They are sometimes called butter catfishes but this can also refer to the African genus Schilbe of the family Schilbeidae.
 Inanidrilus ernesti is a species of Annelid worm.
 Mastigoteuthis is a genus of whip-lash squid containing approximately 12 species. Some teuthologists consider Idioteuthis synonymous with this taxon.
 Cynohyaenodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid creodont that lived during the Eocene.
 Mitromorphidae is a monophyletic family of small to medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea.Bouchet Kantor et al. elevated in 2011 the subfamily Mitromorphinae (which at that point had been placed in the family Conidae) to the rank of family. This was based on a cladistical analysis of shell morphology radular characteristics anatomical characters and a dataset of molecular sequences of three gene fragments.
 Cochylimorpha straminea the Straw Conch is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe Morocco Algeria Tunisia Asia Minor the Palestinian territories Iraq Syria Armenia Transcaspia Turkmenistan and Iran (the Elburz Mountains).The wingspan is 13–21 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing from May to July and again from late August to September.The larvae feed on Scabiosa Artemisia and Centaurea species.
 Sparganothoides albescens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).The length of the forewings is about 8.1 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish white with brownish orange brown and black-tipped scales. The hindwings are white.
 The Dusky-lemon Sallow (Xanthia gilvago) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 32–38 mm. The moth flies from August to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on English elm.
 Barbus bigornei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Asymphorodes chalcozona is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found on Tahiti.
 Hypermastus bulbula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Procoelambus macrocephalus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Procoelambus.
 Minyolophia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Arcola malloi (formerly Vogtia malloi) is a species of snout moth known as the alligator weed stem borer. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious aquatic plant known as alligator weed (Alternanthera philoxeroides). This moth is native to South America. It was introduced to the United States in the 1970s to attack the alligator weed. It is now established in populations of the weed in the southeastern United States.
 Chaetocrania is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Herimosa is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Lucifuga is a genus of viviparous brotulas. Most of the species are native to caves and sinkholes in Cuba and the Bahamas; L. inopinata from deep water off the Galápagos Islands is the only exception. The four species rated by the IUCN are all considered vulnerable. The largest species in the genus reaches about 15 cm (5.9 in) in length.
 Juliette Marny (foaled 1972) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic Epsom Oaks in 1975. After being beaten in both her races as a two-year-old and disqualified on her three-year-old debut the filly won the Lingfield Oaks Trial the Oaks Stakes and Irish Oaks before her career was ended by injury in the Yorkshire Oaks. She was then retired to stud where she had some success as a broodmare.
 The Red hairy Caterpillar (Amsacta albistriga) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in southern India.The wingspan is 40–50 mm (1.6–2.0 in).The larvae defoliate various agricultural crops. After about thirty to forty days of feeding the larvae burrow into the soil to pupate.
 Australops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now Argentina. It was described by Baldis in 1972 and the type species is Australops australis.
 Polypoetes forficata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in eastern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 12 to 14 millimetres (0.47 to 0.55 in) for males and 13.5 to 15 millimetres (0.53 to 0.59 in) for females. The ground color of the forewings is dark brown to blackish brown but lighter in the basal third. The central area of the hindwings is immaculate white with scattered dark brown scales near the base.The larvae feed on Psammisia species.
 Euscorpius alpha is a species of scorpion which is indigenous to southern Switzerland and northern Italy west of the river Adige in northern Italy. It is a small black scorpion it is normally less than 30 millimetres (1.2 in) in length. It is usually found in humid mountainous areas under stones logs etc. but also in humid parts of buildings such as cellars.
 Phalium vibex is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 The Atlantic horseshoe crab Limulus polyphemus is a marine chelicerate arthropod. Despite its name it is more closely related to spiders ticks and scorpions than to crabs. Horseshoe crabs are most commonly found in the Gulf of Mexico and along the northern Atlantic coast of North America. A main area of annual migration is Delaware Bay although stray individuals are occasionally found in Europe.The other three species in the family Limulidae are also called horseshoe crabs.
 Cheilosia variabilis is a European species of hoverfly. Like most Cheilosia it is black and because of this may often be overlooked as a hoverfly. Adult flies were found from May to August visiting flowers of Aegopodium podagraria Alliaria petiolata Anthriscus sylvestris Apiaceae Aurinia saxatilis Conium maculatum Crataegus laevigata Euphorbia cyparissias Meum athamanticum Potentilla reptans Ranunculus repens Salix spec. Sambucus nigra and Sorbus aucuparia.
 Syricoris lacunana the Dark Strawberry Tortrix is a small moth species of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.Like its congeners it is sometimes still placed in the genus Celypha.
 Dysschema lycaste is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Honduras and Costa Rica.
 Ziba gambiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Cyclostrema tortuganum common name the Tortugas cyclostreme is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 Hahncappsia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family and the order Lepidoptera.
 The Tephritoidea are a superfamily of flies. The following families are included: Lonchaeidae - lance flies Pallopteridae - flutter flies Piophilidae - skippers Platystomatidae - signal flies Pyrgotidae Richardiidae Tephritidae - fruit flies Ulidiidae (Otitidae) - picture-winged fliesThe Tachiniscinae formerly ranked as the family Tachiniscidae are now included in the Tephritidae.
 The †Ceritellidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
 Oidaematophorus downesi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America.
 Acropteromma is a subgenus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Lopharcha erioptila is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Telmatobius simonsi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Enneapterygius williamsi known commonly as the William's triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Fricke in 1997.
 Amnicolidae is a family of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rissooidea.This family is in the clade Littorinimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). This family was previously considered to be a subfamily of Hydrobiidae.
 Graphium poggianus is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in northern Angola the southern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Zambia.
 Deltocolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Deltocolpodes brendelli Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes championi Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes duluchus Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes heinigeri Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes jalepensis Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes kirschenhoferi Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes nepalensis Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes perreaui Deuve 1985 Deltocolpodes rectangulus Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes rolex Morvan 1992 Deltocolpodes salpensis Deuve 1985 Deltocolpodes sikkimensis Morvan 1992↑
 Scincella beddomei is a species of skink endemic to India.
 Latreillia is a genus of crabs in the family Latreilliidae comprising five species:Latreillia elegans Roux 1830Latreillia metanesa Williams 1982Latreillia pennifera Alcock 1900Latreillia valida De Haan 1839Latreillia williamsi Melo 1990The name Latreillia honors Pierre André Latreille. A genus of flies was also given the same name and as a junior homonym was renamed Belvosia.
 Arthroleptis milletihorsini is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Mali.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna.
 The garden rose tortricid moth or fruit tortricid (Acleris variegana) is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It has a Palaearctic distribution. The moth flies from July to September mainly at night and is attracted to bright lights. The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including rose and apple.
 Mylagaulus is an extinct genus of rodents in the family Mylagaulidae containing these species:M. cambridgensisM. cornusaulax Czaplewski 2012 – Miocene Oklahoma (United States)M. elassosM. kinseyiM. sesquipedalis↑ ↑
 Singilis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Singilis alternans Bedel 1905 Singilis bicolor Rambur 1837 Singilis centralis Antoine 1963 Singilis jakeschi Jedlicka 1967 Singilis loeffleri Jedlicka 1963 Singilis melillensis Escalera 1914 Singilis pardoi Mateu 1954 Singilis soror Rambur 1837↑
 The tropical spiny agama (Agama armata) is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family found in most of sub-Saharan Africa. The species is found in South Africa Mosambique Namibia Botswana Zambia Swaziland southern Democratic Republic of the Congo (Zaire) southwestern Kenya and central Tanzania.
 The African groove-toothed rat or mill rat (Mylomys dybowskii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kalanisi (foaled March 27 1996 in Ireland) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won European Champion and American Champion honors in 2000.
 The Panay Forest Frog (Platymantis panayensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Idalus tuisana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Private Account (April 26 1976 - November 25 2004) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse whose wins included the Grades 1 Gulfstream Park and Widener Handicaps under jockey Jeffrey Fell.
 Hystrichophora is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Gloanna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Austropyrgus sinuatus is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to western Victoria Australia. It is known from only one location on Mount Emu Creek south of Terang.
 Temnora hollandi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from forests from Nigeria to Congo and Uganda.The length of the forewings is about 27 mm making it the largest Temnora species. It is similar to Temnora wollastoni but much larger and the forewing outer margin is less crenulated. The forewing upperside is olive green with a dark triangular patch on the costal margin. The distal part of the patch is a light blue area with two dark lines.
 Mitrella scripta common name : the music dove shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 The Lesser Caymans iguana or Cayman Brac iguana or Cayman Island brown iguana or Sister Isles iguana (Cyclura nubila caymanensis) is a critically endangered subspecies of the Cuban iguana (Cyclura nubila). It is native to two islands to the south of Cuba: Cayman Brac and Little Cayman which are also known as the Sister Isles due to their similar shapes and close proximity to each other.
 Diodora parviforata common name the conical keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Mordellistenula anomala is a beetle in the Mordellistenula genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1957 by Ermisch.
 Basilissopsis watsoni is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 The Dybowski's Siberian salamander group or Salamandrella is a genus of salamander in the Hynobiidae family. It contains these species: Siberian salamander (S. keyserlingii) Schrenck Siberian salamander (S. tridactyla)
 Eviota hoesei Doug's eviota is a species of goby associated with reefs and tide pools. It has a limited distribution in the southwest Pacific being found around New Caledonia Lord Howe Island Norfolk Island and the Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs at depths of from 0 to 25 metres (0 to 82 ft). Within this limited area this is an abundant species.Like most members of its genus this is a tiny fish reaching a length of 2 centimetres (0.79 in) SL.
 Lymnaea cailliaudi is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lymnaeidae.
 Mordellaria aurofasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordellaria genus which is part of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1837.
 Dactyloscopus foraminosus the Reticulate stargazer is a species of sand stargazer native to the coastal waters of Brazil where it can be found at depths of from 11 to 79 metres (36 to 259 ft). This species may also occur off the coast of Florida USA. It can reach a maximum length of 7.9 centimetres (3.1 in) NG.
 Arctomelon tamikoae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Copelatus capensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1882.
 Goubinia is a very small genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Stenodus leucichthys is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae. In the strict sense its natural distribution is restricted to the Caspian Sea basin and it is known as beloribitsa. The beloribitsa is now considered extinct in the wild but survives in cultured stocks.
 The beetle-killing wasp Tiphia femorata is a species belonging to the family Tiphiidae subfamily Tiphiinae. This species is present in most of Europe the eastern Palearctic ecozone and North Africa. The adult males grow up to 5–12 mm (0.20–0.47 in) long while females reach 5–15 mm (0.20–0.59 in). The body is completely black and the tibiae and femora of the middle and rear pairs of legs are reddish-brown.
 Clathrina multiformis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Russia.
 Parartemia is a genus of fairy shrimp endemic to Australia. One species P. contracta is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List. Parartemia contains the following species:
 Oroplema simplex is a species of moth of the Uraniidae family. It is found in southern India and Sri Lanka.
 Eucyclotoma stegeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cytora aranea is a species of very small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod molluscs in the family Pupinidae.
 Sargocentron spiniferum common name Sabre Squirrelfish Giant Squirrelfish or Spiny Squirrelfish is a species of squirrelfish belonging to the family Holocentridae.
 Silverstripe Shiner (Notropis stilbius) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Mordella subobliquefasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Ammatucha longilepigera is a species of snout moths in the genus Ammatucha. It was described by Ren & Li in 2006 and is known from China.
 Herina lugubris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Cosmoclostis auxileuca is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India (Assam).
 Pilsbryspira albiguttata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Cadlina japonica is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 The Birch Tubemaker (Acrobasis betulella) is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Hulst in 1890 and is known from southeastern Canada and the United States.There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Betula species including Betula populifolia and Betula papyrifera. The species overwinters in the larval stage. Young larvae probably bore into unfolding buds. Older larvae draw several leaves together with silk and consume the margins of the leaves.
 Turritella leucostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Typhlops collaris is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Acraea mahela is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of transformed grasslands and anthropogenic environments.
 Epicausis smithiiis a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 55-62mm. The thorax is dark red the abdomen black the forwings are orange-yellow with a broad black costa.
 Quashed (foaled 1932) was a British-bred and British-trained racehorse winner of the Epsom Oaks in 1935.For many years the Verdict family was not accepted into the British Stud Book because Quashed's dam was effectively a half-bred and it was not until the 1960s era of the July Cup winner Lucasland that the family's merit persuaded the authorities to review their opinion about its eligibility.
 Aoraia dinodes is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 62–70 mm for males and about 70 mm for females. The forewing pattern is intricate or sometimes simplified fawn-brown to chocolate brown with markings in ashwhite. The hindwings are fawn to smoky brown. Adults are on wing from February to June.
 Scythrophrys sawayae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Scythrophrys.[citation needed]It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vexillum monalizae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Acheilognathus tonkinensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.
 Hyposmocoma petroscia is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Koolau Mountains.
 Turbonilla strebeli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Microgobius is a genus of gobies native to the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.
 Polyptychus nigriplaga is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from central and west Africa.The length of the forewings is 29–36 mm for males. The forewings and body are pale cinnamon to creamy clay. There is a dark mesial streak on the head and thorax and a dark dot at the base of the forewing and one at the costa near the apex.
 Plain Vagrant Buquet's Vagrant or Green-eyed Monster (Nepheronia buquetii ) is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found throughout Africa.The wingspan is 45–50 mm for males and 48–56 mm for females. Adults are on the wing year-round more common in winter months.The larvae feed on Azima tetracantha and Salvadora persica.
 Eupithecia nachadira is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Iran as well as Ukraine.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are whitish grey with light brownish grey crosslines. The hindwings are slightly paler whitish grey the basal and medial areas mottled and irrorated with brownish grey scales.
 Chauvetia bartolomeoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hemaris thysbe commonly known as the Hummingbird Clearwing is a moth of the Sphingidae (hawkmoth) family. Coloration varies between individuals but typically the moth is olive green and burgundy on its back and white or yellow and burgundy on the underside. Its wings are transparent with a reddish brown border. It has light colored legs which combined with the lack of striping on the underside is diagnostic. Beating its wings rapidly H.
 Minicymbiola is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Mordellistena atrocinctipennis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1927 by Píc.
 The Lompobattang Flycatcher (Ficedula bonthaina) also spelt Lompobatang Flycatcher is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia where it is found in Sulawesi. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The blotched sandskate (Psammobatis bergi) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Eudonia lycopodiae is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.The larvae feed on Lycopodiella cernua. They bore the stem of their host plant. It enters the stem when quite small and bores downward in the middle of the stem.
 Hypomolis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Polypedates hecticus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Xantho hydrophilus (also known as Xantho incisus and various other scientific names) is a species of crab. It is yellowish-brown and grows to a carapace width of 70 mm (2.8 in). It is a nocturnal herbivore that lives in shallow marine waters from western Scotland to the Cape Verde Islands.
 Gemmula truncata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Comitas powelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Ceralocyna margareteae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Galileo in 1994.
 Eleutherodactylus etheridgei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hellinsia hololeucos is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Chile.The wingspan is 15‑19 mm. The forewings are silvery white mixed with sparse scales with an ochreous gloss. The hindwings and fringes are silvery‑white. Adults are on wing in Februari and from October to December.The hostplant is unknown but adults have been recorded flying around Salvia species.
 Amata shirakii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Sonan in 1941. It is found in Taiwan.
 Melanerpes is a genus of woodpeckers of the family Picidae found in the New World. The name comes from Latin and means black creeper.
 Scopariopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Turrisipho moebii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Antygophanes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is a synonym of Salpis.
 Chrysomantis tristis is a species of praying mantis endemic to Nigeria.
 Candalides coerulea is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Röber in 1886. It is found on the Aru Islands and in West Irian.
 Gobiobotia is a genus of cyprinid fish that is found in eastern Asia.
 Pygmeopolia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acanthoscelides is a genus of bean weevils beetles of the subfamily Bruchinae. They are native to the New World. About one third of them can be found in Mexico.In 1946 this genus was populated with at least 322 species transferred from other genera mainly Bruchus. Some of these were later placed into other genera. Estimates of the current number of named species range from about 300 to 340 and there are over 200 undescribed species.These beetles are generally 1.1 to 3.5 millimeters long.
 Leptobarbus hosii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus.
 Heliocheilus halimolimnus is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Queensland and South Australia.The larvae possibly feed on Zygochloa paradoxa.
 Euproserpinus is a genus of sphinx moth in the Sphingidae family.
 Philautus similis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ocinara is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 Agelena atlantea is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Fage in 1938. It is commonly found in Morocco.
 The Red-throated Piping Guan (Pipile cujubi) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Brazil where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Coleophora hinnula is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The Northern Mockingbird (Mimus polyglottos) is the only mockingbird commonly found in North America. This bird is mainly a permanent resident but northern birds may move south during harsh weather. This species has rarely been observed in Europe.This species was first described by Linnaeus in his Systema Naturæ in 1758 as Turdus polyglottos.
 The ashy-gray tube-nosed bat (Murina cineracea) is a species in the vesper bat family Vespertilionidae found in southern Asia including Pakistan northern India Burma Thailand Laos and Vietnam. They have tube-shaped nostrils (hence the name) which assist them with their feeding.The ashy-gray bat is one of 126 new species found in the Greater Mekong region during 2011.
 Stymbara is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Megalorhipida leptomeres is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Tanzania South Africa La Réunion Madagascar the Seychelles Oman and Yemen.
 Carabus blaptoides blaptoides is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Japan.
 Elysius joiceyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Talbot in 1928. It is found in Brazil.
 Cotinis impia is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Prochilodus magdalenae is a tropical freshwater fish from Colombia. It is found in the Atrato Sinú Cauca and Magdalena Rivers. It has been measured to reach 30 cm (12 in) and reported to reach up to 50 cm (20 in). They have a growing role in fisheries.
 Carmenta arizonae is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Beutenmüller in 1898. It is known from Arizona.
 Cacique (foaled 2001 in Ireland) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in Europe and the United States. Bred and raced by Khalid Abdullah's Juddmonte Farms Cacique is the son of the great international Champion sire Danehill. He was out of the fantastic mare Hasili whose damsire Kahyasi won the 1988 Epsom and Irish Derbys.
 Chelicorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising the following species:Chelicorophium chelicorne (G. O. Sars 1895)Chelicorophium curvispinum (G. O. Sars 1895)Chelicorophium madrasensis (Nayar 1950)Chelicorophium maeoticum (Sowinsky 1898)Chelicorophium monodon (G. O. Sars 1895)Chelicorophium muconatum (G. O. Sars 1895)Chelicorophium nobile (G. O. Sars 1895)Chelicorophium robustum (G. O. Sars 1895)Chelicorophium sowinsky (Martynov 1924)Chelicorophium spinulosum (G. O.
 Melanochromis robustus is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can reach a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) TL.
 Zeadmete verheckeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.The specific name verheckeni is in honor of Belgian malacologist André Verhecken.
 The Blackstart (Cercomela melanura) is a chat found in desert regions in North Africa the Middle East and the Arabian Peninsula.It is a 14–16 cm long bird named for its black tail which is frequently fanned; the rest of its plumage is bluish-grey or grey-brown (North African races being browner Middle Eastern races bluer). The sexes are similar but the male on average has blacker lores.
 The American Robin (Turdus migratorius) also known as the robin is a migratory songbird of the thrush family. It is named after the European Robin because of its reddish-orange breast though the two species are not closely related with the European robin belonging to the flycatcher family. The American Robin is widely distributed throughout North America wintering from southern Canada to central Mexico and along the Pacific Coast.
 The Clapperton's Francolin (Pternistis clappertoni) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Eritrea Ethiopia Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Sudan and Uganda.
 Maguda is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Proutiella infans is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is only known from in lowland Amazonia in Brazil.
 Tentaspina orienta is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia (it was described from eastern Java).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewings are brown but black at the base of the costa and the upper medial area. There are small black dots subapically on the costa. The crosslines are weakly defined except for the dark brown waved subterminal line and the fringes. The terminal line is indicated by black interveinal dots. The hindwings are grey.
 The Japanese giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia japonica) is a subspecies of the Asian giant hornet (V. mandarinia). It is a large insect and adults can be more than 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) long with a wingspan greater than 6 centimetres (2.4 in). It has a large yellow head with large eyes and a dark brown thorax with an abdomen banded in brown and yellow. The Japanese giant hornet has three small simple eyes on the top of the head between the two large compound eyes.
 Barrett's Glass Frog or Nymphargus pluvialis is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family formerly placed in Cochranella.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and plantations.Its conservation status is unclear.It was named after the famed biologist Edward V. Barrett.
 Conus paulae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Monomorium santschii is a species of ant that is native to Tunisia. The most famous species in the Monomorium genus is the highly invasive Pharaoh Ant Monomorium Pharaonis.It is a parasitic ant that has no worker caste. The queen enters the colony of a different species and probably by employing a pheromone she forces the host workers to kill their queen. She then uses these workers as slaves to bring up her own offspring.
 Tenthredopsis scutellaris a Common Sawfly is a species belonging to the family Tenthredinidae subfamily Tenthrediniinae. It is mainly present in British Isles France Germany Italy Austria Switzerland Poland and Romania.It can be encountered from May through June feeding on nectar and pollen of flowers (especially on Apiaceae species). The larvae are polyphagous on a variety of herbaceus plants.
 Polypterus is a genus of freshwater fish in the bichir family (Polypteridae) of order Polypteriformes. The type species is the Nile bichir (P. bichir). Fishes in this genus live in various areas in Africa (as the species' common names would indicate). The etymology of the genus name derives from a combination of the Greek prefix πολυ- poly- (many) and the root word πτερον pteron (wing or fin) – many fins. Polypterus is the only discovered vertebrate to have lungs but no trachea.
 The Golden-chevroned Tanager (Thraupis ornata) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Protungulatum ('first ungulate') is an extinct genus of mammal first found in the Bug Creek Anthills in northeastern Montana. The Bug Creek Anthills were initially believed to be Late Cretaceous (latest Maastrichtian) because of the presence of the remains of non-avian dinosaurs and common Cretaceous mammals but these were later shown to have been reworked from Late Cretaceous strata and consequently the Bug Creek Anthills are currently believed to be Early Paleocene (Puercan) in age.
 Rivetina parva is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 The White-winged Lark (Melanocorypha leucoptera) is a species of lark found in central Asia from the Caucasus east across temperate southern Asia and Kazakhstan. It is partially migratory with birds tending to move south in winter. The southernmost birds are mainly resident. It is a very rare vagrant to western Europe.
 Boraras micros is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Boraras.
 Ancylosis citrinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in Algeria.The wingspan is 8 mm.
 Chrostosoma trimaculatum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Peru.
 Alphaea florescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1879. It is found in eastern India (Sikkim Assam) and Nepal.
 Euderces is a genus of cerambycid beetles.Many members of this New World genus are ant mimics. E. velutinus is a tropical species closely resembling the common ant species Camponotus sericeiventris. Most species are smaller than 5 mm.
 The Island Swiftlet also known as the Micronesian Swiftlet or Caroline Islands Swiftlet (Aerodramus inquietus) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family. Some taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies of the Uniform Swiftlet. It is endemic to the Caroline Islands and its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Kurasawatrechus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Kurasawatrechus aberrans Ueno 1978 Kurasawatrechus agiensis Ueno 1975 Kurasawatrechus brevicornis Ueno 1979 Kurasawatrechus chinchiro Ueno 1974 Kurasawatrechus endogaeus Ueno & Baba 1965 Kurasawatrechus eriophorus Yoshida & Nomura 1952 Kurasawatrechus fujisanus Ueno 1971 Kurasawatrechus glabratus Ueno & Namkung 1968 Kurasawatrechus glabriventris Ueno 1974 Kurasawatrechus grandis Ueno 1973 Kurasawatrechus gujoensis Ueno 1974 Kurasawatrechus hirakei Ueno 1979 Kurasawatrechus ichihashii Ueno 1959 Kurasawatrechus intermedius Ueno 1988 Kurasawatrechus katoi Ueno 1959 Kurasawatrechus kawaguchii Ueno 1973 Kurasawatrechus kyokoae Ueno & Baba 1974 Kurasawatrechus latior Ueno & Namkung 1968 Kurasawatrechus longipes Ueno & Namkung 1968 Kurasawatrechus longulus Ueno 1973 Kurasawatrechus matsuii Ueno 1999 Kurasawatrechus moritai Ueno 1979 Kurasawatrechus nishikawai Ueno 1993 Kurasawatrechus notsuii Ueno 1983 Kurasawatrechus ohkawai Ueno 1988 Kurasawatrechus ohshimai Ueno 1952 Kurasawatrechus quadraticollis Ueno 1974 Kurasawatrechus ryugashiensis Ueno 1988 Kurasawatrechus setiger Ueno & Namkung 1968 Kurasawatrechus sonei Ueno 1992 Kurasawatrechus spelaeus Ueno 1958 Kurasawatrechus tanakai Ueno 1974 Kurasawatrechus torigaii Ueno 1973 Kurasawatrechus yadai Ueno & Kitayama 2005 Kurasawatrechus yamizonis Ueno 1988 Kurasawatrechus zenbai Ueno 1990↑
 Pseudopaludicola canga is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Pisidium fultoni is a species of bivalve in the Sphaeriidae family. It is endemic to central Tasmania and Australia. It has been recorded in several freshwater locations including Arthurs Lake Lake Sorrell Lake Butters Lake Malbena Lake Olive and Lake Nugetena.
 Glyphipterix metron is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1948. It is found on Buru.
 Empis bistortae is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It is found from the Benelux south to the Iberian Peninsula and east to Ukraine. It is not found in Italy and on the Balkan Peninsula.
 Mycteroplus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anaxarcha is a genus of praying mantis in the family Acromantinae.
 Leucaloa eugraphica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is known from South Africa and Lesotho.The larvae feed on Thunbergia alata Heliotropium sp. Lonicera sempervirens Tagetes erecta and Acacia mearnsii
 Caloptilia infaceta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Bebearia fulgurata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mongala Uele north Kivu Tshopo Kinshasa and Lomami).
 The Common Sunbird-Asity or Sunbird Asity (Neodrepanis coruscans) is a species of bird in the Philepittidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Mohnia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Parapterois macrura is a species of scorpionfish only found off the west coast of India.
 Gauna is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1866.
 The Yucatán Mushroomtongue Salamander (Bolitoglossa yucatana) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Belize and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhabdosargus sarba is a species of fish in the seabream family Sparidae.
 Melanochromis baliodigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the area around Membe Point in areas where sandy bottoms meet up with rocky areas. This species can grow to a length of 6.7 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Broilius is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Oriental Leafworm Moth Spodoptera litura is a Noctuid moth which is considered as an agricultural pest. It is also known as the Cluster caterpillar Cotton leafworm Tobacco cutworm and Tropical armyworm. It is found in the Indo-Australian tropics. It is also established on most Polynesian islands where it occurs in a variety of island forms.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants and has been recorded from over 40 mostly dicotyledonous plant families. It is a major pest of many crops.
 The Sakhalin Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus borealoides) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.It is found in Japan and Russia.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Lernaeopodidae is a family of parasitic copepods. The females are typically large and fleshy and attach to the host permanently using a plug made of chitin called the bulla. The males cling on to the females using their antennae. The family contains the following genera:
 Holcaspis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Holcaspis abdita Johns 2003 Holcaspis algida Britton 1940 Holcaspis angustula (Chaudoir 1865) Holcaspis bathana Butcher 1984 Holcaspis bessabica Johns 2003 Holcaspis bidentella Johns 2003 Holcaspis brevicula Butcher 1984 Holcaspis brouniana (Sharp 1886) Holcaspis catenulata Broun 1882 Holcaspis delator (Broun 1893) Holcaspis dentifera (Broun 1880) Holcaspis egregialis (Broun 1917) Holcaspis elongella (White 1846) Holcaspis falcis Butcher 1984 Holcaspis hispida (Broun 1877) Holcaspis hudsoni Britton 1940 Holcaspis impigra Broun 1886 Holcaspis implica Butcher 1984 Holcaspis intermittens (Chaudoir 1865) Holcaspis mordax Broun 1886 Holcaspis mucronata Broun 1886 Holcaspis obvelata Johns 2003 Holcaspis odontella (Broun 1908) Holcaspis oedicnema Bates 1874 Holcaspis ohauensis Butcher 1984 Holcaspis ovatella (Chaudoir 1865) Holcaspis placida Broun 1881 Holcaspis sinuiventris (Broun 1908) Holcaspis sternalis Broun 1881 Holcaspis stewartensis Butcher 1984 Holcaspis subaenea (Guerin-Meneville 1841) Holcaspis suteri (Broun 1893) Holcaspis tripunctata Butcher 1984 Holcaspis vagepunctata (White 1846) Holcaspis vexata (Broun 1908)↑
 Paraceratherium also commonly known as Indricotherium or Baluchitherium (see taxonomic discussion below) is an extinct genus of gigantic hornless rhinoceros-like mammals of the family Hyracodontidae endemic to Eurasia and Asia during the Oligocene epoch. It was first discovered in 1910 in Balochistan of what is now Pakistan hence the name during an expedition by the English paleontologist and Cambridge University Museum of Zoology director Sir Clive Forster Cooper.
 Axonoceras is a genus in the ammonitid family Nostoceratidae proposed by Stephenson in 1941 for slender shells coiled in a plane with numerous closely spaced ribs and two rows of ventral nodes'...The shells may be closely coiled though not involute but most... are more or less loosely and irregularly coiled. Shells may be coplanar or coiled in a low flat spiral with the early whorls in contact later whorls free.
 The sicklefishes are perciform fishes of the genus Drepane the only genus in the family Drepaneidae. They are found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans and in the eastern Atlantic near Africa. The family has also been named Drepanidae but that name is preoccupied by a family of hook-tip moths.
 Heterodera trifolii is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Alvania plauciusi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Limacinae are a taxonomic subfamily of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Limacidae.
 The Giant Petaltail Petalura ingentissima has been described as the world's largest dragonfly with a wingspan of 160 mm. It is found in Queensland Australia.Dr R.J. Tillyard described the giant petaltail in 1908. Its species name is derived from the Latin adjective ingens huge. It is one of five species in the Australian genus Petalura.A large heavily built dragonfly the giant petaltail has a black body with some yellow markings.
 Hecatera fixseni is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Egypt Israel Armenia Iran Turkmenistan Afghanistan and Pakistan.Adults are on wing from March to April in Israel generally it is a bivoltine species flying in spring and autumn.
 Chrysomyza flavipes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Chrysomyza of the family Tephritidae.
 Hyposmocoma municeps is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Maui. The type locality is Olinda where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Calathus micropterus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania Andorra Greece Hungary Moldova Monaco Portugal San Marino Spain Vatican City all states of former Yugoslavia (except Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina) and various islands.
 Cicindela trifasciata sigmoidea commonly called the mudflat tiger beetle is a species of tiger beetle.The specimen shown in the picture was raised in captivity in Pasadena California an inland city. Its parents were captured at the Mugu Naval Base marsh in Ventura California in 2003 (for a UCLA Masters thesis). This species of tiger beetle was found to be rare in 1982 by a study conducted by the Los Angeles County Natural History Museum.
 Palaestes is a genus of beetles in the family Cucujidae. It contains eight currently recognized species. Like all members of the Cucujidae adults are greatly dorso-ventrally compressed. All known species of Palaestes are brightly-colored red or yellow and black and the males have curiously modified mandibles that look like ice tongs; female mandibles are not modified.
 Hollandichthys multifasciatus is a species of characin native to tropical South America. It inhabits coastal rivers of southern Brazil where it occurs from the state of Rio de Janeiro to the state of Rio Grande do Sul. It has also been reported to occur in Uruguay.This species can reach 9.6 cm (3.8 in) in standard length. It has been reported to feed on insects (both aquatic and terrestrial) decapods oligochaetes spiders and plant material.
 Evorthodus is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic coast from Chesapeake Bay USA to northern South America and along the Pacific coast of Panama and Ecuador.
 The Imbabura tree frog Hypsiboas picturatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Eastern angelshark (Squatina albipunctata) is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae.
 Barsinella asuroides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana.
 Vexillum giselae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Pammeces problema is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1915. It is found in Colombia.
 Eupithecia phaiosata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Calosima arguta is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in South Africa.The length of the forewings is 6.7–7 mm. The scales on the forewings are brown or dark brown tipped with white intermixed with pale brown scales some tipped with white. The hindwings are pale brown slightly darkening towards the apex.
 Peucephila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cenocrinus is a monotypic genus of stalked crinoids in the family Isselicrinidae. The great West Indian sea lily (Cenocrinus asterius) is the only species in the genus and is found in deep waters in the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
 The Grey-chested Dove (Leptotila cassinii) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Belize Colombia Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Acrotomia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acossus terebra is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Eurasia including Israel Turkey northern Spain central and southern Europe southern Sweden Finland the Baltic region Ukraine the central part of European Russia the Caucasus southern Siberia (including the Altai and Sayan Mountains) to southern Yakutia the southern part of the Russian Far East Korea Heilongjiang Jilin and inner Mongolia.The wingspan is 55–64 mm.
 Nesamblyops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Nesamblyops oreobius (Broun 1893) Nesamblyops subcaecus (Sharp 1886)↑
 Thuridilla lineolata is a species of sea slug a sacoglossan a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae. It is an Indo-Pacific species that lives in or near coral reefs and eats algae.
 Panthiades phaleros the Phaleros Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Mexico to Brazil.
 The Lumbriculidae are a family of microdrile oligochaetes common in freshwater environments including streams lakes marshes wells and groundwater. They should not be confused with the earthworm family Lumbricidae. Many species and genera are highly endemic mainly in Siberia and the western parts of North America. Lumbriculidae are the only family in the order Lumbriculida.The family currently contains:
 Tricleidus is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from only specimen (BMNH R3539) from the middle Jurassic of United Kingdom. It was first named by Andrews in 1909 and the type species is Tricleidus seeleyi.
 Myriozoisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Rhesalistis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Carphontes paradoxus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne and Monne in 2010 and is known from Venezuela.
 Chiloglanis batesii is a species of upside-down catfish found widely in Western and Central Africa. This species grows to a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) TL.
 Sphictostethus nitidus the golden hunter wasp or red spider wasp is a species of pepsid spider wasp which is endemic to New Zealand.
 Daphnella radula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cathayia insularum is a species of snout moth in the genus Cathayia. It was described by Speidel and Schmitz in 1991 and is known from Spain Malta and the Canary Islands.The larvae have been recorded feeding on the inflorescence of Phoenix canariensis and Phoenix dactylifera
 Bursa corrugata  common name the gaudy frog shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.The subspecies Bursa corrugata lineata Nowell-Usticke 1959 has vecome a synonym of Bursa granularis (Röding 1798)
 Anthene lucretilis the Irrorated Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.The larval hostplant is unknown but the larvae are known to be associated with the ant species Crematogaster buchneri race winkleri Crematogaster buchneri race alligatrix and Pheidole rotundata.
 Provanna muricata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Zaireichthys flavomaculatus is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only found in the Lulua River. It reaches a length of 3.9 cm. The humeral process of the pectoral girdle is moderately long with poorly developed or fine denticulations.
 Pygospila tyres is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in the rainforests of south-east Asia including Hong Kong India Thailand and Queensland in Australia.
 Aonchotheca forresteri is a parasitic nematode that infects the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) in Florida. Occurring mainly in adults it inhabits the stomach. It is much more common during the wet season perhaps because its unknown intermediate host is an earthworm that only emerges when it rains. The worm was discovered in 1970 and formally described in 1987. Originally classified in the genus Capillaria it was reclassified in Aonchotheca in 1999. A.
 Mordellistena paraepisternalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1965 and can be found in countries such as Greece Bulgaria and Spain.
 Pilodeudorix infuscata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Nigeria the Republic of Congo Uganda (from the western part of the country to Bwamba) and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Djadochtatherium is a mammal genus that lived in Mongolia during the Upper Cretaceous. It coexisted with some of the late dinosaurs. This animal was a member of the extinct order of Multituberculata. It is within the suborder of Cimolodonta and a member of the family Djadochtatheriidae. It was named by Simpson G.G. in 1925 the name meaning Djadokhta beast.The species Djadochtatherium matthewi was also named by Simpson G.G.
 Odostomia aleutica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Barbatula nuda is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbatula.
 Limnaecia triplaneta is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Bathycranium is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Aparallactus modestus or the western forest centipede-eater is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family
 Desmognathus is a genus of lungless salamanders known as dusky salamanders ranging from Eastern USA to Southeastern Canada.
 Pentila rogersi Rogers’ Pentila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of coastal forests and lowland forests at altitudes ranging from sea level to 900 metres.
 Phyllocnistis helicodes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Bihar India. The hostplant for the species is Polyalthia longifolia.
 Eois semirubra is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Habronattus coecatus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family that can be found in Mexico the United States and Bermuda.
 Eupithecia rosalia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of Araucania (Malleco Province) and Los Lagos (Valdivia and Osorno provinces) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Northern Valdivian Forest and Valdivian Forest biotic provinces.The length of the forewings is about 8.5–10 mm for males and 9 mm for females.
 Sceptrophasma hispidulum commonly known as the Andaman islands Stick Insect is a species of the stick insect family. It originates from the Andaman Islands and is commonly found in tropical forests there. They eat a variety of foliage though in captivity they commonly eat blackberry bramble hawthorn oak rose and lettuce. The species has the Phasmid Study Group number PSG183.
 Macrepistius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Albian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Endolasia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by .
 Vertigo extima is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 The Vieillot's Black Weaver (Ploceus nigerrimus) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.This bird is named after the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot.
 Gnathothlibus fijiensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Fiji.The length of the forewings is 38-41 mm for males and 40-44 for females. It is similar to Gnathothlibus eras Gnathothlibus saccoi and Gnathothlibus vanuatuensis but distinguishable by the distinctive olive green ground colour of the forewing upperside and the mauve outer edge to the tegula in the males.
 Prunum cahuitaensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Paraplatyptilia sahlbergi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in northern Russia (the South Siberian mountains) and China.The wingspan is about 25 millimetres (0.98 in). The forewings are greyish-white and the hindwings are grey.
 Yinoceras is a genus belonging to the yicoceratin subfamily of the Pseudohaloritidae a family of the goniatitid order of extinct ammonoids. The shell of Yinoceras is involute small to intermediate in size subglobular or thickly discoidal with a very small umbilicus convex flanks and rounded venter. The surface is usually marked by weak constrictions and is characterized at maturity by coarse transverse ribs that bifurcale or sometimes trifurcate.
 Stilla anomala is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Cyprus dwarf elephant (Palaeoloxodon cypriotes) is an extinct species of elephant related to the living Asian elephant.
 Insizwa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Anthidium edwini is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Manipur moustached caecilian Ichthyophis moustakius is a species of amphibian in the family Ichthyophiidae found in Manipur in India.Its common name stems from the narrow yellow lines from the tentacles to the nares which resemble a moustache.
 Callicore mionina is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family sometimes treated as a subspecies of Callicore lyca (Callicore lyca mionina).
 Xalitla is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Xalitla azteca Lane 1959 Xalitla genuina Martins 1970 Xalitla lezamai Galileo & Martins 2008 Xalitla punctatissima Martins 1970↑
 Tropidomyrmex is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Tropidomyrmex elianae.
 Elysius ruffin is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in French Guyana Brazil Venezuela Ecuador and Peru.
 Oenomaus geba is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in lower montane forests in southern Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Prethopalpus is a spider genus known as Goblin Spiders and are found in the Australasian tropics including Nepal India Indonesia Papua New Guinea and Australia. Three species are widely distributed whereas the majority of species are recorded a single localities. Of the 41 species 14 blind troglobite species live in subterranean eceosystems in Western Australia.
 Exelastis sarcochroa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Tatinga thibetana is only species in the butterfly genus Tatinga of the Nymphalidae family found in Asia.
 Lemyra melanochroa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in southern India (Tamil Nadu: Nilgiris).
 The Hodgsons's brown-toothed shrew (Episoriculus caudatus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in China India and Myanmar.
 Euphaedra persephona is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon (the Douala region).
 Coleophora aculeata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The Hermit Warbler (Setophaga occidentalis) is a small perching bird. It is a species of New World warbler.Mature Hermit Warblers normally grow to be 4½ to 5 inches long. Hermit Warblers are dark gray in coloration on top and white below and their flanks are streaked with black. The wings have two diagonal white wing bars.
 Turbonilla westermanni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Phyllocnistis magnoliaeella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from the United States (Florida Georgia Louisiana Virginia Kentucky Maryland New Jersey and New York). The hostplants for the species include Magnolia acuminata Magnolia grandiflora Magnolia grandiflora Magnolia umbrella and Magnolia virginiana.
 Charaxes richelmanni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 Hypolycaena schubotzi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1923. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Ridge Wood (1946–1956) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1949. The colt was rejected by his prospective owner as a yearling and failed to win as a two-year-old in 1948. Even after winning five of his first six races as a three-year-old he was not regarded as a top-class performer even by his trainer who only ran him in the St Leger when a more fancied stable companion was injured.
 Blanford's Mabuya Eutropis innotata is a species of skink found in peninsular India.
 Ophthalmis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Double-banded Plover (Charadrius bicinctus) known as the Banded Dotterel in New Zealand is a small (18 cm) wader in the plover family of birds. It lives in beaches mud flats grasslands and on bare ground.
 Fire ant is the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis. They are however only a minority in the genus which includes over 285 species of Solenopsis worldwide. Solenopsis are stinging ants and most of their common names reflect this for example ginger ants and tropical fire ants. Many species also are called red ants because of their light brown colour though species of ants in many other genera are similarly named for similar reasons.
 Eucosmophora schinusivora is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).The larvae feed on Schinus terebinthifolus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Murex balkeanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mantidactylus betsileanus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Proceratophrys bigibbosa is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina and Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The barred sand bass Paralabrax nebulifer is a type of sea bass that lives mainly off the coast of California.
 Copelatus mocquerysi is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1895.
 Nebria arcensis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 The Pecan Nut Casebearer (Acrobasis nuxvorella) is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in eastern New Mexico Texas Oklahoma Louisiana Missouri southern Illinois Mississippi Alabama Florida Georgia South Carolina North Carolina.The larva feed on Carya illinoensis. It is the most damaging insect pest of pecans in Texas. The larvae feed first on buds below the cluster then attack the nuts. They enter the nuts by cutting a circular hole in the base.
 Banks Hill (foaled February 24 1998 in England) was a French Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. She was bred and raced by Khalid Abdullah's Juddmonte Farms. She was sired by Danehill a multiple Champion sire in England Ireland and France and the most successful sire in the history of Australian Thoroughbred racing. Her dam was the outstanding broodmare Hasili whose sire Kahyasi won the 1988 Irish and Epsom Derbys. Banks Hill is a full sister to Cacique Intercontinental and Champs Elysees.
 The Water Hairstreak (Euaspa milionia) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 The hooded skunk (Mephitis macroura) is a species of mammal in the family Mephitidae. Mephit in Latin means foul odor and macr in Greek translates to large and oura translates to tail.
 Sarcophaga haemorrhoidalis also known as the red-tailed flesh fly is a fly in the Sarcophagidae family. This fly often breeds in carrion and feces making it a possible vector for disease. The larvae of this species can cause myiasis as well as accidental myiasis. It is potentially useful in forensic entomology.
 Ctenusa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Grapsus is a genus of lightfoot crabs comprising the following species:Grapsus albolineatus Latreille in Milbert 1812Grapsus adscensionis (Osbeck 1765)Grapsus fourmanoiri Crosnier 1965Grapsus grapsus (Linnaeus 1758)Grapsus granulosus H. Milne-Edwards 1853Grapsus intermedius De Man 1888Grapsus longitarsus Dana 1851Grapsus tenuicrustatus (Herbst 1783)↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 Micropterix eatoniella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Heath in 1986. It is only known from the type locality Annaba in Algeria.
 Euthyone perbella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Trachymetopon is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth.
 Eumetriochroa miyatai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū Shikoku Kyūshū).The wingspan is 6.1–9 mm for the vernal form and 5.7-6.9 mm for the aestival form.
 The Brazilian Horned Frog (Ceratophrys aurita) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and ponds.
 Abronia deppii is an endangered arboreal alligator lizard described in 1828 by Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann. It is found in the mountains of Morelos Mexico.
 Ricla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xerolenta is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Hygromiidae the harry snails and their allies.
 Cochylimorpha monstrabilis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mongolia.Its specific name monstrābilis means ‘remarkable noteworthy’from the Latin mōnstrāre ‘to show’ and -ābilis ‘worthy of’.
 Painted Sawtooth Prioneris sita is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India.
 Clathrina soyo is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Japan.
 Auriculoceryx is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Sepsidae are a family of flies commonly called the black scavenger flies or ensign flies. There are approximately 250 species worldwide. They are usually found around dung or decaying plant and animal material. Many species resemble ants having a waist and glossy black body. Many Sepsidae have a curious wing-waving habit made more apparent by dark patches at the wing end.Many species have a very wide distribution reflecting the coprophagous habit of most Sepsidae.
 Cosmosoma dorsimacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1898. It is found in Ecuador.
 Cyana rejecta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Sierra Leone South Africa Tanzania Gambia and Uganda.
 Zabrus hellenicus is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
 Thestius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Geoffroy's tamarin (Saguinus geoffroyi) also known as the Panamanian red-crested or rufous-naped tamarin is a tamarin a type of small monkey found in Panama and Colombia. It is predominantly black and white with a reddish nape. Diurnal Geoffroy's tamarin spends most of its time in trees but does come down to the ground occasionally. It lives in groups that most often number between three and five individuals and generally include one or more adults of each gender.
 Copelatus descarpentriesi is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bertrand & Legros in 1975.
 Caffristis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Paracapperia anatolicus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Greece Asia Minor and Syria. There are also records from Spain and Romania but these seem doubtful.
 Lambis millepeda common name the millipede spider conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Fabresema suffusa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Euphaedra procera is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the southern part of the Central African Republic the northern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and western Uganda.
 Daphnia barbata is a species of water flea within the family Daphniidae. It occurs in several places within Africa including Lake Chad in northwest Africa and in the Makgadikgadi Pan in Botswana.
 Modunga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lachana alpherakii is a species of moth of the family Lymantriidae. It is found in the high mountains of Central Asia including Tibet and China.The wingspan is 22–27 mm. The head thorax and abdomen are covered with long silky hairs mostly intense dark brown with yellowish. It is a very variable species. The wings are mostly yellow with dark brown bands. The basal area of the forewing is yellow lightly mixed with brown scales. The internal bands are dark brown.
 Jiaodontus is an extinct genus of lonchidiid cartilaginous fish which existed in Liuhuanggou Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region northwestern China during the late Jurassic (Oxfordian age). Fossils have been found in the Qigu Formation China. It was first named by Stefanie Klug Thomas Tütken Oliver Wings Hans-Ulrich Pfretzschner and Thomas Martin in 2010 and the type species is Jiaodontus montaltissimus.
 Trypeta baccharis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Agonum is a large genus of ground beetles in the subfamily Harpalinae tribe Platynini. They are mid-sized to smallish beetles typically with dark metallic hues – often reddish or bronze but sometimes black green etc.The genus is generally native to the Holarctic and the Mediterranean region; their southern limit in Central Asia and the Himalaya region is less well understood and they seem to range outward a bit out of their core regions (e.g.
 The Brimstone Canary or Bully Canary (Serinus sulphuratus) is a small passerine bird in the finch family. It is a resident breeder in central and southern Africa.This species is found in open lightly wooded habitats such as hillsides with trees or scrub and forest edges. In South Africa it occurs mainly in coastal areas inhabiting coastal bush shrubs along streams gardens and areas with rank vegetation. It is not truly migratory but undertakes some seasonal movements.
 The Lichen Case-bearer (Dahlica lichenella) is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in Europe and has also been recorded in North America.The wingspan is 13–16 mm for males. They have dark wings with lighter grey spots. Females are wingless. Adults are on wing from March to April or the beginning of May in western Europe.The larvae feed on lichen algae and plant remains from within a case. The case is covered in granules of sand lichen and/or algae.
 Alcithoe tigrina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Madagascan pygmy shrew (Suncus madagascariensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is the only known Malagasy shrew. Some taxonomists regard it as conspecific with the widely distributed Etruscan shrew the smallest known mammal by mass. It is found in Madagascar and the Comoros at altitudes from sea level to 1500 m. It is thought to be more common in the less humid western and southern parts of Madagascar. This shrew may also be present on Socotra.
 Metarctia nigricornis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Debauche in 1942. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Vietnamese Cutia (Cutia legalleni) is a bird species in the family Leiothrichidae. It is found in Laos and Vietnam.It was long considered a subspecies of the Himalayan Cutia (C. nipalensis) making the genus Cutia monotypic. In recent times it is more often elevated to full species status.Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests.
 Psilogramma rupprechtorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Kalimantan in Indonesia.
 Eulygris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Hysterura.
 Hinea is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Planaxidae.
 Parachaetolopha nepenthes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Phenacolepadidae is a family of small sea snails or false limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005.Although the shell shape of genera in this family is that of a limpet the family is in fact closely related to the Neritidae the nerites.
 Corporate Report (foaled in Kentucky in May 1988) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. A descendant of Damascus he was sired by Private Account by breeder Equigroup Thoroughbreds. Corporate Report was a grade one stakes winning millionaire who won the Travers Stakes and finished second to dual classic winner Hansel in the 1991 Preakness Stakes.
 Bassipterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
 Araniella cucurbitina sometimes called the cucumber green spider is a spider of the family Araneidae. Females grow up to 6 millimetres (0.24 in) males only up to 4 mm (0.16 in). The spider is mainly found on forest clearings where it weaves its orb-web between leaves and flowers. These webs are only about 100 mm (3.9 in) in diameter.This spider does not use a hideout because it is camouflaged by its green colour. Adult spiders first show this colour in spring.
 Hemitoma octoradiata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Fusinus cinereus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae.
 Procletus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Procletus aethiopicus Kirschenhofer 2003 Procletus biarticulatus (Burgeon 1935) Procletus comoensis Kirschenhofer 2008 Procletus cryptomydis Basilewsky 1950 Procletus gabunensis Kirschenhofer 2008 Procletus minor Basilewsky 1950 Procletus pretorianus (Peringuey 1926) Procletus singularis Peringuey 1896 Procletus subniger Kirschenhofer 2008 Procletus tanzaniensis Kirschenhofer 2003 Procletus werneri Kirschenhofer 2008↑
 Gymnothorax maderensis is a moray eel found in the eastern and western Atlantic ocean. It was first named by Johnson in 1862 and is commonly known as the Sharktooth moray.
 Cheilotoma is a genus of beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae of the leaf beetles family.
 The Sooty-capped Hermit (Phaethornis augusti) is a hummingbird from Venezuela Colombia Guyana and Brazil. It builds one of the most remarkable nests which hangs by a single stout cable of spiders' silk from some overhead support. These curious nests have been found beneath bridges in highway culverts and hanging from the roof inside dark buildings. As far as is known most other hermits build rather similar nests.The binomial commemorates the French entomologist Auguste Sallé.
 Yumbera is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Plinthocoelium cobaltinum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by LeConte in 1873.
 Asaphiscus is a genus of trilobite that lived in the Cambrian. Its remains have been found in Australia and North America especially in Utah.
 Mydaea ancilla is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 Enneapterygius tutuilae known commonly as the High-hat triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Jordan and Seale in 1906.
 Stigmella heteromelis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 5-6.5 mm. The larvae feed on Heteromeles species including Heteromeles arbutifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Norfolk Pacific Robin (Petroica multicolor multicolor) also known as the Norfolk Island Scarlet Robin or Norfolk Island Robin is a small bird in the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. It is the nominate subspecies of the Pacific Robin (Petroica multicolor) that is endemic to Norfolk Island an Australian territory in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
 Rayonnoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus that lived around 325 million years ago during the Carboniferous which although resembling earlier actinocerids is now though to belong to the Pseudorthocerida Rayonnoceras is characterized by large to very large straight shells with a large subcentral siphuncle composed of subglobular segments as for the family. The endosiphuncular canal system is well devoloped and most chambers are filled with organic deposits.
 Argnidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
 Dermomurex worsfoldi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Veniliodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Orcula fuchsi is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orculidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Pituophis catenifer deserticola commonly known as the Great Basin gopher snake is a subspecies of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to the western part of the United States and adjacent southwestern Canada.
 Anthophila bidzilyai is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Budashkin in 1997. It is found in Russia.
 Lasiogyia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Bittium watsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Sigara stagnalis is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 Perittia weberella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Switzerland.There are probably two generations per year.The larvae feed on Lonicera xylosteum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a corridor abruptly widening into (and often overrun by) a blotch. The frass fills the corridor but in the blotch it is distributed along the sides. Up to three mines may be found in a single leaf. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Black-and-white colobuses (or colobi) ad their offspring. Newborn colobuses are completely white. Cases of allomothering are documented which means members of the troop other than the infant's biological mother care for it.Colobuses are important for seed dispersal through their sloppy eating habits as well as through their digestive systems.
 Phtheochroa duponchelana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Portugal southern France Italy Sicily Malta Crete Albania former Yugoslavia southern Hungary the Republic of Macedonia Greece Asia Minor Lebanon Syria Morocco and Algeria.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to May and in July.The larvae feed on Acanthus spinosus.
 Vidumelon is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 Kermia pyrgodea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Amphimallon majale is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Belgium France Italy Kosovo Montenegro Serbia Spain the Netherlands and Voivodina.
 Lobocla liliana commonly called Marbled Flat is a hesperiid butterfly which is found in Asia.
 Handley's tailless bat (Anoura cultrata) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Bolivia Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Panama Peru and Venezuela.
 Palaeosabatinca is an extinct genus of small primitive metallic moths within the family Micropterigidae containing one species Palaeosabatinca zherichini . It is known from Russia. The fossil remains are dated to the Lower Cretaceous.
 Alucita zumkehri is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Gielis in 2009. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 The Indian Vagabond Butterflyfish Chaetodon decussatus is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the Indo-West Pacific from the Maldives via India Sri Lanka and the Andaman Sea to the westernmost portion of the Indonesian archipelago.Growing to a maximum of 20 cm (nearly 8 in) long it is found on rich coral reefs and also on rubble and rocky areas.
 Hypsotropa endorhoda is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Zimbabwe.
 The Ryukyu shrew (Crocidura orii) also known as Orii's shrew is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Japan. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dysschema sacrifica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Brave Inca (foaled 20 April 1998) is a retired Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career lasted from March 2002 until April 2009 the ran thirty-five times and won 15 races ten of them at Grade I level. including the 2006 Champion Hurdle. From 2005 until he was retired Brava Inca ran sixteen successive Grade I races.
 Alopecosa strandi is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Romania and Ukraine.
 Gyriscus asteleformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae known as the staircase shells or sundials.
 Nefundella distractor is a species of snout moths in the genus Nefundella. It is found in Puerto Rico.
 Cochranella punctulata is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Pediciinae are a subfamily of flies in the family Pediciidae closely related to Tipulidae (true craneflies). There are about 450 species worldwide.
 Tetrachaetus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Franck's Sphinx Moth (Sphinx franckii) is a moth in the family Sphingidae. It is known from lowland deciduous woodland in the eastern United States but also suburban areas where Lilacs (Syringa species) are planted ranging from New York to northern Florida east to Missouri and Louisiana.The wingspan is 100-128 mm. There is one generation in the north with adults on wing from late June to early July.
 Athis bogota is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Portia schultzi is a jumping spider which ranges from South Africa in the south to Kenya in the north and also is found in West Africa and Madagascar. In this species which is slightly smaller than some other species of the genus Portia the bodies of females are 5 to 7 millimetres long while those of males are 4 to 6 millimetres long. The carapaces of both sexes are orange-brown with dark brown mottling and covered with dark brown and whitish hairs lying over the surface.
 Scinax kautskyi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mordellistena arcifer is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 Ocean Swell (1941–1954) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1943 to 1945 he ran fifteen times and won six races. As a three-year-old 1944 he won the New Derby a wartime substitute for the Epsom Derby run at Newmarket. He later developed into a specialist stayer winning the Jockey Club Cup in the Autumn of 1944 and the Gold Cup at the following summer. He was then retired to stud where he had limited success.
 Euterebra taylori is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Cape Cormorant or Cape Shag (Phalacrocorax capensis) is a bird endemic to the southwestern coasts of Africa.It breeds from Namibia south to southern Cape Province. In the nonbreeding season it may be found as far north as the mouth of the Congo and also extends up the east coast of South Africa as far as Mozambique. In the 1970s the breeding population was estimated as over 1 million in Namibia alone.
 The Crescent Striped (Apamea oblonga) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe east to southern Russia southern Siberia Turkey Iran northern Pakistan Mongolia China (Xinjiang Heilongjiang Ningxia) Sakhalin and Japan.The wingspan is about 43–48 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various grasses including alkali grass species. They mostly feed on the bases of the stems and roots.
 Caloptilia quadripunctata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Beijing).
 Euminucia camerunica is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Cameroon.
 Amerila femina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1935. It is found in Cameroon.
 Scopula carnosa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Atelopus chocoensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Angionychus lividus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Angionychus.
 Eupithecia pollens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Sematoptis is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Chiloglanis sp. nov. 'Northern Ewaso Nyiro' is a species of fish in the Mochokidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 The Singing Honeyeater (Lichenostomus virescens) is a small bird found in Australia and is part of the honeyeater family. Although it is common there it is not very well known in other places. It was originally described as Meliphaga virescens lipferti though now it is known as Lichenostomus virescens.Singing Honeyeaters are commonly found in Western Australia mainly past the Great Dividing Range and on Western Australian Coastal Islands.
 Acrocercops telestis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Bihar).The larvae feed on Mallotus repandus Trewia species (including Trewia nudiflora) Cinnamomum species Eugenia cumini Eugenia jambolana and Gmelina arborea. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Hypocladia calita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1911. It is found in Colombia.
 Aethes heleniana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Maryland and Wisconsin.The larvae feed on Helenium autumnale.
 The Mountain Robin-Chat (Cossypha isabellae) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eupithecia sierrae is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Colorado Wyoming southern Utah New Mexico Arizona and California.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Phaegorista is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eobalaenoptera harrisoni is an extinct species of baleen whale. The species was first described in June 2004 by researchers at the Virginia Museum of Natural History.The researchers identified the species from a partial skeleton found in 1990 in Caroline County Virginia the site of a prehistoric ocean in middle Miocene Calvert Formation rocks.
 Achaea argilla is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the northern half of Australia especially in drier inland locations.The wingspan is about 50 mm. The forewings have a subtle brown pattern. The hind wings are black with three white spots along the margin and an inner unbroken white band.The larvae feed on Breynia oblongifolia and Euphorbia species. The larvae are initially blue-grey with black spiracles and a grey and white head.
 Coptophalangium buniger is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
 Reference Point (1984–1991) was a British Thoroughbred race horse and sire. In a career which lasted from August 1986 to October 1987 he ran ten times and won seven races. As a three-year-old he overcame sinus problems before winning York's Dante Stakes the Epsom Derby Ascot's King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Diamond Stakes the Great Voltigeur and St. Leger in 1987. Notably it wasn't until 2012 that another Derby winner contested the St.
 Paracles vivida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Caloptilia juglandiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (including Kentucky Maine Ohio and Missouri).The larvae feed on Juglans nigra. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the underside of the leaf.
 Volutaxis is a genus of predatory air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.
 The Bonaparte's Parakeet (Pyrrhura lucianii) also known as the Deville's Parakeet or in aviculture the Deville's Conure is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It is restricted to the Brazilian state of Amazonas south of the Solimões river.
 Bantia chopardi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bantia in the order Mantodea.
 Tisobarica thyteria is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Landaluce (1980–1982) was a champion American Thoroughbred race horse. She was out of the first crop sired by Seattle Slew 1977’s Horse of the Year and the 10th winner of America's Triple Crown. Her dam was Strip Poker by Bold Bidder who was sired by Bold Ruler.
 Cyclophora mesotoma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Hainan).
 Latirolagena is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Malagasy Crowned Eagle (Stephanoaetus mahery) also known as the Madagascar Crowned Hawk-eagle was a large bird of prey comparable in size to the African Crowned Eagle that inhabited Madagascar until 1500 AD. It probably fed on lemurs.
 Popoudina pamphilia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1958. It is found in Kenya Rwanda and Uganda.
 Myidae common name the softshell clams is a taxonomic family of marine bivalve molluscs in the order Myoida.
 Leptotyphlops teaguei or the Northern blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Callionymus kailolae is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean off of western Australia where this deep-water species is found at depths of from 200 to 204 metres (656 to 669 ft).
 Dahira falcata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Burma Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia.
 Yurlunggur is a genus of fossil snake in the extinct family Madtsoiidae. This genus was a part of the extinct megafauna of Australia and contains the species Yurlunggur camfieldensis.A large apex predator that seems to have been extant in the region since the Miocene epoch.
 The rufous mouse opossum Marmosa lepida is an opossum species from South America. The species has been found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Surinam in lowland tropical rainforest at altitudes from 100 to 1000 m. It is presumed to feed on insects and fruit like its close relatives.
 The Blue sprat Spratelloides delicatulus also known as the Delicate round herring or Blueback sprat is a type of sprat fish of Indo-Pacific distribution.
 Harttia trombetensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found above the Cachoeira Porteira Falls in the Trombetas River basin. This species grows to a length of 17.6 centimetres (6.9 in) SL.
 Strabomantis necerus is a species of frog in the Strabomantidae family.It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Perixera anulifera is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Maldives and Sri Lanka.
 Acrolepia halosema is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.
 Mordellistena antennalis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1990 by Batten.
 The Giant Weaver (Ploceus grandis) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe. It can climb trees and branches rather like a treecreeper or sittella. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Olivella morrisoni is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Libnotes is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Semiricinula muricoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 A common classification of the Lepidoptera involves their differentiation into butterflies and moths. Butterflies are a natural monophyletic group often given the sub-order Rhopalocera which includes Papilionoidea (true butterflies) Hesperiidae (skippers) and Hedylidae (butterfly moths). In this taxonomic scheme moths belong to the sub-order Heterocera.
 Euxesta conserta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Hylemera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Type species: Hylemera tenuis Butler 1878
 Halysidota insularis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found on Saint Lucia.
 Dipaenae eucera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Fisera eribola is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Sepia zanzibarica or the Zanzibar cuttlefish is a species of cuttlefish native to the Indian Ocean. The mantle length averages 250 mm. It lives at depths of 34 to 95 m.
 Eudocima is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g.)
 Chlorognesia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hydrelia sanguiniplaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Burma.
 Jainosaurus is a large titanosaurian dinosaur of India and wider Asia which lived in the Maastrichtian (approximately 68 million years ago). The first remains were between 1917 and 1920 found by Charles Alfred Matley near Jabalpur in the Lameta Formation. These were named Antarctosaurus septentrionalis by Friedrich von Huene and Matley in 1933.
 The Gothic Dart or Subgothic Dart (Feltia subgothica) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in central North America north to Quebec Ontario and Saskatchewan.The wingspan is about 34 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.Larvae have been reported from over 40 plant species including crops forages vegetables and forbs.
 The Geelvink pygmy tree frog (Litoria pygmaea) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in West Papua (Indonesia) and Papua New Guinea. Its common name refers to Geelvink Bay (presently Cenderawasih Bay) where its type locality the Yapen island lies.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens urban areas and canals and ditches.
 Placolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India.
 Parides sesostris is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is commonly known as the Emerald-patched Cattleheart and the Southern Cattleheart.
 Euchrysops decaryi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Ischnognatha is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Trochomorphidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Gastrodontoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Seioptera demonstrans is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Seioptera of the family Ulidiidae.
 Oliva xenos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Eucampyla is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1882. It contains the species E. etheiella which is known from Micronesia the Society Islands and Australia.The larvae feed on Chromolaena odorata. They attack both young flower buds and mature leaves.
 Inermocoelotes anoplus is a funnel-web spider genus found in Austria Italy and Eastern Europe
 Anoista is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Ulidia nitens is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Aploactis aspera the Dusky Velvetfish is a species of velvetfish native to the western Pacific Ocean. This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Goniobranchus multimaculosus is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Gongylus is a genus of empusids in the order Mantodea. Characterized by extremely slender limbs with large appendages at least one species (Gongylus gongylodes) is kept as a pet by hobbyists. Males of the species are capable of flight.
 The Ascension Crake (Mundia elpenor) is an extinct flightless bird that previously lived on Ascension Island in the South Atlantic Ocean. It was declared extinct by Groombridge in 1994; BirdLife International confirmed this in 2000 and 2004. It is a member of the family Rallidae.The bird was endemic to Ascension Island. Numerous subfossil bones of the bird have been found; Peter Mundy made a sketch of it in 1656.
 Acanthogonatus chilechico is a mygalomorph spider of Chile its name arising from its type locality: Chile Chico Valdivia Region X (de los Lagos) Chile. This species is most similar to A. notatus but is distinguished by a less developed embolar flange and by having the basal portion of the bulb narrower in lateral view and the presence of more numerous spines on its metatarsus I.
 Brachynotus sexdentatus is a species of crab in the family Varunidae. It is native to the Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea and became established for a time in Swansea Docks (United Kingdom). It grows to a maximum carapace width of 18 mm (0.71 in) and lives in shallow water on muddy bottoms.
 Lepturinae the lepturine beetles is a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae) containing about 150 genera worldwide. This lineage is most diverse in the Northern Hemisphere. Until recently the subfamily Necydalinae was included within the lepturines but this has been recently recognized as a separate subfamily. At least 5 tribes are usually recognized today; some authors have proposed additional ones but at least some of them appear to be invalid.
 Mitrella patricki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Rhinophylla is a genus of South American bats in the family Phyllostomidae containing these species:Hairy little fruit bat R. alethinaFischer's little fruit bat R. fischeraeDwarf little fruit bat R. pumilio↑
 Dipaenae contenta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Saunibius moyseyi is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae the only species in the genus Saunibius.
 Vexillum silviae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Mylothris jaopura Karsch’s Dotted Border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Togo southern Nigeria western Cameroon and possibly Liberia. The habitat consists of forests and occasionally dense Guinea savanna. It is also found in disturbed habitats such as suburban gardens.The larvae feed on Loranthaceae species.
 Eleutherodactylus fenestratus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Peru and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.
 Storeria hidalgoensis commonly known as the Mexican yellow-bellied brown snake is a nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae. It is endemic to the Sierra Madre Oriental of Mexico.
 Glaucacna iridea is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Puerto Rico.
 Eriopis connexa is a widespread species of ladybird beetle in South America.
 Provalljapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 The Chimaera Birdwing (Ornithoptera chimaera) is a birdwing butterfly of the papilionidae family. It is found in mountain areas of New Guinea 1000 meters asl.The 'chimaera' portion of both the scientific and vernacular name is named after the Chimaera Greek: Χίμαιρα Khimaira from χίμαρος khimaros a creature in Greek mythology composed of the parts of three animals.
 Microurania is an extinct genus of therapsid from the Middle Permian.It is known from a single partial skull found in the region of Orenburg Russia.
 Gorgopis zellerii is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.This species has a winglength of 21 mm.
 Lochia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Dash-dot Barb (Barbus atkinsoni) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.Its natural habitat is rivers. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Slender salamander is the name often given to Plethodontid (lungless) salamanders of the genus Batrachoseps. They are distinguished from other lungless salamanders by their four toes on each foot. Their range is from Oregon and California (USA) to northern Baja California (Mexico). Batracho-seps means frog-lizard.
 Callopatiria is a genus of starfish of the family Asterinidae.
 Tibersyrnola is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Marasmarcha rhypodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia Turkey Lebanon Kazakhstan Iraq and Iran.The wingspan is 24-27 mm.
 The Red-headed Lovebird (Agapornis pullarius) also known as the Red-faced Lovebird is a member of the genus Agapornis a group commonly known as lovebirds. Like other lovebirds it is native to Africa.
 Orthocomotis leucothorax is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Doulingoceras is a genus of ammonoid within the ceratitid order found in Chinathat lived during the Late Permian during the time span from about 260.5 to 254 million years ago.
 Belaturricula antarctica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Phyllobrostis daphneella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found in Morocco Algeria Tunisia Portugal Spain France Corsica mainland Italy and Sardinia.The wingspan is 8.8-9.5 mm for males and 9.5–10 mm for females. Adults are on wing from April to May and again in August in two generations in France.The larvae feed on Daphne gnidium. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a full depth corridor.
 Tricholauxania is a genus of small flies of the family Lauxaniidae.
 Potamonautes johnstoni is a species of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae. It is found in rivers in Kenya and Tanzania with unconfirmed records from Malawi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The species' distribution includes Kilimanjaro Nekona Mrogoro (near Dar es Salaam) and the Usambara Mountains.
 This page is about a species. For the Indigenous American warchief see Crazy Horse. For the Indigenous American woman see Black Buffalo Woman. For the professional wrestler see Black Buffalo (wrestler).
 Piping Lane (foaled 1966) was a brown Australian Thoroughbred racehorse gelding by Lanesborough out of the mare Londonderry Air by Piping Time. Piping Lane came to prominence by winning the 1972 Melbourne Cup over 3200 metres at odds of 40/1.Piping Lane was owned by Mr. R.E. Prevost of Epping Forest Tasmania and his racing had been confined to Tasmania where he had won $12638 prior to April 1972. He was then purchased for $6000 by Ray W.
 Hypochra albufera is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Hypochra of the family Ulidiidae.
 Coleophora inconstans is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia and southern Russia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Artemisia terrae-albae.
 Baryssinus chemsaki is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné in 1985.
 Aglossa rabatalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Joannis in 1923 and is known from Morocco and France.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 Hyles euphorbiarum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Chile Argentina the Falklands Uruguay Paraguay and southern Brazil.Adults have been recorded in March July September and November but are probably on wing throughout the year.The larvae feed on Fabaceae Nyctaginaceae Onagraceae Polygonaceae Portulacaceae Solanaceae and possibly Euphorbiaceae species.
 Fundella is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Zeller in 1848.
 Blastobasis anthoptera is a moth of the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Australia and New Guinea.
 The Sombrero ameiva (Ameiva corvina) is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva. It is endemic to Sombrero a small uninhabited island in the Lesser Antilles under the jurisdiction of Anguilla. The population appears to be thriving possibly due to its isolation from human activity.Adults are melanistic appearing plain brown to slate black with a dark green to black ventral surface mottled with light blue. Its tail is sometimes speckled green.
 Oxymeris gouldi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Spaniocelyphus is a genus of beetle flies. It is known from the Oriental ecozone.
 Archilema subumbrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893 originally under the genus Lepista. It is found in Gabon and Nigeria.
 The Oecophorinae are the nominate subfamily of moths in the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). They are part of the insufficiently studied superfamily Gelechioidea and like their relatives the circumscription of this taxon is disputed.In the approach followed here the Oecophoridae are expanded to include several lineages formerly placed in the Elachistidae or considered independent gelechioid families.
 Spelaeornis the typical wren-babblers is a bird genus in the family Timaliidae. Among this group the typical wren-babblers are quite closely related to the type species the Chestnut-capped Babbler (Timalia pileata).
 Agapeta hamana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 15–24 mm. The moth flies from June to August from dusk.The larvae feed on Carduus.
 Heliscomyidae is a family of extinct rodents from the mid-Tertiary of North America related to pocket gophers (family Geomyidae) and kangaroo rats and their relatives (family Heteromyidae). The family contains four genera Apletotomeus Heliscomys Passaliscomys and Tylionomys (Korth et al. 1991; Korth and Eaton 2004; Korth and Branciforte 2007). McKenna and Bell (1997) placed the first two genera in synonymy with Heliscomys the senior synonym.
 Docidoceras is an extinct ammonite genus from the order Ammonitida that lived during the Middle Jurassic in what is now Europe North Africa and Oregon. Docidoceras is included in the family Otoitidae which makes up part of the ammonite superfamily Stephanocerataceae.Docidoceras has a broadfinely ribbed evolute shell with a depressed whorl section. The venterthe outer rim is broadly arched and crossed by the ribs without interruption.
 Racotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ypsolopha albistriatus is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 24–26 mm.
 Euastacus sulcatus also known as the Lamington Crayfish is a freshwater crayfish or yabby. It is bright blue in colour and roams the forest floor when conditions are damp.
 Clepticus is a genus of wrasses native to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Moussier's Redstart (Phoenicurus moussieri) is a small passerine bird in the genus Phoenicurus (redstarts) formerly classed as a member of the thrush family (Turdidae) but is now classified as an Old World flycatcher (Muscicapidae). It is an endemic resident breeder in the Atlas Mountains of northwest Africa. Its habitat is open woodland in rocky areas from sea level up to 3000 m altitude in the mountains.It is the smallest redstart only 12 cm long and 14–15 g weight.
 Conus nielsenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Martinique Amazon (Amazona martinicana) is a hypothetical extinct species of Caribbean parrot in the Psittacidae family. It is not known from any material remains but was said to be similar to the Red-necked Amazon (A. arausiaca) from Dominica the next major island to the north of Martinique. Natives are known to have traded extensively in parrots between the Antilles and it seems that the Martinique population was in some way related to or even descended from A.
 Eugoa hampsoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Dialectica praegemina is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Lobostemon glaucophyllus. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Chicoreus rubescens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Manoba implens is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia and the Philippines. The habitat consists of lowland and lower montane forests up to 1000 meters.
 The Chestnut Tree Mouse (Pogonomys macrourus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 The Grey-headed Spinetail (Cranioleuca semicinerea) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Pherallodus is a genus of clingfishes.
 Euryxanthops cepros is a species of crab found in the Indian Ocean around Christmas Island.
 Ornipholidotos overlaeti Overlaet’s Glasswing is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of lowland riverine forests.
 Cephalopholis nigripinnis known commonly as the Darkfin Hind is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.The Darkfin Hind is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean Red Sea excluded.The Darkfin Hind is a medium size fish and can reach a maximum size of 28 cm length.
 Olyra collettii is a species of longtail catfish. This species grows to 5.82 cm (2.29 in) in standard length. This species is possibly a junior synonym of Olyra longicaudata.
 Eupithecia sporobola is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Mirosternus glabripennis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Incurvariidae is a family of small primitive monotrysian moths in the order Lepidoptera. There are twelve genera recognised (Davis 1999). Many species are leaf miners and much is known of their hostplants excluding Paraclemensia acerifoliella (Fitch). The most familiar species in Europe are perhaps Incurvaria masculella and Phylloporia bistrigella. The narrow wings are held tightly along the body at rest and some species have very long antennae.
 The Bali catshark (Atelomycterus baliensis) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found only from the Indonesian island of Bali. Its length is up to 47 cm.
 Tusitala is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). It is also a word in the Samoan language which means 'writer of stories'. Tusitala was the name used by the Samoan people for Robert Louis Stevenson who lived the last four years of his life in Samoa and is buried on Mount Vaea.
 Cypherotylus asperus the rough fungus beetle is a species of pleasing fungus beetle (family Erotylidae). The bright colours and interesting patterns of C. asperus have made it one of the most outstanding in the beetle group; however its natural habits and characteristics are rarely seen by casual bug watchers. This particular group of beetle feeds primarily on fungus hence its common name.
 Andesaurus (/ˌændɨˈsɔrəs/ AN-də-SAWR-əs; Andes lizard) is a genus of basal titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur which existed during the middle of the Cretaceous Period in South America. Like most sauropods it would have had a small head on the end of a long neck and an equally long tail.
 Bulimulus sp. nov. nilsodhneri is an undescribed species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.The specific name nilsodhneri is apparently in honor of Swedish malacologist Nils Hjalmar Odhner.
 Cacozelia interruptella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacozelia. It is found in North America including Arizona and Florida.
 The Pink-spotted Cattleheart (Parides photinus) is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
 The Marsh Owl (Asio capensis) is a species of owl which is a mainly resident breeder in Africa and Madagascar.This species is a part of the larger grouping of owls known as typical owls Strigidae which contains most species of owl. The other grouping is the barn owls Tytonidae.Marsh Owl nests on the ground on open marshy areas laying 2-4 eggs amongst tussocks.It hunts over open country often by day.
 Alcithoe chathamensis is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Bazaria umbrifasciella is a species of snout moth in the genus Bazaria. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in Uzbekistan.
 Pseudopostega duplicata is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from Costa Rica and Tortola in the British Virgin Islands.The length of the forewings is 2–2.8 mm. Adults have been recorded almost throughout the year in Costa Rica and in April and July in the British Virgin Islands.
 Cynoglossus abbreviatus commonly known as the Three-lined tongue sole is a species of tonguefish. It is indigenous to the coast of the South China Sea commonly found in shallow muddy or sandy waters along the coast of China Taiwan Korea and Japan.
 The greater hamster-rat greater long-tailed pouched rat or long-tailed pouched rat (Beamys major) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It is found in Malawi Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paracalamus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 Katkaenus spectaculus is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Katkaenus.
 Acidon is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 Xystochroma setigerum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schmidt in 1924.
 Mordellistena nigrispinosa is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1953.
 Marshbird redirects here. For non-perching birds of marshland see waterbird and wader.The marshbirds Pseudoleistes are a small genus of icterid birds (family Icteridae). It includes the following species: Yellow-rumped Marshbird Pseudoleistes guirahuro Brown-and-yellow Marshbird Pseudoleistes virescens
 Micrommata ligurina is a species of huntsman spider occurring from the Mediterranean Basin to Central Asia. It was first described by Carl Ludwig Koch in 1845.
 Comella insularis is a moth in the Callidulidae family. It is found on the Schouten Islands.
 MacKinnon's Swallowtail Papilio mackinnoni is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zambia Angola Uganda Zaire South Sudan Congo Republic Rwanda and Burundi.The larvae feed on Rutaceae Clausema Toddalia Citrus Teclea simplicifolia T. nobilis and T. tricocarpa.
 Arganaceras (Argana horn) is an medium size pareiasaur from the Late Permian of Morocco. It was about 2 m in length and had a horn-like structure on its snout. It was closely related to the European genus Elginia.
 Asura mediofascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Lombok.
 Echinolittorina marquesensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Coleophora calandrella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Kazakhstan.
 Stigmella spiculifera is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Kyushu in Japan.The larvae feed on Rubus hirsutus and Rubus palmatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Odostomia manukauensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The sandy mole rat (Spalax arenarius) is a species of rodents in the Spalacidae family endemic to Ukraine.
 Clathrina hispanica is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Spain.
 Stemmatophora syriacalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Stemmatophora. It was described by Zerny in 1914. It is found in France Spain and Algeria.
 The Spider Tortoise (Pyxis arachnoides) is a species of tortoise in the Testudinidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar and is one of only two species in the genus Pyxis.Very little is known about the life cycle of this endangered tortoise which is believed to live for up to 70 years. The remaining tortoises are found only in south western Madagascar where they inhabit the spiny vegetation of the sandy coastal areas.
 Mordellistena endroedyi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1967 by Ermisch.
 Apolychrosis ferruginus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tlaxcala).
 Sisoroidea is a superfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes). It contains the four families Amblycipitidae Akysidae Sisoridae and Erethistidae; many sources also include Aspredinidae. With Aspredinidae this superfamily includes about 42 genera and 230 species.
 Stenolepis is a genus of the spectacled lizard family Gymnophthalmidae from Brazil. It contains a single species Stenolepis ridleyi. Its common name Pernambuco teiid refers to its type locality in Pernambuco state in northeast Brazil.
 Pseudomiza obliquaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan China and Bhutan.The wingspan is 38–40 mm.
 The Suraka Silk Moth (Antherina suraka) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found on Madagascar and Mayotte.
 Elasiprora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Ethmia similatella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found from western Mexico (Sinaloa) to Honduras Guatemala and Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 6.7-10.2 mm. The color pattern similar to Ethmia penthica but the longitudinal line dividing the brown and whitish areas is less sinuate so that the lobes of brown into white and the intervening white projections are less regularly U-shaped. The ground color of the hindwings is dark brown.
 Athyrma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Megasis satanella is a species of snout moths in the genus Megasis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Armenia.
 The Indian Fritillary (Argynnis hyperbius) is butterfly of the Nymphalid or brush-footed butterfly family.
 The Indian Swiftlet or Indian Edible-nest Swiftlet (Aerodramus unicolor) is a small swift. It is a common resident colonial breeder in the hills of Sri Lanka and south west India.The half-cup nest is built on a vertical surface often in a cave.
 Xestocasis is a moth genus of the superfamily Gelechioidea. It was described in the family Heliodinidae and is sometimes also listed in the Cosmopterigidae but actually seems to belong in the Oecophoridae (possibly in the subfamily Stathmopodinae).
 Eulepidotis crocoptera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana and Guyana.
 Truncatella guerinii is a species of very small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea a gastropod mollusk in the family Truncatellidae.
 Zimmerius is a genus of Neotropical birds in the Tyrannidae family.
 Prominea porrecta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the African Indian Ocean islands of Madagascar Réunion and Mauritius.It has a winglength of approx. 16-17 mmn wingspan around 33 mm.
 Lyces latistriga is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is only known from the Andean foothills of south-eastern Peru.
 Hyposmocoma nemo is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 The Locust Bean Moth (Ectomyelois ceratoniae) more ambiguously known as carob moth is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It has a nearly cosmopolitan distribution.Adults have forewings with a pale brown pattern and plain white hindwings. The female moths find suitable fruit or nuts on which to lay their eggs using volatile substances emitted by fungus which is infecting the material.The larvae are translucent white with the internal organs visible from the outside.
 Lasionycta proxima is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It can be found from Spain through Europe east up to eastern Asia (the Amur area). It is not present in the north-west of the British Isles. In the north it is found up to Polar Circle. In the south it is found from the Mediterranean Sea up to the Caucasus to Mongolia.The wingspan is 28–36 mm. The moths fly from June to August.
 Barilius borneensis is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in western Borneo.
 Stigmatophora flava is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bremer and Grey in 1852. It is found in Kazakhstan Russia (southern Siberia Amur Primorye) China Korea and Japan.
 Peraceae Klotzsch is a family of flowering plants in the eudicot order Malpighiales. The family was recognized in only a few systems of plant taxonomy and is not recognized in the most widely accepted modern system the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group III. The family was segregated from the Euhporbiaceae by Johann Friedrich Klotzsch in 1859 and its uniqueness was affirmed by the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew's Euphorbiaceae expert Airy Shaw.
 Pseudexentera is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Pine Warbler (Setophaga pinus) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family.
 Epicampocera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Favartia bojadorensis common name the Bojador murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Magdalena Rat (Xenomys nelsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is the only species in the genus Xenomys. It is endemic to Colima and southwest Jalisco Mexico where it is found in coastal lowland forests at elevations up to 450 m. The species is arboreal and nocturnal. It is threatened by habitat destruction and fragmentation due to deforestation and development.
 Comitas subsuturalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Nothypsa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Vallonia excentrica common name the eccentric vallonia is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
 Nippoptilia spinosa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Papua New Guinea.The length of the forewings is about 7.2 millimetres (0.28 in) for females and 7.5 millimetres (0.30 in) for males.
 Graphiocephala barbitias is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa and Namibia.The larvae feed on Euclea lanceolata. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Henricus comes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz) Arizona and Texas.The wingspan is about 16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in April and August.
 Hermeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Lancetes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Lancetes angusticollis (Curtis 1839) Lancetes arauco Bachmann & Trémouilles 1981 Lancetes backstromi Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes biremis Riha 1961 Lancetes borellii Griffini 1895 Lancetes dacunhae Brinck 1948 Lancetes delkeskampi Riha 1961 Lancetes falklandicus Riha 1961 Lancetes flavipes Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes flavoscutatus Enderlein 1912 Lancetes immarginatus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes lanceolatus (Clark 1863) Lancetes marginatus (Steinheil 1869) Lancetes mixtus (C.O.Waterhouse 1881) Lancetes nigriceps (Erichson 1834) Lancetes praemorsus (Erichson 1834) Lancetes subseriatus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes tarsalis Riha 1961 Lancetes theresae Sharp 1902 Lancetes towianicus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes varius (Fabricius 1775) Lancetes waterhousei Griffini 1895↑
 Pelochyta semivitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1907. It is found in Peru.
 De Nicéville's Windmill Byasa polla is a butterfly found in India that belongs to the Windmills genus Byasa comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.
 Coleophora hipponae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North Africa.
 The Eyrean Grasswren (Amytornis goyderi) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia.
 Prionoceridae is a small family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 The Cheloniidae are a family of sea turtles belonging to the sea turtle superfamily Chelonioidea. It was named by Nicolaus Michael Oppel in 1811.
 Phyllaplysia taylori synonym Phyllaplysia zostericola common names the eelgrass sea hare and Taylor's sea hare is a species of sea slug specifically a sea hare a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae the sea hares.Some authors place this genus in a separate family Dolabriferidae.A more general description of sea hares can be found on the page of the superfamily Aplysioidea.
 Diplodira jamaicalis is a species of moth from Noctuidae family that is endemic to Jamaica.
 Caloptilia sassafrasicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Fujian).
 Trox terrestris is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Ilema kosemponica is a moth in the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 29–37 mm.
 Mictopsichia callicharis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The big-eared lipinia (Lipinia macrotympanum) is a species of skink found in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India.
 Parnassius loxias is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Kirghizia and West China.It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 Demodex is a genus of tiny parasitic mites that live in or near hair follicles of mammals.Around 65 species of Demodex are known. Two species living on humans have been identified: Demodex folliculorum and Demodex brevis both frequently referred to as eyelash mites. Demodex canis lives on the domestic dog. Infestation with Demodex is common and usually does not cause any symptoms although occasionally some skin diseases can be caused by the mites.
 Morone is a genus of temperate basses native to the Atlantic coast of North America as well as freshwater systems of the southwestern and eastern United States.
 Erebus aerosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia.
 Idiopidae (superfamily Idiopoidea) are a mygalomorph spider family. They have a large body that often looks rather like a tarantula.
 Turricula turriplana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Herochroma nigrescentipalpis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 The Dragon Swallowtail Sericinus montela is a member of the subfamily Parnassiinae of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family. It is found in the Russian Far East Korea China and Japan.
 Pelochrista frustata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Jammu and Kashmir).The wingspan is 26–28 millimetres (1.0–1.1 in). The ground colour of the forewings is white sprinkled and dotted brownish cream. The markings are brownish with a weak yellowish hue. The hindwings are cream brownish.
 Ectoedemia permira is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by R.K. Puplesis in 1984. It is known from the Russian Far East and China.The larvae feed on Hypericum attenuatum.
 The northern naked-tailed armadillo (Cabassous centralis) is a species of armadillo. It is one of only two species of armadillo found outside of South America the other being the more widely distributed nine-banded armadillo.
 The masked triggerfish (Sufflamen fraenatum) is a species of triggerfish usually found living in coastal reefs or in lagoons. The range of depths where these triggerfish can live varies from 8 to 186 m. They are found along the Indian Ocean coast of Africa and throughout much of the Indo-Pacific region from Indonesia to the Hawaiian Islands.
 Panochthus is an extinct genus of glyptodont which lived in Argentina during the Pleistocene epoch. It could reach 3 m in length and a weight up to 1500 kg; the upper skull and the body were protected by hemispherical armor composed of hundred of rounded scales. The tail short and wedge-shaped consisted of small bony bands with small spikes used for defense.
 Durbaniopsis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The single species is endemic to the Afrotropics.
 Cymothoe amenides is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Gabon.
 A small genus of mountain tanagers found in South America.
 Fatal Bullet (foaled February 12 2005 in Florida) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.Trained by Reade Baker for owner Danny Dion's Bear Stables Ltd. in 2008 Fatal Bullet set a new track record for 6.5 furlongs in winning the Bold Venture Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack.
 The Crowned Hornbill (Tockus alboterminatus) is an African hornbill. It is a medium-sized bird with a length between 50 and 54 cm and it is characterized by its white belly and black back and wings. The tips of the long tail feathers are white. The eyes are yellow; the beak is red and presents a stocky casque on the upper mandible.
 The spider genus Tetrablemma is unusual in possessing only four eyes a trait only found elsewhere in most species of the family Caponiidae. The two are not closely related.
 Melolonthinae is a subfamily of the scarab beetles (family Scarabaeidae). It is a very diverse group; distributed over most of the world it contains many familiar species. Some authors include the scarab subfamilies Euchirinae and Pachypodinae as tribes in the Melolonthinae.Unlike some of their relatives their habitus is usually not bizarre. They resemble the Rutelinae in being fairly plesiomorphic in outward appearance.
 Beatrix's Bat (Glauconycteris beatrix) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: Angola Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Kenya and Nigeria.It is found in these habitats: subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sternarchella is a genus of ghost knifefishes found in tropical South America.
 Ecsenius paroculus is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 4 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 The White-eared Bulbul (Pycnonotus leucotis) is a member of the bulbul family. It is found in Kuwait Bahrain mid and southern Iraq southern Iran Afghanistan Pakistan north-western India in parts of Maharashtra Madhya Pradesh and on the Arabian peninsula. The species was earlier considered a conspecific of Pycnonotus leucogenys.
 Lemyra heringi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Myrmecorhynchus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 The rails or Rallidae are a large cosmopolitan family of small- to medium-sized birds. The family exhibits considerable diversity and also includes the crakes coots and gallinules. Many species are associated with wetlands although the family is found in every terrestrial habitat except dry deserts polar regions and alpine areas above the snow line. Members of the Rallidae occur on every continent except Antarctica. There are numerous island species.
 The Himalayan Owl (Strix nivicolum) is an owl of the forests of Himalayas and Taiwan. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Tawny Owl.
 Atylostoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Hyposmocoma lichenalis is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Lanai.
 Melanochelys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae. Members are found in India Myanmar Bangladesh Sri Lanka and Nepal.
 Hemiscorpiidae is a family of scorpions with 72 described species in 12 genera. Their old name is Ischnuridae which had to be changed due to a naming conflict with the damselfly family of the same name. They at one point also held the name Liochelidae.
 The Iron Prominent (Notodonta dromedarius) is a moth of the family Notodontidae. It is found in Europe and Anatolia.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Corylus avellana birch alder and oak.
 Malapterurus teugelsi is a species of electric catfish endemic to Guinea where it occurs in the Kogon River. This species grows to a length of 21.2 centimetres (8.3 in) SL.
 The Fat Mouse (Steatomys pratensis) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 The Amethyst Dancer (Argia pallens) is a damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae native from southwestern North America south to Guatemala.
 Barbus martorelli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Southern Marbled Skipper (Carcharodus baeticus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in North Africa south-western Europe Italy and Anatolia up to Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is 13–14 mm. Adults are on wing from May to October in two or three generations. On higher altitudes there is only one generation.The larvae feed on Marrubium vulgare and Ballota species.
 Stigmella myrtillella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Pyrenees Italy and Bulgaria and from Ireland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 54-63 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June.The larvae feed on Vaccinium myrtillus and Vaccinium uliginosum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a contorted gallery and often a secondary blotch. The frass is concentrated in a thick central line.
 Diplommatina is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This genus includes hundreds of described species and several subgenera. Species in this genus are mainly from southern Asia.
 Carabus solieri is a species of beetles belonging to the Carabidae family.
 Teulisna is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Progona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Abegesta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Splendrillia candidulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Uzungwa red colobus (Procolobus gordonorum) also known as the Udzungwa red colobus or Iringa red colobus is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is endemic to riverine and montane forest in the Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Turbonilla emertoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Coeliades rama is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests forest margins and anthropogenic environments.
 Agelaia is a genus of Neotropical social wasps (family Vespidae) with species from Mexico to northern Argentina. Fifteen of the 31 described species are found in Brazil. These species are swarm founders that nest in cavities. The nest generally is without an envelope.The genus includes the species A.
 Galomecalpa tingomaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 23-25 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white cream with weak ochreous cream suffusions and strigulation. The dorsum is suffused pale brownish-yellow from beyond the base to the tornus. The markings are dark brown. The hindwings are cream with grey reticulation and terminal suffusion.
 Heterostegania is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hamatastus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Hamatastus conspectus Monné 1985 Hamatastus excelsus Monné 1978 Hamatastus fasciatus Gilmour 1957 Hamatastus lemniscatus Monné 1985 Hamatastus simillimus Monné 1990↑
 Puyseguria is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs of the family Neoleptonidae.
 Spinoaequalis is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile.The 30 cm (1 ft) long creature known from fossils found in Kansas USA was one of the first diapsids along with Petrolacosaurus. It was also the first reptile to return to the water evolving shortly after Hylonomus the oldest confirmed reptile. Spinoaequalis was not fully aquatic frequently returning to dry land. It probably swam using its laterally flattened fanned tail.
 Calocestra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Antiblemma subrutilans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Costa Rica.
 Anthidium syriacum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Western Scrub Jay (Aphelocoma californica) is a species of scrub jay native to western North America. It ranges from southern Washington to central Texas and central Mexico. It comprises three distinct subspecies groups all of which may be separate species. They are California Scrub Jay (coastal) Woodhouse's Scrub Jay (interior US and northern Mexico) and Sumichrast's Scrub Jay (interior southern Mexico).
 The red-legged ham beetle Necrobia rufipes is a predatory beetle in the family Cleridae with a cosmopolitan distribution.The adult beetles are 3.5–7.0 millimetres (0.1–0.3 in) long convex straight sided and the surface has indentations called punctures. They are shiny metallic green or greenish blue in colour. The legs and antennae are red (dark clubs). They feed on the meat-infesting larvae of Calliphora or blow flies Dermestidae and cheese skippers.
 The Yellow-winged Vireo (Vireo carmioli) is a small passerine bird. It is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama.This vireo occurs from 2000 m to the timberline in the canopy of mountain forest sometimes feeding in undergrowth or tall second growth. The small cup nest is built in the fork of a small branch 3–20 m high in a tree or scrub and the clutch is two dark-spotted white eggs.
 Ctenucha cajonata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Moonlight Cloud (foaled 5 March 2008) is a British-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who has won the Prix Maurice de Gheest three times and the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp. In a famous race for the Diamond Jubilee Stakes in 2012 she was beaten a head by the Australian champion Black Caviar in a photo-finish. She is owned by George Strawbridge and trained by Freddy Head.
 Acyclania is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Yochelcionelloidea is an extinct superfamily of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora). The earliest yochelcionellids are known from the Middle Tommotian but they are most diverse from the Botomian through the early Middle Cambrian.
 Hemerobius is a genus of lacewings in the family Hemerobiidae. It is found throughout Europe and North America. Like most lacewings both the larvae and adults are predatory primarily eating acarines scale insects psyllids aphids thrips and the eggs of lepidopterans and whiteflies.
 Pseudoeurycea saltator is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The fish Pygocentrus piraya often called the Piraya Piranha or San Francisco Piranha and sometimes sold as the Man Eating Piranha is a large aggressive piranha from the São Francisco River basin in Brazil. It is one of the largest piranhas reaching a maximum length of 50 cm in the wild and is sometimes considered the most beautiful with its orange to yellow belly coloration silver eyes and rayed fibrous adipose fin. Like most other piranhas P.
 Ancova is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and contains the species A. meridionalis. It is found in India.
 Eudonia octophora is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
 Amoaba plumosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Amoaba.
 Scrobipalpa adaptata is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in southern Ukraine and Russia (the southern Ural).The wingspan is about 13 mm.
 Baoris is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Swag-lined Wave Moth (Scopula umbilicata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the southern part of the United States (including Arizona Florida Georgia Oklahoma and Texas) to South America and the West Indies (including Puerto Rico).The wingspan is about 18 mm. The wings are white with sparse speckling.
 Scinax rostratus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Colombia Guyana Panama Suriname Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nevacolima jaliscoensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Nevacolima. It is found in west-central Mexico.The length of the forewings is 6.5–8.5 mm (0.26–0.33 in). Most of the costal half of the forewings is dusted with white while the posterior half is ochre red and reddish brown with fuscous or black distally. The hindwings are smoky fuscous but darker along the veins and near the costal and outer and posterior margins.
 The red triangle slug scientific name Triboniophorus graeffei is a species of large air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Athoracophoridae the leaf-veined slugs.This large (up to 14 cm) often colorful and striking-looking species is found in eastern Australia. It is Australia's largest native land slug. It is a common part of the fauna.Triboniophorus graeffei is the type species of the genus Triboniophorus.
 Phragmataecia geisha is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Japan.
 Coleophora abbasella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Iran and Pakistan.
 Sinibrama macrops is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinibrama.
 Cochylimorpha nodulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Russia (Sarepta Uralsk Tuva) Kazakhstan northern Syria Armenia Mongolia and Iran.The wingspan is 21–23 mm. Adults have been recorded from wing in August.
 Rhynchactis microthrix is a species of whipnose angler only known from the western Indian Ocean where it is found at depths of around 2250 metres (7380 ft). This species grows to a length of 11.3 centimetres (4.4 in) SL.
 Euxesta laffooni is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Melongena corona common name the Florida crown conch is an edible[citation needed] species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melongenidae the crown conches and their allies.
 The Western Pie (Tuxentius hesperis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is only known from Globlershoop and Vioolsdrif and along the banks of the Orange River in the North Cape.The wingspan is 18–22 mm for males and 20–23 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round but are most common from October to December.The larvae feed on Ziziphus mucronata.
 Adra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Naskia axiplicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pheidole loki is a species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 The Chinese flying frog or Chinese gliding frog (Rhacophorus dennysi) is a species of tree frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in China Laos Burma and Vietnam. Also known as the Blanford's whipping frog large treefrog and Denny's whipping frog.This frog is up to 10 cm (3.9 in) long.
 Tatenectes is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from the Upper Member of the Sundance Formation (late Jurassic) of Wyoming. It was named by O'Keefe and Wahl in 2003 and the type species is Tatenectes laramiensis.
 Enhydrus is a genus of beetles in the family Gyrinidae containing the following species: Enhydrus assimilis Clark 1863 Enhydrus atratus Régimbart 1877 Enhydrus grayii White 1847 Enhydrus latior Clark 1863 Enhydrus mirandus Ochs 1955 Enhydrus sulcatus (Dejean 1821) Enhydrus tibialis Régimbart 1877↑
 The dawn tetra panda tetra or [Rio] Paraguay tetra comes from the Rio Paraguay basin in Paraguay and Brazil. It is a schooling fish; suitable temperatures for the Paraguay tetra are 24 to 27°C. This species is omnivorous with a strong preference for animal food. It will eat normal aquarium fish food but much prefers live food. The dawn tetra is an egg-scattering species.
 Haplochromis eduardianus is a species of cichlid endemic to Uganda where it is found in Lake George Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel. This species can reach a length of 7.9 centimetres (3.1 in) SL.
 The Straight-billed Woodcreeper (Dendroplex picus) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). Its genus Dendroplex was recently confirmed to be distinct from Xiphorhynchus.
 Pyrgacris descampsi is a species of insect belonging to the family of Pyrgacrididae.This species is known from La Réunion.
 Enneapterygius erythrosomus is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It is a tropical blenny known from around Taiwan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean and swims at a depth range of 1-12 metres. It was described by S.C. Shen and K.Y Wu in 1994.
 Coleophora asterophagella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Aster species. They create an annulate case.
 Percina aurora is a species of fish known by the common name pearl darter. It is native to the United States where it is known only from Louisiana and Mississippi. It is rare and a candidate for federal protection.This fish was described as a species in 1994. It had previously been included in Percina copelandi.The pearl darter grows up to 57 (female) to 64 (male) millimeters long. It has a black spot at the base of the tail fin. The breeding male has a few dark bands.
 Tanyderidae or primitive crane flies of the order Diptera are long thin delicate insects with spotted wings superficially similar in appearance to some Tipulidae Trichoceridae and Ptychopteridae. Most species are restricted in distribution. They are found in many parts of the world including North America South America Africa Australia New Zealand and various islands in the Pacific Ocean. Adults are usually found hanging from vegetation near streams.
 Fletcherella is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Allepipona is an african genus of potter wasps.
 Orthetrum azureum is a freshwater dragonfly species occurring on Madagascar. It is widely spread throughout the whole region and can be found in various habitats such as gardens and degraded forests.
 Diadegma aztecum is a wasp first described by Cameron in 1904. No subspecies are listed.
 Myelois famula is a species of snout moths in the genus Myelois. It was described by Zeller in 1881 and is known from Colombia.
 Sinocupido is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Malacosoma franconicum is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae. It is found in central and southern Europe as well as Armenia.The wingspan is about 22 mm for males and 36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Artemisia Achillea Plantago Rumex species.
 Ozyptila gertschi is a crab spider species with Holarctic distribution. It is considered new to the fauna of Latvia since 2009.
 Pene galilaea is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.This species is endemic to Israel.
 Spiritestis is a genus of flatworm.
 The Manu Antbird (Cercomacra manu) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Padenia acutifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by De Joannis in 1928. It is found in Vietnam.
 Interdelta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eudonia halirrhoa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Sablia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dindica polyphaenaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan the Himalaya south-east Asia and Sundaland.The wingspan is 45–52 mm.The larvae feed on the young foliage of Litsea species. They are leaf-green with subdorsal yellow-white and lateral white lines over the abdominal segments and with obscure oblique white lines between them. There is also a narrowish yellow ventral stripe with similar oblique yellow lines between it and the lateral line.
 The flatjaw minnow (Tampichthys mandibularis) also known as the sardinita quijarrona is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico. It is considered critically endangered.
 Actinolepidae is an extinct family of placoderm fishes which lived during the Early Devonian period.
 Cupedora nottensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.This species is endemic to Australia.
 Nemophora amatella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is a transpalaearctic species which is widely distributed in Asia (including Siberia Korea and Japan) as well as in northern Europe.The wingspan is 17–24 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July in northern Europe.
 Rieppeleon is a genus of small typically brown chameleons found in forests and savannas in central East Africa (extending slightly into adjacent DR Congo). They are found at low levels in bushes or on the ground among grass or leaf litter.
 Ostrea compressirostra is a species of prehistoric saltwater oyster a fossil that is found in the Eastern United States. It averages 4 centimetres (1.6 in) in length.
 Ctenaulis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mouse-tailed bats are a group of insectivorous bats of the family Rhinopomatidae with only three to six species all contained in the single genus Rhinopoma. They are found in the Old World from North Africa to Thailand and Sumatra in arid and semi-arid regions roosting in caves houses and even the Egyptian pyramids. They are relatively small with a body length of just 5 to 6 centimetres. They weigh between 6 to 14 g.
 The Sooty eel (Bascanichthys bascanium) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan in 1884.
 The Irian Jaya Blue Tongue Skink (Tiliqua sp.) is one of the least understood species of blue-tongued skink. The Irian Jaya has yet to be scientifically classified but is arguably a different species from the other recognized members of the genus.
 Tramitichromis brevis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found over sandy substrates or sand/rock substrates at about 15 metres (49 ft) depth. It can reach a length of 16.3 centimetres (6.4 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Not to be confused with KahawaiEdaphodon kawai was a prehistoric chimaeriform fish species belonging to the genus Edaphodon of which all the species are now extinct. Edaphodon kawai was a type of rabbitfish a cartilaginous fish related to sharks and rays and indeed some rabbitfishes are still alive today. E. kawai is one of numerous Edaphodon species but is the only one which has been discovered in the Southern Hemisphere near New Zealand.
 Amphiarius rugispinis is a species of sea catfish which is found along the northern coast of South America. It is found chiefly in turbid waters of estuaries and around river mouths; it originates from brackish and marine waters of Trinidad Island Guyana Surinam French Guiana and Brazil. This species grows to about 45 cm (18 in) TL. Reproduction in A. rugispinis appears to be between September to November.
 Coleophora alphitonella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Algeria and Tunisia.
 Conus milneedwardsi known to collectors as the Glory of India is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Amolops spinapectoralis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.Its status is insufficiently known.
 Afrowatsonius spilleri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Gastromyzon punctulatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Telipna hollandi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Mitromica africana is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Lachesilla bernardi is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Austria Croatia Cyprus France Greece Hungary Italy Poland Portugal Romania Spain and Switzerland. It can also be found in Near East.
 The Pearl-breasted Swallow (Hirundo dimidiata) is a small swallow. It breeds in southern Africa from Angola southern Zaire and Tanzania southwards. It is partially migratory with many birds from the south west of South Africa wintering further north.This is a bird of dry scrub farmland and clearings. It is often found around human habitation. The Pearl-breasted Swallow builds a bowl-shaped mud nest reinforced with grass or hair and with a soft lining.
 Distatrix is a genus of braconid wasp.
 Dysgonia insignifica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Salmo obtusirostris also known as the Adriatic trout Adriatic salmon and softmouth trout is a species of salmonid fish endemic to the rivers of Western Balkans in southeastern Europe. The scientific name has changed several times through history; synonyms include Thymallus microlepis Salmothymus obtusirostris and Salar obtusirostris.This species spawns in the early spring and is an obligatory freshwater fish. They are an important game fish.
 Orthogonius equimarginalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 The Chthonioidea are a superfamily of pseudoscorpions. The superfamily contains two families:Tridenchthoniidae — worldwide (c. 17 genera 70 species)Chthoniidae — worldwide (c. 30 genera 600 species)Some authors consider the genus Lechytia to be in its own family Lechytiidae rather than to reside in Chthoniidae. The fossil species Dracochela deprehendor from the Devonian is grouped in the family Dacochelidae.
 Leiarius is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America. Most of the genus' species are found in the aquarium hobby as ornamental fish.
 Sinevia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Myrmica schencki is an ant species distributed across Europe (from Great Britain Sweden Finland in the North to Spain Italy and the Balkans in the South) the Caucasus Turkey also in West Siberia Kazakhstan the Tien-Shan and Altai Mountains. Also found near Krasnoyarsk in East Siberia. It inhabits dry habitats in open areas and forests. Nests are found in the ground occasionally in tussocks of grass or moss.
 Glaucostolella are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Glaucostolella oxyteles which is found in South Africa.
 Bulinus wrighti is a species of small tropical air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails and their allies.
 The Dryas monkey (Cercopithecus dryas) also known as Salonga monkey or ntolu is a little-known species of guenon found only in the Congo Basin restricted to the left bank of the Congo River. It is now established that the animals previously classified as Cercopithecus salongo (common name Zaire Diana monkey) were in fact Dryas monkeys.
 Dionda is the genus of desert minnows small fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae. They are native to the fresh waters or North And Central America. They are believed to feed primarily on algae.
 Favartia crouchi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Dysgonia abnegans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Kenya and South Africa.
 Dictyoptera (from Ancient Greek diktuon net + pteron wing) is an insect superorder that includes two orders of polyneopterous insects - the termites and cockroaches (both order: Blattaria) along with the mantids (order: Mantodea).
 Schistura bolavenensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Gravitcornutia cuspis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Catocala dejeani is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China (Situan Shaanxi Guangxi) and Taiwan.Some authors consider it a subspecies of Catocala kuangtungensis.The wingspan is about 67 mm.
 Neocrambus is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. It contains only one species Neocrambus wolfschlaegeri it is found in the Republic of Macedonia Greece and Kurdistan.
 Symmoca suffumata is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Ortalis dispila is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Pectinivalva xenadelpha is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Borneo east Kalimantan.The wingspan is about 4 mm for females. The thorax tegulae and forewings are uniform shining dark grey with weak blue reflections. The hindwings are pale grey.The larvae feed on Syzygium acuminatissimum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a long very narrow contorted gallery.
 Lumirioxa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Black-headed Weaver (Ploceus melanocephalus) also known as the Yellow-backed Weaver is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is found in savanna and similar habitats typically near water in West Central and East Africa. It has also been introduced to Spain and Portugal.[citation needed]
 Opsiclines is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Resapamea diluvius is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It occurs in the Columbia Basin in Washington and northern Oregon. It is possibly also present in the dunes of northern Nevada and the northern Great Plains.The length of the forewings is 16–19 mm for males and 15–18 mm females. The forewings are a mixture of gray brown gray tan red brown gray and blackish-gray scales. The ground color is medium-dark to dark gray brown or reddish-gray brown.
 Pammeces pallida is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in the West Indies.
 Ypsolopha frustella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States including California.
 The Acara Acraea (Acraea acara) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa Mozambique Zimbabwe Zambia southern Zaire (Shaba) Malawi Tanzania and eastern Kenya. The habitat consists of forests and woodland.The wingspan is 55–66 mm for males and 60–72 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas with a peak from November to March.
 Hypocrisias berthula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1912. It is found in Mexico.
 Denariusa australis the Pennyfish is a species of Asiatic glassfish native to Papua New Guinea and Australia. This species grows to a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Liomesaspis is an extinct genus of xiphosuran related to the modern horseshoe crab. It lived from the late Carboniferous to the Early Permian.
 The Olivaceous Piha (Snowornis cryptolophus) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. In regards to population density and range this species is not considered vulnerable.
 Paludomus ajanensis is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae. The natural habitat of this species is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.This species lives in the Seychelles.
 Enigmavasum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae.
 Oligolophus tridens is a species of harvestman. It is found in central Europe.
 The Weebill (Smicrornis brevirostris) is Australia's smallest bird at approximately 8 to 9 cm (3.1 to 3.5 in) long. It is an olive-yellow songbird with a grey bill brown wings pale yellow eyes and grey feet. Its tail feathers are brown with a black bar and white spot on the tip of all inner webs but the central pairs. The sexes are similar.
 Hyelosia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acilius is a holarctic genus of diving beetles in the family Dytiscidae.
 The Great Xenops (Megaxenops parnaguae) is a Furnariid bird which is endemic to the Caatinga region of north-eastern Brazil. It is monotypic within the genus Megaxenops.Its name refers to the superficial similarities to the true xenopses of the genus Xenops. Its bill is similarly up-curved but with a total length of c. 16 cm (6 in) it is noticeably larger and overall bright cinnamon-rufous with a white throat.
 Eois atrostrigata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Commophila nevadensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is about 21 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Liarea egea tessellata is a subspecies of small land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the familyPupinidae.
 Seticosta triangulifera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).The wingspan is 16 mm. The forewings are brown with cream markings dorsum and veins. The hindwings are brown.
 Aglossosia albescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 Shoot A Line (foaled 2 April 1977) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. After winning her only race as a two-year-old she developed into one of the best fillies in Europe in 1980 winning the Cheshire Oaks Ribblesdale Stakes Irish Oaks Yorkshire Oaks and Park Hill Stakes. In the following year she failed to win but ran creditably when finishing second to Ardross in the Ascot Gold Cup.
 Amata hypomela is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1954. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Eulima confusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Odostomia cookeana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.The epithet in this species refers to Mss J. M. Cooke of San Diego
 Clarkeulia sepiaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Hypsotropa makulanella is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Joannis in 1927 and is known from Mozambique.
 Corybantes mathani is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in South America including Venezuela Guyana and Peru.The wingspan is 110-115 mm. Adults are light brown with a greenish hue. The forewing is crossed by a sinuous greyish band at the discal area. The band runs from the costal margin to the inner angle without touching it. There are also two whitish spots found near the costal margin and a yellowish smaller spot.
 The Granular Ringlet (Ypthima granulosa) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Mozambique and eastern Africa south to extreme northern South Africa.The wingspan is 32–36 mm for males and 34–38 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with peak in early summer and autumn in southern Africa.The larvae probably feed on Poaceae grasses.
 Fusinus brianoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Paranillus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Paranillus elongatus Jeannel 1963 Paranillus insularis Giachino 2008 Paranillus latipennis Jeannel 1958 Paranillus longulus Jeannel 1957 Paranillus milloti Jeannel 1949 Paranillus pauliani Jeannel 1957 Paranillus punctatostriatus Jeannel 1963 Paranillus scapularis Jeannel 1957 Paranillus sogai Jeannel 1963↑
 Theretra lomblenica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Lomblen Island in Indonesia.
 Cinctura hunteria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Lamoria exiguata is a species of snout moth. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Paramorpha aquilana is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales and Victoria.
 Truncatella californica common name the Californian truncatella is a species of very small amphibious (between sea and land) snail a gastropod mollusk in the family Truncatellidae.This species occurs on coastlines in the Eastern Pacific: in California and Baja California Mexico. The adult size of the shell is 6 millimetres (0.24 in).
 The Geophaginae are a subfamily of cichlid fishes from South America where they are found as far west as the Andes and as far south as northern Argentina. A single species Geophagus crassilabris is from southernmost Central America.
 Cryptothylax is a small genus of hyperoliid frogs found in the Congo Basin.
 Nielsenoceras is a Paraceltitid genus of from the lower Upper Permian known from sediments in west Texas. The genus is distinguished by exceptionally broad prongs of the ventral lobe and by the presence of a shallow groove on the outer flanks.Paraceltitids (family Paraceltitidae) are ceratitid ammonoid cephalopods that lived during the Late Permian near the end of the Paleozoic.
 Dineurodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Phoenix Eulithis prunata is a moth of the genus Eulithis in the family Geometridae.
 Alcides orontes is a moth of the Uraniidae family. It is known from the Maluku Islands including Seram Island and Ambon Island.
 Lionedya mongolica is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Lionedya.
 Permonautilus is an extinct nautilid from the Upper Permian of Russia Named and described by Kruglov in 1933. Permonautilus is an involute globular spinose member of the Lirocertidae which are included in the Clydonautilaceae. Whorl sections are broad with a rounded venter. The umbilicus in the middle of the shell is deep from which spine-like processes extend laterally in the mature portion near the aperture.
 Burdria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cozzene (1980–2008 Florida-bred) is an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse and outstanding sire. He was bred and raced by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee John A. Nerud and trained by his son Jan.Cozzene began racing at age three winning three of six starts. At age four he won three more races from ten starts and ran third in the Breeders' Cup Mile. In 1985 the then five-year-old Cozzene had his best year in racing with wins in won four of eight starts.
 Snow fleas are a species of dark blue springtail Hypogastrura nivicola. They are often seen jumping about on the surface of snow on a warm winter day.Research at Queen's University (Canada) have sequenced and synthesised the anti-freeze-like protein that allows snow fleas to operate in sub-zero environments and found its sequence to be glycine-rich and unlike any previously known protein.
 Glyphipterix californiae is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Walsingham in 1881. It is found in California.
 Charaxes paradoxa is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Grand Comore. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Phyllanthus species.
 The Japanese spider crab (高脚蟹 takāshigani lit. tall-footed crab) Macrocheira kaempferi is a species of marine crab that lives in the waters around Japan. It has the largest leg span of any arthropod reaching up to 3.8 metres (12 ft) and weighing up to 19 kilograms (42 lb). It is the subject of small-scale fishery which has led to a few conservation measures.
 Mantidactylus brevipalmatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers swamps pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Trypeta mexicana is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Fraus minima is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to New South Wales South Australia Tasmania and Victoria.
 The goldeneye shovelnose ray (Rhinobatos sainsburyi) is a species of fish in the Rhinobatidae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Cyana pallidilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Karisch in 2003. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Psila fimetaria is a European species of fly and member of the family Psilidae.
 Bathybela papyracea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Edwardsina is a genus of fly in family Blephariceridae. It contains the following species: Edwardsina gigantea Edwardsina tasmaniensis
 Erythrocles is a genus of rovers.
 Vexillum sinuosum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Dyseuaresta is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 Roberts's Warbler (Oreophilais robertsi) also known as the Briar Warbler is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It is found in Mozambique and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Phragmataecia gummata is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in China (Fukien Lingping) Vietnam Thailand and Indonesia (Java Sumatra).
 Pseudoschoenobius is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Macropods are marsupials belonging to the family Macropodidae which includes kangaroos wallabies tree-kangaroos pademelons and several others. Macropods are native to Australia New Guinea and some nearby islands. Before European settlement of Australia about 65 species of macropods existed. Six species have since become extinct. Another 11 species have been greatly reduced in numbers. Other species (e.g.
 Lupinoblennius paivai Paiva's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in Brazil. This species can grow to a length of 5.1 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Lycomorphodes coccipyga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1909. It is found on Curaçao.
 Pokhara is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Unaysaurus is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur and is one of the oldest dinosaurs known. It was discovered in southern Brazil in the geopark of paleorrota in 1998 and announced in a press conference on Thursday December 3 2004.
 Abisara bifasciata is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Asia.
 Hyperchirioides is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Asura amabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 The Handsome Fruiteater (Pipreola formosa) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is endemic to Venezuela. Two populations of the species live on the northern coastal regions separated by 400 km (250 mi).Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ischadium is a genus of mussels in the family Mytilidae.
 Moitrelia thymiella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Italy and Turkey.
 Thomas's Flying Squirrel (Aeromys thomasi) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Equus occidentalis or the Western horse was a Pleistocene species of horse now extinct that inhabited North America.This species represents the larger end of the prehistoric horse spectrum - it was about the size of a mustang weighting up to 519 kg (1144 lbs). It was a stoutly built animal and resembled the extinct quagga or the modern plains zebra although it was not a close relative of either or these species.
 Olios suavis is a spider species found in Cyprus Israel and Egypt.
 Fusinus pyrulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Bacillogaster is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Pachrophylla.
 Tracheliastes polycolpus is a copepod ectoparasite of a number of freshwater fish in Western Europe including Leuciscus burdigalensis the beaked dace. The parasite attaches itself to the fins of the host and lives on the mucus and epithelial cells of the host.
 Essonistis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pogonodon is a genus of minute sea snails with left-handed shell-coiling marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Triphoridae.
 Amorphoscelis orientalis is a species of praying mantis native to Kenya Somalia and Tanzania.
 Eleutherodactylus pyrrhomerus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Semalea atrio the Small Silky Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Aglaiocercus is a genus of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae. It contains the following species: Long-tailed Sylph Aglaiocercus kingi Violet-tailed Sylph Aglaiocercus coelestis Venezuelan Sylph Aglaiocercus berlepschi
 Eppihus hippeus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Jammu and Kashmir).The wingspan is about 9 millimetres (0.35 in). The ground colour of the forewings is whitish hardly tinged pinkish cream terminally and strongly suffused with brownish-grey and strigulated with brownish in the basal half of the wing. The hindwings are pale brownish-grey but dirty cream in the terminal third where it is also strigulated with brownish grey.
 Aeshnoidea is a superfamily of dragonflies that contains five families one of which has no extant species.
 Euphemitidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs of uncertain position. They have isostrophically coiled shells and may be either Gastropoda sea (snail)s or Monoplacophora.
 Phaulacantha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Stigmella ilicifoliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is widespread in Portugal and Spain. In France it is known from old specimens along the Atlantic coast near Bordeaux and in the Hérault and the Côte d’Azur near Cannes.The wingspan is 6-6.6 mm. Adults are on wing from June to early September.The larvae feed on Quercus ilex Quercus ilex rotundifolia and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Peltospiroidea n. sp. East Scotia Ridge (nomen nudum) is an as yet undescribed species of deep sea peltospiroid sea snail from hydrothermal vents a marine gastropod mollusk in the clade Vetigastropoda.
 Anthophora dispar is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae tribus Anthophorini.
 Acrocercops cocciferellum is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France Spain and Tunisia.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on underside of the leaf.
 Enteucha cyanochlora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Guyana.
 Scopula ludibunda is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 The Rufous-winged Sparrow (Peucaea carpalis) is a medium-small long-tailed American sparrow with a gray face and rusty crown and supercilium; the rufous lesser coverts of the wing for which it is named are often concealed.
 The Churring Cisticola (Cisticola njombe) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Malawi Tanzania and Zambia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Plesiocystiscus bavayi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Polycaoninae is a subfamily of beetles.
 Veprecula morra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Mesalina is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae. It has fourteen described species.
 Eupithecia rosmarinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France and Spain.The larvae feed on Rosmarinus and Thymus species.
 Pestarella tyrrhena (formerly Callianassa tyrrhena) is a species of thalassinidean crustacean (ghost shrimp or mud shrimp) which grows to a length of 70 mm (2.8 in). It lives in burrows in shallow sandy parts of the sea-bed in the Mediterranean Sea and northern Atlantic Ocean. It is the most common thalassinidean in the Mediterranean and has been used as bait by fishermen for at least 200 years.
 Tricholaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Eukaryota > Metazoa > Chordata > Craniata > Vertebrata > Euteleostomi > Actinopterygii > Neopterygii > Teleostei > ElopocephalaElopocephala is a group of teleostei animals that contains:ClupeocephalaEuteleosteiNeognathiProtacanthopterygiiOtocephalaClupeomorphaOstariophysiElopomorphaAlbuliformesAlbuloideiAnguilliformesAnguilloideiCongroideiMuraenoideiSaccopharyngoideiElopiformesElopoideiNotacanthiformesNotacanthoidei
 Ecdemus obscuratus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found in Costa Rica and Honduras.
 Clypidina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The Glossosomatoidea are a superfamily of the class Insecta and order Trichoptera.
 Arthritica crassiformis is a species of small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Lasaeidae.
 Schistura globiceps is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Glipa balabacana is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1917.
 Odostomia costaricensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Bougainville Mosaic-tailed Rat (Melomys bougainville) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 The Pinocchio lizard or Pinocchio anole (Anolis proboscis) is a small lizard belonging to the genus Anolis of the family Polychrotidae. It was discovered in 1953 in Ecuador. Pinocchio lizard. (Anolis proboscis)Presumed extinct when it was not seen after the 1960s it was rediscovered in 2005. The species had been officially sighted only three times since that year until 2013 when researchers found evidence of a breeding colony in the remote regions of Ecuador.
 Makowskia is an extinct genus of discosauriscid seymouriamorph known from the early Permian (lower Saxonian age) of Boskovice Furrow in the Czech Republic. It was first named by Jozef Klembara in 2005 and the type species is Makowskia laticephala. The generic name honors Alexander Makowsky for describing the first specimens of discosauriscids from the Boskovice Furrow and the specific name means “broad” (latus in Latin) + “head” (kefalé in Greek).
 Stomopteryx neftensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in southern Tunisia.
 Raphitoma alternans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Musca autumnalis the face fly or autumn house-fly is a pest of cattle and horses.
 Steinheilia mandibularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Steinheilia.
 Turbonilla brachia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Opatrini is a tribe of darkling beetles (Tenebrionidae) in the subfamily Tenebrioninae.
 Cymbovula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Hemicopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The San Jose Island kangaroo rat (Dipodomys merriami insularis) is a subspecies of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to Mexico where it is found only on San José Island off the east coast of Baja California Sur. (Dipodomys merriami insularis) is restricted to an area of only 30 km2 in the southwestern coast of San José Island with the population having been drastically reduced in size and being close to extinction No other species of Dipodomys occur in sympatry with D.
 Chlorolestes elegans is a species of damselfly in family Synlestidae. It is found in Botswana Malawi Mozambique South Africa and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chiasmia streniata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most countries of subtropical Africa from Sénégal to Kenya and Sudan to South Africa.The wingspan is 28 mm.
 The Negros Scops Owl (Otus nigrorum) is an owl endemic to the Philippines belonging to the family of the typical owls Strigidae. Negros Scops Owls prey at night on insects. They live alone or in monogamous pairs. They breed throughout the year laying clutches of 1-2 eggs. They nest in trees holes of forests of the Philippine lowlands. They are found on the island of Negros. They were formerly classified as a subspecies of the Philippine Scops Owl.
 Bazaria djiroftella is a species of snout moth in the genus Bazaria. It was described by Amsel in 1959. It was described from Persia.
 Myosotella denticulata common name the mouse ear snail is a European species of small salt marsh snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.
 Depressaria incognitella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France Spain Switzerland and Italy.
 Scutellastra mexicana is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Pseliastis trizona is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Tasmania.
 Euryphura achlys is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is known as the Forest Green Butterfly or Mottled-green Nymph. The southern most limit is Ongoye Forest South Africa. It is also found in the forests of eastern Zimbabwe and in Mozambique and Kenya.The wingspan is 48-55 mm for males and 55-65 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round but mainly from March to June.Larval food plants are the Common Coca Tree (Erythroxylum emarginatum) and Craibia brevicaudata.
 Mordellistena lampros is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1962 by Franciscolo.
 The Palm Cockatoo (Probosciger aterrimus) also known as the Goliath Cockatoo or Great Black Cockatoo is a large smoky-grey or black parrot of the cockatoo family native to New Guinea and far north Queensland Australia. It has a very large black beak and prominent red cheek patches.The bird was also called Goliath Aratoo in Wood's Natural History (1862).
 Grindstone (foaled January 23 1993) is a thoroughbred racehorse who won the Kentucky Derby in 1996. He became jockey Jerry Bailey's 2nd Kentucky Derby winner and the second in a row for trainer D. Wayne Lukas.
 The barred bichir armoured bichir or banded bichir (Polypterus delhezi) is a snake-like fish found in the Congo River specifically in the upper and middle portions. This species is one of the more commonly available in commercial pet stores.
 Caseolus sphaerulus is a species of small land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk.The specific epithet is spelled C. sphaerulus in both of the references here cited however the species is also often referred to in reputable sources as C. sphaerula for example in the Convention of Berne and the Habitats Directive. Here we are assuming these usages are in error firstly because the Latin word caseolus is masculine and also for reasons of consistency because R.T.
 Marywadea is a genus of Ediacaran biota shaped like an oval with a central ridge. It is a bilaterian organism as evidenced by its symmetry. The fossil has an asymmetrical first chamber of the quilt. It has transverse ridges away from the central axis that may be gonads. The head is shaped as a semicircle and is the same width as the rest of the body. The ridges number about 50. There are two oval shapes below the head.Marywadea ovata is the only species known. Originally M.
 Parancistrocerus is a rather large genus of potter wasps whose distribution spans over the Nearctic Palearctic Oriental and Neotropical regions. Their species are notable for having a smopth depression acting as an acarinarium at the base of the second metasomal tergum and hidden under the first metasomal tergum. This acarinarium serves as shelter for symbiotic deuteronymphs of mites in the family Winterschmitiidae.
 Orthogonius picilabris is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by W.S.Macleay in 1825.
 Avatha novoguineana is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea and Cape York Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 The Tufted Coquette ( Lophornis ornatus ) is a tiny hummingbird that breeds in eastern Venezuela Trinidad Guiana and northern Brazil. It is an uncommon but widespread species which appears to be a local or seasonal migrant although its movements are not well understood.This small bird inhabits open country gardens and cultivation. It is 6.6 cm long and weighs 2.3 g. The black-tipped red bill is short and straight.The male Tufted Coquette is a striking bird.
 Ercheia ekeikei is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea as well as Queensland.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Saphenista consectaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sonora).
 Polyosteorhynchus is an extinct genus of coelacanth lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period (Serpukhovian stage about 318 - 326 million years ago). The size of Polyosteorhynchus was about 35 – 19 cm long.
 The axillary wrasse Symphodus mediterraneus is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from the Azores and Madeira to the coasts of Portugal to Morocco and then along the coastal waters of the Mediterranean Sea. This species can be found in eelgrass beds at depths from 1 to 50 m (3.3 to 164.0 ft). It can reach 18 cm (7.1 in) in standard length though most do not exceed 12 cm (4.7 in).
 Callidium bifasciatum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1787.
 Mordellistena mertoni is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1911.
 Ochyrotica gielisi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Panama.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 The least chub (Iotichthys phlegethontis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family the only member of the genus Iotichthys.This species is found only in Utah in the United States. Its native habitat formerly included much of the Bonneville Basin and it was widely distributed in freshwater ponds swamps springs and tributaries around the Great Salt Lake Utah Lake and Sevier Lake. Populations were also abundant in springs within the Snake and Utah valleys.
 Eucithara coronata is a small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Nassarius ovoideus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Tarunius punctatus is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae the only species in the genus Tarunius.
 The Black-collared Jay (Cyanolyca armillata) is a jay found in Andean forests in Ecuador Colombia and Venezuela. It was formerly considered conspecific with the White-collared Jay.
 Melese castrena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Brazil.
 Sarawakita hewitti is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Sarawakita.
 Dorcadion scopolii is a species of longhorn beetle in the subfamily Lamiinae.
 Eumalacostraca is a subclass of crustaceans containing almost all living malacostracans or about 40000 described species. The remaining subclasses are the Phyllocarida and possibly the Hoplocarida. Eumalacostracans have 19 segments (5 cephalic 8 thoracic and 6 abdominal). The thoracic limbs are jointed and used for swimming or walking. The common ancestor is thought to have had a carapace and most living species possess one but it has been lost in some subgroups.
 Izatha lignyarcha is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is known only from higher altitudes on the North Island volcanoes (Mount Taranaki and Mount Ruapehu) except for one specimen from Taupo and one from Masterton.The wingspan is 24.5–30 mm for males and 24–31 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in November December January and February.
 Bocana silenusalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in Asia from India to Borneo.
 Favartia avatea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pasiphila dryas is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.Adults are on wing in December and January.The forewings are dull rosy-brown with numerous obscure blackish transverse lines. The hindwings are grey tinged with rosy-brown with numerous very faint blackish transverse lines.
 Oregocerata triangulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.The length of the forewings is about 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish suffusedwith brown specks and brown striae. The hindwings are white tinged with cream on the periphery and strigulated with pale grey brown in anteroterminal area.
 Mesosuchia is an obsolete name for a group of terrestrial semi-aquatic or fully aquatic crocodylomorph reptiles. The marine crocodile Metriorhynchus had paddle-like forelimbs Dakosaurus andiniensis had a skull that was adapted to eat large sea reptiles and Shamosuchus was adapted for eating molluscs and gastropods. Shamosuchus also looked like modern crocodiles and was very closely related to their direct ancestor.
 Thomas's Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus thomasi) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in China Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 The Himalayan goral (Naemorhedus goral) is a bovid species found across the Himalayas. It has been classified as Near Threatened by IUCN because it is believed to be in significant decline due to hunting for food and habitat loss.
 Papilio hipponous is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Philippines.The larvae feed on Citrus species.
 Cyrtocarcinus truncatus is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae that lives in the waters around Hawaii. It was described in 1906 by Mary J. Rathbun as Harrovia truncata based on a single immature male specimen caught near Kauai. Masatsune Takeda transferred the species to his new genus Glyptocarcinus in 1979 and Peter Ng and Diana Chia erected a new genus Cyrtocarcinus for this species alone in 1994.
 Tactusa sumatrensis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Sumatra.The wingspan is 12-13 mm. The ground colour of the forewing is yellowish interrupted by brownish cross shades especially by a medial shade. Only the terminal lines are visible marked by dark-brown spots. The subterminal line is indicated by black patches outlined inwardly by yellow. The hindwing is dark grey with an indistinct discal spot and the underside is unicolorous grey.
 Bucculatrix comporabile is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Seksjaeva in 1989. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorsky Krai) and Japan (Hokkaido Honshu).The wingspan is 6-7 mm. The forewings are brown with brown patches. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Quercus crispula Quercus dentata and possibly Quercus serrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The young larvae form a linear mine. Pupation takes place in a white cocoon.
 Thais chocolata common name locate in Spanish is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the rock snails. This species is endemic to the west coast of South America: (Chile Ecuador and Peru). The snail is found in the intertidal zone and is quite common on rocky shores both in sheltered waters and on the open coast.
 The Madagascan Lark (Mirafra hova) is a species of lark endemic to Madagascar in the Alaudidae family.
 Pelurga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Species include: Pelurga comitata – Dark Spinach
 Turbonilla syrtensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Synodontis rebeli is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it occurs in the Sanaga River basin. This species grows to a length of 26.2 centimetres (10.3 in) TL.
 Schokari Sand Racer (Psammophis schokari) is a species of Colubrid snake found in parts of Asia and Africa.
 Xylocopa valga is a species of carpenter bee common to western central and southern Europe except for far northern latitudes the Caucasus Middle East Central Asia and Mongolia. The solitary bee has a black and blue coloured body 20–27 mm in length and densely covered with purple hairs. The small wings also have a purple tint. The bee creates cavity nests by gnawing the wood in the trunks of dead trees and in old wooden structures. It inhabits both forests and urban areas.
 Hysterura is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Italian Aesculapian Snake (Zamenis lineatus) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
 Hastula strigilata common name the strigate auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Leptotyphlops rufidorsus or the Rose blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Conus terryni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Oreixenica is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family. The genus contains 6 species.
 The Indiana bat (Myotis sodalis) is a medium-sized mouse-eared bat native to North America. It lives primarily in eastern and midwestern states and in parts of the south of the United States. The Indiana bat is gray black or chestnut in color and is 1.2–2 inches and weighs 4.5 – 9.5 grams (0.16 – 0.34 oz.).
 Chapeau d'Espagne (1834 – circa 1848) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1837. Chapeau d'Espagne was one of the best two-year-old fillies of 1836 when she won the Criterion Stakes and was placed in both the Molecomb Stakes and the Clearwell Stakes. In the following year she won the 1000 Guineas and finished second in the Oaks Stakes.
 Alburnus nasreddini is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus that is endemic to Turkey.
 Pseudaletis cornesi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 Coleophora dentiferoides is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus militaris. They create a tubular silken seed case.
 Omaliinae MacLeay 1825 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae. See Newton et al. (2001) and references therein for further information about this subfamily.
 Mitromorpha chelonion is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Colias wiskotti is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Turkestan Uzbekistan Afghanistan Tadzikhistan and Kashmir. The habitat consists of xerophytic mountains.It is a highly polymorphous species with a lot of varieties or forms described. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Acantolimon Oxytropis and Onobrychis echidna.
 The Grey-necked Rockfowl (Picathartes oreas) is a medium-sized bird in the family Picathartidae with a long neck and tail. Also known as the Grey-necked Picathartes this passerine is mainly found in rocky areas of close-canopied rainforest from southwest Nigeria through Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and southwest Gabon. It additionally lives on the island of Bioko. Its distribution is patchy with populations often isolated from each other.
 The Spot-backed Antshrike (Hypoedaleus guttatus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is the only member of the genus Hypoedaleus. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Akera is a marine genus of sea hare in the family Akeridae known from the late Callovian (Jurassic) to the recent periods.
 Madecassina is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Madecassina alluaudi Jeannel 1949 Madecassina angusticollis (Alluaud 1899) Madecassina curta (Alluaud 1935) Madecassina maculata (Alluaud 1899) Madecassina occipitalis Jeannel 1949 Madecassina permira (Alluaud 1935) Madecassina picta (Alluaud 1897) Madecassina puncticollis Jeannel 1949 Madecassina sicardi Jeannel 1949 Madecassina tanala (Alluaud 1935)↑
 Nebria kratteri kratteri is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Albania Greece Italy and Republic of Macedonia.
 Meiglyptes is a genus of bird in the Picidae family. It contains the following 3 species: Buff-rumped Woodpecker (Meiglyptes tristis) Black-and-buff Woodpecker (Meiglyptes jugularis) Buff-necked Woodpecker (Meiglyptes tukki)
 Ophioglossolambis violacea is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae family the true conchs and their allies.
 The Slaty-headed Parakeet (Psittacula himalayana) is the only psittacid species to exhibit altitudinal migration. The species' range extends from Pakistan to Western Himalayas in India through Nepal and Bhutan and up to the Eastern Himalayas in the northeastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh. They descend to the valleys in winter approximately during the last week of October.
 Brocchinia harasewychi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Eois polycyma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Philippines.
 The Plain-breasted Ground Dove (Columbina minuta) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. They lack the scaled appearance to the feathers of the similar and typically more abundant Common Ground Dove. With a total length of approximately 14–16 cm (5.5-6.3 in) and a weight of 24–26 g (0.85–0.92 oz) this species averages slightly smaller than the Common Ground Dove.
 Cicindela puritana commonly referred to as the Puritan tiger beetle is a federally listed threatened species of beetle in the United States. It is native to Connecticut Maryland Massachusetts New Hampshire and Vermont; it is now extirpated from the latter two states.
 Strongyles (from the Greek strongulos meaning round) or alternatively strongyls are nematode worms of the family Strongylidae order Strongylida. They are often parasitic in the gastrointestinal tract of mammals especially grazers such as sheep cattle and horses.
 Sciaroidea is a superfamily in the infraorder Bibionomorpha. Most of its constituent families are various gnats.
 Stenalia escherichi is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1899 by Schilsky.
 Sir Visto (1892–1914) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1894 to 1896 he ran thirteen times and won three races. As a three-year-old in the 1895 he won both the Epsom Derby and the St Leger at Doncaster. He failed to win in six subsequent races and was retired to stud at the end of the 1896 season.
 Bucculatrix diacapna is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in north-western Persia.
 Aleptina clinopetes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Arizona and Mexico.
 Carsothrissops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 The giant sea star Pisaster giganteus is a species of sea star that lives along the western coast of North America from Southern California to British Columbia. It makes its home on rocky shores near the low tide mark. It preys on mollusks. It can grow as large as 24 in (61 cm) in diameter. Its color varies from brown to red or purple.
 Eois ciocolatina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 The plains pocket gopher (Geomys bursarius) is one of thirty-five species of pocket gopher so named in reference to their externally located fur-lined cheek pouches. They are burrowing animals found in grasslands and agricultural land across the Great Plains of North America from Manitoba to Texas. Pocket gophers are the most highly fossorial rodents found in North America.
 Euzopherodes allocrossa is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzopherodes. It is found in Australia.
 Drasteria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family and only genus in the subtribe Synedina (= Melipotina).
 Carabus albrechti awashimae is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Japan.
 The Bellona Metalmark (Necyria bellona) is a butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in most of South America.
 Calesiodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Albulina metallica the Small Green Underwing is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in India.
 Biston contectaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan) India and Nepal.
 Stigmella longispina is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Tadzhikistan.
 The Loxurini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. As not all Theclinae have been assigned to tribes the genus list is preliminary. Dapidodigma sometimes placed here rather seems to belong to the Cheritrini however.
 Anchylobela phaulodes is a species of snout moths in the genus Anchylobela. It was described by Turner in 1947 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 Alucita jujuyensis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Alypophanes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Berycopsis is an extinct genus of beardfish from the Cretaceous period. It was about 35 centimetres (14 in) long and one of the first members of the Acanthopterygii the group that includes the present day barracuda swordfish seahorses and flatfish. Like its modern relatives the first fin rays in the dorsal and anal fins were modified into defensive spines and the pelvic fins were located close to the pectoral fins.
 The Rufous-tailed Antbird (Drymophila genei) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Although generally described as common it is becoming rare due to habitat loss.[citation needed]
 Macrocypraea cervinetta the 'Little Deer Cowry' is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Brachyceridae is a family of beetles.
 Afrodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps.
 Pseudodexilla is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Cochylimorpha bipunctata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Shanxi).
 Anthidium ordinatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Mesochorinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. Mesochorinae are koinobiont hyperparasitoids of ectoparasitic or endoparasitic Ichneumonoidea and less frequently of Tachinidae (Diptera). There are 10 genera.
 The White M Hairstreak Parrhasius m-album is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Connecticut west to southeast Iowa and Missouri south to east Texas the Gulf Coast and peninsular Florida. On rare occasions some stray to Michigan and Wisconsin.The wingspan is 32–41 mm. The larvae feed on Quercus virginiana and other Quercus species.
 Sophiropsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Quitacetra is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Agelena is a genus of Agelenid spiders that trap their prey by weaving entangling non-sticky funnel webs. The genus is limited to the Old world where it occurs from Africa to Japan. It is sometimes referred to as Eurasian Grass Spiders as opposed to its North-American counterpart Agelenopsis.Agelena limbata is one of the most common web-weaving spider species in Japan the species known as Agelena opulenta was moved to the genus Allagelena in 2006.
 The Definitive Leaf-eared Mouse (Phyllotis definitus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in west central Peru in rocky and shrub-covered areas at elevations between 2600 and 3000 m.
 Eremochroa alphitias is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland South Australia and Victoria.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have pale brown patterned forewings and even paler hindwings.
 Elginia was a pareiasaur; a member of a group of Late Permian parareptiles which normally grew up to 3 metres (9.8 ft).
 Tegastidae is a family of copepods which are characterised by having laterally compressed bodies (resembling that of an amphipod) a claw-like mandible in the nauplius stage and by a modified male genital complex. Around 60 species have been described in 6 genera.
 Afrobeata is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Lycomorphodes griseovariegata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gibeaux in 1983. It is found in French Guiana.
 Pararetifusus dedonderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The White-naped Seedeater (Dolospingus fringilloides) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. Sometimes classified in the bunting and American sparrow family Emberizidae more recent studies have shown it to belong in the Thraupidae. It is the only member of the genus Dolospingus.It is found in Brazil Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Eisenia andrei is a close relative of the 'brandling' or 'tiger' worm Eisenia fetida. Like its sibling species it is epigeic i.e. it prefers to live in compost or leaf litter rather than mineral soils. It can be distinguished from E. fetida as it is darker in colour and the characteristic stripes are less pronounced. Although its status as a separate species was fully confirmed in the mid-1980s by molecular analyses (based on electrophoresis of protein isoforms) E.
 Garra rotundinasus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Micrommia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Micrommia jugifera which is found in the Amazon region.
 Megalagrion leptodemas is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii. It inhabits rivers in the Waiʻanae and Koʻolau ranges. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Agdistis unguica is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Daria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and contains the species D. coenosella. It is found in central Asia including Kazakhstan and Mongolia.
 Rhizotrogus aestivus is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria France and Spain. It is also occurs in Czech Republic and Slovakia.
 Amurilla is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Reversed Haploa (Haploa reversa) is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in North America from south-eastern Illinois Iowa Kansas New York Oklahoma and Wisconsin.The wingspan is about 33 mm. Adults are white with a pattern of brown lines in two triangles on the forewing. The hindwings are clear white. There are two forms one of which has reversed markings.
 Arapaima is a genus of bonytongues native to the Amazon River of Brazil.
 Vinicoloraobovella is a genus of mites in the family Urodinychidae.
 Nononito was a French champion Thoroughbred race horse and sire. A specialist stayer he ran twenty-two times on the flat and thirteen times over hurdles in a career which lasted from 1994 until 1998. Although he won only three of his flat races he was noted for his consistency and ran prominently in numerous top class staying events in France and England.
 Trivirostra mactanica is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Hadongsuchus is an extinct genus of protosuchian crocodylomorph. Fossils have been found from the Hasandong Formation outcropping on Hadong Island South Korea. The formation dates back to the Hauterivian and Barremian stages of the Early Cretaceous. A complete fossil skull was discovered in 2002 and the genus was named in 2005 on the basis of this holotype. Certain features of the third premaxillary tooth help distinguish it from other related crocodylomorphs.
 Amata melitospila is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.The wingspan is about 35 mm. Adults are black with transparent windows in the wings. The abdomen has black and yellow bands.
 Lufengpithecus hudienensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene of China.
 Common names: urutu wutu crossed pit viper.Bothrops alternatus is a venomous pit viper species found in Brazil Paraguay Uruguay and Argentina. Within its range it is an important cause of snakebite. The specific name alternatus which is Latin for alternating is apparently a reference to the staggered markings along the body. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 This article is about a single species of tortoise. For related species in North America that are also called gopher tortoises see GopherusThe gopher tortoise (Gopherus polyphemus) is a species of the Gopherus genus native to the southeastern United States. The gopher tortoise is seen as a keystone species because it digs burrows that provide shelter for 360 other animal species.
 Pleurotomella ohlini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Argentopyge is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now Argentina. It was described by Baldis in 1972 and the type species is Argentopyge argentina.
 Gyrineum gyrinum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Glareadessus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Glareadessus franzi Wewalka & Biström 1998 Glareadessus stocki Wewalka & Biström 1998↑
 Manoba fasciatus is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam) Thailand and Japan.
 Trapezites waterhousei is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Western Australia.The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on Xerolirion divaricata.
 Alloclita delozona is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in the Near East and the Middle East from Egypt Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to India.The wingspan is 11-13 mm. Adults have been recorded from February to March in Saudi Arabia.
 Problepsis metallopictata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Ambon Island.
 Cyana basialba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Nosphistica bisinuata is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family which is endemic to Taiwan.
 Urodeta acerba is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The wingspan is 4.7-5.4 mm. The thorax tegula and forewing are grey brown mottled with blackish brown tipped scales. The hindwings are very narrow and grey brown. Adults have been recorded in March and May.
 Batrachedra promylaea is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in India.
 Colla opalifera Dognin's Greasy Roller is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1911. It is found in Venezuela Ecuador Peru and Brazil. The habitat consists of rainforests and cloudforests where it is found at elevations between 100 and 800 meters.
 Saphenista ephimera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Freak (Calinaga buddha) is a species of butterfly in the Calinaginae sub-family that is found in parts of Southeast Asia and in India.
 Arcoptilia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Plectrohyla matudai is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Guatemala Mexico and possibly Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Daedalochila uvulifera common name the peninsula liptooth is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Xenophora japonica is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Eilema goniophoroides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Cameroon.
 The Bocage's Akalat (Sheppardia bocagei) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Nigeria Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitats are boreal forests subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical swamps and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Portuguese naturalist José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage.The subspecies S. b.
 Clypeaster chesheri is a species of sea urchins of the Family Clypeasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Clypeaster chesheri was first scientifically described in 1970 by Serafy.
 Anthene crawshayi Crawshay’s Hairtail or Crawshay’s Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea-Bissau Burkina Faso Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Sudan Uganda Ethiopia Somalia Kenya Tanzania the Democratic Republic of Congo Malawi Zambia Zimbabwe and South Africa. The habitat consists of savanna and open forests.Adult males mud-puddle and both sexes are attracted to the flowers of Acacia trees.
 The Gunnison Sage-Grouse (Centrocercus minimus) is a species of grouse endemic to the United States. It is similar to the closely related Greater Sage-Grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus) in appearance but about a third smaller in size with much thicker plumes behind the head; it also has a less elaborate courtship dance. It is restricted in range to southwestern Colorado and extreme southeastern Utah with the largest population residing in the Gunnison Basin region in Colorado.
 Philbertia japonica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 Copelatus suppar is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1956.
 Procaris chacei is a species of shrimp in the family Procarididae. It is endemic to Bermuda.
 Chicoreus fosterorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Costa Rican Variable Harlequin Toad (Atelopus varius) also known as the clown frog is a neo-tropical true toad from the family Bufonidae (Crump 1986). Once ranging from Costa Rica to Panama A. varius is now listed as critically endangered and has been reduced to a single remnant population near Quepos Costa Rica (rediscovered in 2003) and is presumed to be extinct in Panama (IUCN).
 Gymnothorax steindachneri is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean around Hawaii. It was first named by Jordan and Evermann in 1903 and is commonly known as the Steindachner's moray eel or the Brown speckled eel. It is rarely seen in the wild due to its aggressive nature. It will lie in wait for a passing animal ad then ambush it.
 Pterophorus kuningus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Polycestis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Polycestis foveicollis Fairmaire 1899 Polycestis hauseri Obenberger 1934 Polycestis johanidesi Bily 1997 Polycestis rhois Marseul 1865 Polycestis strandi Obenberger 1934↑
 The Boisduval's Autumn Moth (Oenosandra boisduvalii) is a moth of the Oenosandridae family and only member of the Oenosandra genus. It is found in the southern half of Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 Aulopopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
 Barbodes resimus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Lake Lanao in Mindanao Philippines where it is only known to occurs at the Agus Rapids at the lake's outlet. It is one of the several species of fish in the Philippines known as bagangan. This species can reach a length of 2.2 centimetres (0.87 in) TL.
 Thyatirodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Brazza's Martin (Phedina brazzae) is a passerine bird in the swallow family Hirundinidae. It is 12 cm (4.25 in) long with grey-brown upperparts heavily black-streaked white underparts and a brownish tint to the breast plumage. The sexes are similar but juvenile birds have more diffuse breast streaking and reddish-brown edges to the feathers of the back and wings.
 Argyresthia austerella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Florida Texas Oklahoma Ohio Kentucky Illinois Missouri New Hampshire and Maryland.The wingspan is 8-9 mm. The forewings are white with striking dark-brown markings. The entire costal edge and apical part of the wing is mottled with dark brown in which theground colour appears as small dots and dashes especially in the apical part.
 Infundibulops cariniferus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Chaetostomella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Coleophora praecipua is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria Libya and Saudi Arabia.
 The Chilean Moth (Chilecomadia moorei) is a moth of the Cossidae family. The Butterworm is the larval form and is commonly used as fishing bait in South America.Butterworms like mealworms are used as food for Insectivore pets such as geckos and other reptiles as their scent and bright color help attract the more stubborn eaters. They are also called tebro worms or trevo worms and are high in fat and calcium.
 Oliva fijiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Grey-rumped Swallow (Pseudhirundo griseopyga) is a species of bird in the monotypic genus Pseudhirundo in the Hirundinidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 The Eurasian Siskin (Carduelis spinus) is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae. It is also called the European Siskin Common Siskin or just Siskin. Other (archaic) names include Black-headed Goldfinch barley bird and aberdevine. It is very common throughout Europe and Asia.
 Tayloria is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 The Short-billed Miner (Geositta antarctica) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family probably the most southerly breeding passerine in the world. It weighs around 37 grams (1.3 oz) and is typically around 14 centimetres (5.5 in) in length including the tail which when in flight is distinctively black with white edges.
 Broter ovicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Broter.
 Anadromidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Eupulmonata (according to taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Crossata is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Ladronellum is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Atthis is a genus of hummingbirds. It consists of two small species found in Central America Mexico and the southern United States.They are:Bumblebee Hummingbird Atthis heloisaWine-throated Hummingbird Atthis ellioti
 Triplophysa flavicorpus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Chersotis andereggii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the southern Urals Turkey north-western Iran Transcaucasia Turkmenistan Azerbaijan Kirghizia the Altai mountains the Sayan Mountains Baikal Kamchatka Mongolia the Himalaya the Alps southern Finland and northern Estonia.The wingspan is 29–32 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of July to the first half of August.The larvae feed on Lychnis Melilotus and Trifolium species.
 Acanthofrontia lithosiana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1910. It is found in Kenya.
 Scaphiophryne marmorata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family commonly known as the green burrowing frog. It is endemic to Madagascar where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical forests intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest. It is classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN as it is threatened by habitat loss.
 Blanchardinella is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. It consists of only one species Blanchardinella venosus which is found in Chile. The genus was named in honour of Émile Blanchard.
 Fardoulis' Blossom Bat Melonycteris fardoulisi is a species of bat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neocaristius heemstrai is a species of manefish native to the oceans of the southern hemisphere where it is known to occur at depths of from 420 to 1360 metres (1380 to 4460 ft). This species grows to a length of 11.8 centimetres (4.6 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Nyctimystes is a genus of tree frog in the Hylidae family. They are principally Papuan species but do inhabit islands in the Moluccas and northern Queensland Australia. All species in this genus have one distinct feature that separates them from other species in the Hylidae the lower eyelid is marked with pattern of lines veins or dots. This feature presumably acts as camouflage when the frogs are at rest during the day. This genus inhabits tropical or subtropical montane rainforest.
 Teliphasa nubilosa is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Asia including Taiwan and India.
 Hemitripterus is a genus of sea ravens native to the northern Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
 Afroturbonilla engli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. This species is one of three other species within the Afroturbonilla genus with the exception of the others being Afroturbonilla hattenbergeriana and Afroturbonilla multitudinalis.
 Discartemon is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Gypsonoma sociana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe to Russia.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae burrows into a twig of a Populus or Salix species and later occupies a leaf bud.
 Flax solomoni is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands (it was described from north-western Guadalcanal).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The labial palps head patagia basal part of tegulae and thorax are black brown. The forewings (including fringes) are brown with blackish-brown subterminal and terminal areas. The base of the costa and the medial area are also blackish-brown with a black dot in the inner lower area and four dark-brown subapical costal dots.
 The Jersey Mocha (Cyclophora ruficiliaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in Europe.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The moths fly from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak.
 Hyalurga fenestrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Brazil and Paraguay.
 War Emblem (foaled February 20 1999 in Kentucky) was the winner of the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes in 2002. His Derby time was 2:01.13. Victor Espinoza was his jockey for the Derby never having seen the horse until the morning of the race. War Emblem who went off at 21-to-1 odds gave trainer Bob Baffert his third Derby winner in 12 tries.
 Myrmecia analis is a species of the Myrmecia genus. Myrmecia analis is usually only found in Western Australia. It was described by Mayr in 1862.Myrmecia analis are around 20-22 millimetres long on average but some workers can be slightly smaller and have the colour tone similar to Myrmecia vindex but the head is slightly darker. The mandibles are around 3-4 millimeters long.
 Gibberula chiarae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Vinciguerria lucetia is a species of the genus Vinciguerria known by the common name Panama lightfish.
 Teratoscincus is a genus of geckos commonly referred to as wonder geckos or frog-eyed geckos; it is the only genus within the subfamily Teratoscincinae. They are found from the Arabian Peninsula in Qatar the United Arab Emirates and Oman west across southern Asia in Iran Afghanistan and Pakistan north to Russia Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan and Tajikistan to Mongolia and China. The genus consists of six species.
 Parevander is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Parevander hovorei Giesbert 1984 Parevander nietii (Guérin-Méneville 1844) Parevander nobilis (Bates 1872) Parevander unicolor (Bates 1880) Parevander xanthomelas (Guérin-Méneville 1844)↑
 Gymnodoris arnoldi is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. It was first described in 1957.
 Montenegrina is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 Cameraria borneensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Sabah).The wingspan is about 4.2 mm.The larvae feed on Archidendron species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Blotch mines of this species occur on the lower side of the leaf and are slightly tentiformed at mature stage.
 Netechma nigralba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province and Loja Province).
 Eudryas brevipennis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Idaho Utah and California. The habitat consists of wetlands.The length of the forewings is 14–16 mm. The forewings are white and the hindwings are bright yellow. Both are edged in red-brown. Adults are on wing in summer.The larvae feed on Oenothera and Epilobium species.
 Baryglossa bequaerti is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Baryglossa of the family Tephritidae.
 Hoplophanes porphyropla is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Dendya clathrata is a species of the genus Dendya.
 Hexachaeta ecuatoriana is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Parens paraocci is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 9 to 13 millimetres (0.90 to 1.30 cm). The forewings are beige with few dark subterminal and terminal areas including the fringes. There are six black costal dots. The crosslines are white and mostly invisible except the terminal line which is marked by black intervenal dots. The fringes are black. The hindwings are grey throughout with an indistinct discal spot.
 Etheostoma rubrum the Bayou darter is a species of Endangered darter endemic to western Mississippi in the United States where it is found only in the Bayou Pierre River and its tributaries.
 Herfordia elegans is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Herfordia.
 Pyrgiscilla otakauica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Schistura tenura is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The Ussuri sharpbelly Hemiculter lucidus is a temperate freshwater fish belonging to the Cultrinae sub-family of the Cyprinidae family. It originates in the Amur River basin in Asia. It was originally described as Culter lucidus by B. I. Dybowski in 1872 and has also been referred to as Hemiculter leucisculus lucidus in scientific literature.The fish reaches a size of up to 25.0 centimetres (9.8 in) and a weight of 70.0 grams (2.5 oz).
 Calyptra subnubila is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has been found in Indonesia.
 Anthrenocerus blackburni is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family. It is native to the Australian states of Victoria and New South Wales.
 The khaki bromeliad frog (Eleutherodactylus fowleri) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ptocheuusa inopella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from France to Russia and from Denmark and Sweden to Austria and Hungary. It has also been recorded from Greece.The wingspan is 8–9 mm. Adults are on wing from June and July to the beginning of August.The larvae feed on Helichrysum arenarium species (including Helichrysum arenarium) and Inula dysenterica. They feed on the flowers of their host plant. Larvae can be found in August.
 Zev (1920-1943) was an American thoroughbred horse racing Champion and National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee.
 Detroit (24 February 1977 – 20 May 2001) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1980. Unraced as a two-year-old Detroit won her first four races in 1980 including the Prix Fille de l'Air Prix Chloé and Prix de la Nonette. She was beaten when favourite for the Prix Vermeille before winning the Arc in record time. She remained in training as a four-year-old and won three more races including the Prix Foy.
 The red drum (Sciaenops ocellatus) also known as channel bass redfish spottail bass or simply reds is a game fish that is found in the Atlantic Ocean from Massachusetts to Florida and in the Gulf of Mexico from Florida to Northern Mexico. It is the only species in the genus Sciaenops.
 Mordellistena azteca is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Pepta simplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Brachythemis lacustris is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Burkina Faso the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Synodontis robbianus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Nigeria where it is found in the Cross and lower Niger Rivers. This species grows to a length of 13.8 centimetres (5.4 in) TL.
 Arnia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. It contains only one species Arnia nervosalis which is found in France Spain Portugal and on Corsica Sardinia and Sicily as well as in North Africa including Algeria and Morocco.
 Gymnelia ducei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Colombia.
 Brychius is a genus of beetles in the family Haliplidae containing the following species: Brychius elevatus (Panzer 1793) Brychius glabratus (Villa & Villa 1835) Brychius hornii Crotch 1873 Brychius hungerfordi Spangler 1954 Brychius pacificus Carr 1928↑
 Monteithius is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Elachista thelma is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in California.The length of the forewings is 4.8–5.8 millimetres (0.19–0.23 in). The ground colour of the forewings is light brownish grey dusted with darker tips of scales. The hindwings are grey and the underside of the wings is dark grey.
 The Burmese narrow-headed softshell turtle (Chitra vandijki) is a turtle.
 Tetrathemis yerburii is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tocantinsia piresi is a species of driftwood catfish (order Siluriformes) and is the only species of the genus Tocantinsia. T. piresi grows to a length of about 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL and originates from the upper Tocantins River basin. During the rainy season T. piresi is an omnivore that feeds mainly on allochthonous food items such as fruits seeds flowers and animals from the igapo permanently flooded land where roots of vegetation are always submerged.
 Micropterix hyrcana is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Zagulajev in 1993. It is only known from Hyrcanian woods along the southern coast of the Caspian Sea from Azerbaijan to the Iranian province Golestan.The habitat consists of edges of deciduous forests. Adults have been caught in June.
 Mitromorpha saotomensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Leptasterias pusilla is a small six-rayed sea star.
 Eoarthropleura was a genus of millipede-like creatures which lived between the Late Silurian and Late Devonian periods. Fossils mainly of cuticle fragments have been found in in Europe (Rhineland-Palatinate Germany and Shropshire England) and North America (New York USA and New Brunswick Canada). It is the earliest known member of the Arthropleuridea and the oldest known terrestrial animal of North America.
 The Crimson Sunbird (Aethopyga siparaja) is a species of bird in the sunbird family which feed largely on nectar although they will also take insects especially when feeding young. Flight is fast and direct on their short wings. Most species can take nectar by hovering like a hummingbird but usually perch to feed most of the time.Crimson Sunbird is a resident breeder in tropical southern Asia from India to Indonesia. Two eggs or three eggs are laid in a suspended nest in a tree.
 The Green-throated Mango (Anthracothorax viridigula) is a hummingbird that breeds from northeastern Venezuela Trinidad and the Guianas south to northeasterm Brazil. In Brazil the bird is only found on the narrow Atlantic coastal strip north and south of the Amazon River outlet and a strip along the river proper about 1500 km upstream. It is a local or seasonal migrant although its movements are not well understood.This small bird inhabits mangrove swamp and moist lowland savannah.
 Sudamericidae is a family of gondwanathere mammals that lived during the late Cretaceous to Eocene. Its members include Lavanify from the Cretaceous of Madagascar Bharattherium (=Dakshina) from the Cretaceous of India Gondwanatherium from the Cretaceous of Argentina Sudamerica from the Paleocene of Argentina and unnamed forms from the Eocene of Antarctica (closely related to Sudamerica) and Cretaceous of Tanzania.
 Parathetesis convergens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Parathetesis.
 The pygmy batis (Batis perkeo) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.The pygmy batis is a small insectivorous bird which finds its food foraging among leaves although it will also sometimes catch insects on the wing. The plumage is black and white but the female has an orange eye and a reddish-brown breast band.
 Crocomela flammifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.It is involved in Müllerian mimicry with Lyces vulturata.
 Centrolene muelleri is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.Its status is insufficiently known.
 The African brown knifefish or African knifefish Xenomystus nigri is the only species in the genus Xenomystus of the family Notopteridae. This fish inhabits coastal river basins in Sierra Leone Liberia Togo Benin and Cameroon. It also in Chad the Nile the Congo and the Niger basins.
 Diduga barlowi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of forested areas in the lowlands.The length of the forewings is about 4 mm.
 Miltochrista multistriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in India (Assam).
 Bucculatrix jiblahensis is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Mey in 1999. It is found in Yemen.
 The Black-crowned Babbler (Sterrhoptilus nigrocapitata) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Coleophora taygeti is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain France Italy Greece and Romania.
 Acraea ungemachi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the highlands of Ethiopia.
 Scrobipalpa nitentella the Common Sea Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe North Africa (Tunisia) Turkey Afghanistan Mongolia and Siberia (Transbaikalia).The wingspan is 12–15 mm.
 Lachnidae is an insect family of the order Hemiptera.
 Austropyrgus halletensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to South Australia Australia. It is known from a small creek in the central Flinders Ranges.
 Euxesta scutellaris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Inca Dove (Columbina inca) is a small New World dove; it might belong to the genus. It ranges from the southwestern United States and Mexico through Central America to Costa Rica; the Inca Dove only lives on the Pacific side of Central America. Despite being named after the Inca Empire this species does not occur in any of the lands that constituted that region.
 Copecrypta is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Black Mamo (Drepanis funerea) is an extinct bird species once endemic to the island of Molokai although there is fossil evidence of it having lived on Maui.
 Stylemys (meaning pillar turtle) is the first fossil genus of dry land tortoise belonging to the order Testudines discovered in the United States. The genus lived in temperate to subtropical areas of North America Europe and Asia based on fossil distribution. The genus was first described in 1851 by Dr. Joseph Leidy. The tortoise was common in the prehistoric Badlands especially Nebraska and South Dakota.
 Haimbachia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cadlina is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks historically classified in the family Chromodorididae. Recent research by R.F. Johnson in 2011 has shown that Cadlina does not belong to the family Chromodorididae. She has therefore brought back the name Cadlinidae from synonymy with Chromodorididae. The family Cadlinidae also includes the genus Aldisa Bergh 1878.
 Trabolgan (foaled 1 June 1998) is a retired Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing. In a racing career which was seriously disrupted by injuries and other health problems he won five times from seventeen starts between December 2002 and March 2010. After showing promising but unremarkable form in his early career he showed great improvement when switched to steeplechasing in the autumn of 2004.
 The wonderpus octopus (Wunderpus photogenicus) is a species of octopus in the monotypic genus Wunderpus. It is found in shallow waters from Bali and Sulawesi north to the Philippines and east to Vanuatu. W. photogenicus is a long-armed species characterised by small eyes on elongate stalks a long conical papilla over each eye and a dramatic and fixed colour pattern of white bars and spots over a brown-red background.
 Euastacus spinifer is a species of freshwater crayfish endemic to Australia that belongs to the family Parastacidae.
 Coralliophila madreporarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Diduga fumipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Nilgiris).
 Proailurus (meaning first cat) was a prehistoric carnivore that lived in Europe and Asia approximately 25 million years ago in the Late Oligocene and Miocene. Fossils have been found in Mongolia Germany and Spain.
 Zaira is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Gastromyzon contractus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Doratorhynchus is a generic replacement name for Pterodactylus validus in 1875 suggested by Harry Govier Seeley. Today it is considered a nomen vanum.In 1870 Richard Owen named Pterodactylus validus based on holotype BMNH 40653 a thirty centimetres long partial wing finger phalanx from the Purbeck Limestone (Britain) identified as that of a pterosaur.
 Sitticus finschi is a species of spider from Salticidae family that can be found in Canada Russia and the United States.
 Stygodiaptomus is a genus of copepods in the family Diaptomidae containing the following species:Stygodiaptomus ferus Karanovic 1999Stygodiaptomus kieferi Petkovski 1981Stygodiaptomus petkovskii Brancelj 1991↑
 Leiothorax is an extinct genus of shrimp in the order Decapoda. It contains the species Leiothorax triasicus.
 The tire track eel (Mastacembelus armatus) is a species of ray-finned spiny eels belonging to the genus Mastacembelus (Scopoli 1777) of the family Mastacembelidae and is native to the riverine fauna of India Pakistan Sumatra Sri Lanka Thailand Viet Nam Indonesia and other parts of South East Asia. The species was named Mastacembelus armatus by Lacepède in 1800.
 Keeleaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Hynhamia micruncus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale ferruginous mixed with cream in the posterior area of the wing. There are ferrruginous brown suffusions and darker dots. The markings are diffuse brown. The hindwings are brown.
 The Gymnotiformes are a group of teleost bony fishes commonly known as the Neotropical or South American knifefishes. They have long bodies and swim using undulations of their elongated anal fin. Found exclusively in fresh water these mostly nocturnal fishes are capable of producing electric fields for navigation communication and in the case of the electric eel (Electrophorus electricus) attack and defense.
 The Spotted Wren (Campylorhynchus gularis) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 The jasper cat snake (Boiga jaspidea) is a small and slender species of rear-fanged colubrid that is uncommon throughout its range.
 Penicillifera apicalis is a moth of the Bombycidae family. It is found from the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya to Sundaland and the Philippines.
 Mpanjaka is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Paurodontidae is a family of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous mammals in the order Dryolestida. Remains of paurodontids have been found in the USA Britain Portugal and Tanzania.
 Eulepidotis ornata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana Guyana Peru and Ecuador.
 Gongylus gongylodes also known as the wandering violin mantis Ornate mantis or Indian rose mantis is an insect of the order Mantodea. This is one of the more bizarre looking mantises. Characterized by extremely slender limbs with large appendages. It is not a particularly aggressive species and often kept as a pet by hobbyists. It feeds primarily on flying insects. Its native range is in southern India and Sri Lanka. It can reach sizes of up to 11 cm.
 Epactionotus is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Eilema iuniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma.
 Hyperolius soror is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The strong tuco-tuco (Ctenomys validus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. It is endemic to Argentina.
 Demolis eugenia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Paraguay.
 Melanoseps is a genus of skinks.
 Spectrum (foaled 8 May 1992) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from October 1994 until August 1996 he ran nine times and won four races. As a three-year-old in 1995 he won the Irish 2000 Guineas but was injured when starting second favourite for the Epsom Derby. He returned in autumn to win the Champion Stakes over ten furlongs at Newmarket.
 Batodaeus adanad is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Batodaeus.
 Eulepidotis panamensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Panama.
 Scoriodyta patricki is a moth of the Psychidae family. It was described by Haettenschwiler in 1989. It is found in New Zealand.
 Choreutis minuta is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff and Arita in 1979. It is found on the Ryukyu Islands.
 Gorgonidia cubotaensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Metacarcinus starri is an extinct species of crab in the family Cancridae subfamily Cancrinae. The species is known solely from the early Miocene Clallam Formation and the underlying Pysht Formation deposits on the Olympic Peninsula of Washington state United States.
 Astralium saturnum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 The Lulworth Skipper (Thymelicus acteon) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. Its name is derived from Lulworth Cove in the county of Dorset England where the first specimens in Great Britain were collected in 1832 by English naturalist James Charles Dale.The species occurs locally across Central Europe Asia Minor and North Africa where its population is considered stable. Its numbers have declined in Northern Europe leading to its European status of vulnerable.
 Thesaurica is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Crassispira latizonata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Neomordellistena ivoirensis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968 by Ermisch.
 Pterygometopidae is a family of trilobites containing the following genera:
 Chilades galba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Turkey central and eastern Arabia Iraq Iran Afghanistan the Caucasus and Cyprus.The larvae feed on Prosopis stephaniana Lagonychium farctum Acacia leucophloa Acacia campbeli and Lagonichium farctum. They are associated with the ant species Monomorium gracillium.
 The Crow Tiger (Tirumala euploeomorpha) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
 Jussara is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 The fringed tree frog (Litoria eucnemis) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is found in Australia West Papua (Indonesia) and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Asperdaphne amplecta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Chrysodeixis taiwani is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Kumaon mountain lizard (Japalura kumaonensis) is an agamid lizard found in northern India Pakistan Nepal and China.
 Caryocolum majus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. The forewings are black mottled with white. There are white markings mixed with fuscous. Adults have been recorded on wing from mid-June to late July.
 Sphecius speciosus often simply referred to as the cicada killer or the cicada hawk is a large digger wasp species. Cicada killers are large solitary wasps in the family Crabronidae. The name may be applied to any species of crabronid which uses cicadas as prey though in North America it is typically applied to a single species S. speciosus. However since there are multiple species of related wasps it is more appropriate to call it the eastern cicada killer.
 Bryotropha montana is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in central China.
 Trophon is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Comaster is a genus of crinoids.
 The noctuid (owlet) moth genus Cydosia is the only member of the tribe Cydosiini in the Acontiinae subfamily. The few species occur from Argentina along the Andes to the Caribbean and Central America reaching into the southern states of the USA.
 Spirula spirula is a species of deep water squid-like cephalopod mollusk. It is the only extant member of the genus Spirula the family Spirulidae and the order Spirulida. Because of the shape of its internal shell it is commonly known as the ram's horn squid or the little post horn squid. Because the live animal has a light-emitting organ it is also sometimes known as the tail-light squid.Live specimens of this cephalopod are very rarely seen because it is a deep-ocean dweller.
 Hypsoblennius gilberti the Rockpool blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean. This species grows to a length of 17 centimetres (6.7 in) TL.
 Symphlebia ipsea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama.
 The Wattled Brushturkey (Aepypodius arfakianus) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Namaquab Barb (Barbus hospes) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Namibia and South Africa. River regulation in the Orange River system may have benefited this species.
 Odostomia pilsbryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ophryophryne gerti is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is found in Laos and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prenanthcucullia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Marsh Acraea (Acraea rahira) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Africa. In South Africa it is found from the West Cape along the coast to the East Cape and KwaZulu-Natal then inland to Mpumalanga Gauteng the Limpopo Province and the North West Province.The wingspan is 35–40 mm for males and 40–50 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas with a peak from September to April.
 Xenopepla is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Variable Oakleaf Caterpillar Moth (Lochmaeus manteo) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in eastern North America.The wingspan is 37–50 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October.The larvae feed on various deciduous trees especially Quercus species. The larva can spray formic acid which is reported to cause blisters or severely irritate human skin.
 The Sage Sphinx (Lintneria ermitoides) is a moth from the Sphingidae family. It is known from sandy prairies in the Great Plains from Kansas south through central Oklahoma to Texas and possibly west to Colorado and New Mexico and as a rare stray to western Missouri.The wingspan is 71–90 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing from April to May and from August to September. They feed on the nectar of various deep-throated flowers.The larvae feed on Salvia species.
 Horologica is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. This genus was described by Laseron in 1956.
 The Aders' duiker (Cephalophus adersi) also known as nunga in Swahili kunga marara in Kipokomo and harake in Giriama) is a small forest-dwelling duiker found only in Zanzibar and a small coastal enclave in Kenya. It is also critically endangered. It may be a subspecies of the red Harvey's or Peters's duiker or a hybrid of a combination of these. It has a population of fewer than 1400.
 Chaetolopha decipiens is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from New South Wales.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have brown wings with broad light and dark zigzag bands across each forewing. The hindwings are a uniform pale brown.The larvae are thought to feed on Polypodiophyta species.
 Gymnandrosoma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Carposina tetratoma is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1989. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Acrocercops fasciculata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guyana. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 Cymbium indicum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Siphonognathus is a genus of weed whitings endemic to the Australian coastal waters.
 Paniestichus subsolianus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paniestichus.
 Pseudaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudaphaenops jocobsoni Pliginskiy 1912 Pseudaphaenops tauricus Winkler 1912↑
 Torgau (foaled 1997–) was an Irish-bred British-trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old in 1999 she won the Group Two Cherry Hinton Stakes and finished second in the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes and the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes. At the time of her success her trainer Giles Bravery had only nine horses in his stable. Torgau was named European Champion Two-year-old Filly of 1999 at the Cartier Racing Awards.
 Polytremis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Cyligramma conradsi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. This moth species is commonly found in Tanzania.
 Hepatoporus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species:Hepatoporus asper Davie & Turner 1994Hepatoporus distinctus (Takeda & Nagai 1986)Hepatoporus guinotae (Zarenkov 1971)Hepatoporus orientalis (Sakai 1935)Hepatoporus pumex Mendoza & Ng 2008↑
 Phyllocnistis toparcha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Honshū Japan and Tamil Nadu India. The hostplant for the species is Vitis vinifera.
 The Yellow-bibbed Lory (Lorius chlorocercus) is a monotypic species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
 The Starred Wood Quail (Odontophorus stellatus) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ressia is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Scoparia rotuella is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in New Zealand.
 Orthomegas cinnamomeus is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758. It is found in Hispaniola Trinidad Colombia Venezuela the Guianas Brazil Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 In biological classification a type genus is a representative genus with regard to a biological family. The term and concept are used much more often and much more formally in zoology than in botany and the definition is dependent on the nomenclatural Code that applies.
 Coleophora niphocrossa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Euclera stretchi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru the Amazon region and Uruguay.
 Acrocercops breyeri is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Argentina. The hostplant for the species is Senecio bonariensis.
 Barbodes lindog known locally as the Lindog is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Lake Lanao in Mindanao the Philippines where it prefers shallow weedy waters of the bays. This species can reach a length of 13.2 centimetres (5.2 in) TL. It is commercially important to local peoples as a food fish.
 Tetracis jubararia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America (see subspecies section).The length of the forewings 17-26 mm. Adults of ssp. jubararia are on wing from mid August to late November depending upon locality and elevation. Adults of ssp. sericeata are on wing from September to mid November.Larvae of ssp. jubararia have been recorded on Alnus Betula CornusPopulus Ribes Prunus subcordata Salix Picea glauca Picea engelmanni Pseudotsuga menziesii and Thuja.
 Apiconoma opposita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It found in Amazonas Brazil and Surinam.
 The Carpathian Barbel (Barbus carpathicus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Apangea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae[citation needed].
 Psilomonodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Blondelia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Eudiaphora is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the mountains and deserts of Central Asia and western Mongolia. It has been recorded from Turkmenistan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Uzbekistan Tajikistan Afghanistan and China (Xinjiang).
 Eleutherodactylus pulvinatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in French Guiana Guyana Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eugnosta chionochlaena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Miraclathurella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Acanthotrophon striatoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mordella nigricolor is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1931.
 Peracle charlotteae is an extinct species of fossil pelagic sea snail or sea butterfly a planktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Peraclidae.This species existed in what is now Cyprus during the Miocene period. It was described by Arie W. Janssen and Crispin T. S. Little in 2010.
 Clathrina gardineri is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from India and Seychelles.
 Stenocora percornuta is a species of damselfly in the family Polythoridae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Pachystyla rufozonata was a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae the hive snails.This species was endemic to Mauritius; it is now extinct.
 Lophocraspedon is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tetrix is a genus of pygmy locusts in the Tetrigidae family.
 Hastina caeruleolineata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Burma China and India.
 Torodora styloidea is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in China (Guangxi).The wingspan is 25-30 mm. The forewings are evenly covered with brown scales and there is a weak yellowish patch at two thirds of the costa. The hindwings are light brown and broader than the forewings.
 Laevilitorina hamiltoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Sympistis jocelynae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in San Juan County Utah.The wingspan is 32–35 mm. Adults are on wing in late September.
 Mordellistena paranana is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus and is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1977 and is endemic to Hungary.
 Chloroclystis latifasciata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Mauritius Réunion and Madagascar.Their wingspan is around 16 mm.
 Trypeta corruca is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Eunicidae are a family of polychaetes. Many eunicids reach a considerable size. Their jaws are known from Ordovician sediments. They live throughout the seas; a few species are parasitic.One of the most conspicuous of the eunicids is the giant dark-purple iridescent Bobbit worm (Eunice aphroditois) found at low tide under boulders on southern Australian shores. Its robust muscular body can be as long as 2 m.Some species of eunicids prey on coral.
 The Javan Tesia (Tesia superciliaris) is a species of Old World warbler in the Cettiidae family. It is endemic to Java in Indonesia. The Javan Tesia is a small tesia with long legs and almost no tail. It feeds on insects in the undergrowth of broadleaf forests.
 Polygona infundibulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Sterrhinae is a large subfamily of the geometer moth family (Geometridae) with some 2800 described species.
 Emmelichthyops atlanticus the bonnetmouth is a marine fish species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean where it is occurs from Florida and the Bahamas to northern South America. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Nopia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Macroglossum palawana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines (Palawan).
 Pachytroctidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha. Members of this family are small often macropterous with a distinct wing-venation. The family comprises less than 100 species arranged in ten genera.
 Drasteria mirifica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Nevada Oregon and California.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 Micronaclia simplex is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1879. It is found in Madagascar.
 Ctenogobius is a genus of gobies with a wide distribution in fresh brackish and marine waters.
 Tomoxia anotata is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1949.
 Neurotomia is a genus of snout moths.
 Austranillus macleayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Austranillus.
 Thisizima bubalopa is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka and India.
 Sulcomitrella aikeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Prosipho harrietae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Trochomorpha contigua is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Trochomorphidae.This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 The Black Bee-eater (Merops gularis) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.
 Mediterranean House Gecko scientific name Hemidactylus turcicus (not to be confused with the Asian species Hemidactylus frenatus known as Common House Gecko) is a small gecko common to the Mediterranean which has spread to many parts of the world. It is also commonly referred to as the Turkish Gecko as represented in its Latin name.
 Ectropis is a genus in the geometer moth family (Geometridae). They are mostly paleotropical but also plentiful in Australia and extend into Asia. Only one species – or cryptic species complex – (The Engrailed/Small Engrailed E. bistortata/E. crepuscularia) is found in Europe. There are about 100 known species in this genus altogether.
 Oegoconiodes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Acrolepiopsis mauli is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found on Madeira.
 Lopharcha herbaecolor is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Java.
 Mimosiphonops vermiculatus is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Lophophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Megorama frontale is a beetle species of the family Anobiidae.
 Sericinus Westwood 1851 is a genus of swallowtail butterflies placed in the subfamily Parnassiinae.The genus has a complex history and a multiplicity of names have been applied to its single species.
 Acheilognathus barbatus is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus. It is endemic to the Mingjiang and Yangtze rivers in China. Its common length is 4.0 cm.
 Heniartes is a large genus of assassin bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae. 32 species have been described all from South America.
 Gymnoscelis fasciata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India and on Peninsular Malaysia Borneo the Philippines and Sulawesi. The habitat contists of upper montane and dipterocarp forests.The wings are pale brownish grey with black markings.
 The Eurasian Nuthatch or Wood Nuthatch (Sitta europaea) is a small passerine bird found throughout temperate Asia and in Europe where it is often referred to just as the Nuthatch. Like other nuthatches it is a short-tailed bird with a long bill blue-grey upperparts and a black eye-stripe. It is a vocal bird with a repeated loud dwip call.
 Carpostalagma chalybeata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Talbot in 1929. It is found in the Democratic Republic of CongoRwanda and South Africa.
 The New England tree frog or Glandular Frog (Litoria subglandulosa) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests temperate shrubland rivers and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Biclonuncaria is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Volginia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Scinax angrensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Arctic White (Pieris angelika) is a cold-climate butterfly of the Pieridae family. Its main range is the Yukon northwestern Northwest Territories and northwestern British Columbia and Alaska. Its taxonomic name may change in the future because there is a chance it was described and named before 1983.
 Mesoprionus persicus is a species of beetle in the Prioninae subfamily that is endemic to Zagros Iran. The species is 20–32 millimetres (0.79–1.26 in) in length and is black coloured. They feed on Quercus brantii.
 Udea ephippias is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Maui.
 Lacon is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Agrypninae.
 Etmopterus burgessi is a newly described lanternshark of the family Etmopteridae in the order Squaliformes. It is found only around Taiwan. Its expected common name would be Taiwan lanternshark.
 Agriphila brioniellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain France Italy Croatia Hungary Slovakia Ukraine Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Albania Turkey Transcaucasia and Iraq.The length of the forewings is 9–11 mm.
 Habrophlebia is a genus of mayflies in the family Leptophlebiidae.
 Belgrandiella styriaca is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Choerophryne arndtorum is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to Western New Guinea.
 The Spinach (Eulithis mellinata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout the Palearctic region and the Near East though its distribution is rather local due to its specialized larval food plant. In the British Isles it is fairly common in England and Wales but much rarer in Scotland and Ireland.Its wingspan is 33–38 mm. The forewings are yellow marked with brown fascia and apical streak with brown chequering on the fringe.
 Heteropsomys is an extinct genus of rodent in the family Echimyidae. It contains the following species: Antillean cave rat (Heteropsomys antillensis) Insular cave rat (Heteropsomys insulans)
 Mordellistena pectoralis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1850.
 The White-throated Towhee (Melozone albicollis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family that is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Hololepta plana is a beetle belonging to the Histeridae family.
 Drosophila sharpi (syn. D. attigua) is a rare species of fly one of several species known as the Hawaiian picture-wing flies. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010.This fly lives in wet forest habitat between about 3000 and 4000 feet in elevation on the island of Kauai. It is a microbivore that lives on decomposing plant material likely from Cheirodendron and Tetraplasandra.
 Chaeopsestis ludovicae is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in Vietnam and Thailand.Adults are on wing from October to November. Adults drink the tears of several animals including humans. The moth attaches itself to the eyelid. It has also been recorded drinking sweat and fluids from the nose.
 The sharpfin houndshark Triakis acutipinna is a hound shark of the family Triakidae. Only two specimens have been found both in the coastal waters of Ecuador the longest being 1.02 metres.Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Pseudodrephalys sohni is commonly found at Brazil (Amazonas).
 Parornix tenella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Austria Croatia the Czech Republic Hungary Sicily mainland Italy Romania Slovakia Spain and Ukraine.
 Clemensia roseata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Mangelia pelagia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Siolius is a genus of beetles in the family Noteridae containing the following species: Siolius amazonicus J.Balfour-Browne 1969 Siolius bicolor J.Balfour-Browne 1969 Siolius clayae J.Balfour-Browne 1969↑
 Artena inversa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Borneo north-eastern Sumatra and in the Philippines and Peninsular Malaysia.
 Ceralocyna nigricornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Gounelle in 1911.
 Allaeochelys is an extinct genus of pig-nosed turtle.Fossils of the species Allaeochelys crassesculpta have been found in the Messel Pit near Darmstadt Germany in pairs fossilised in the coital position.It is believed to be the only example in the fossil record of vertebrates mating.Dr Walter Joyce of the University of Tübingen says that We've demonstrated quite clearly that each pair is a male and a female and not for example just two males that might have died in combat....People had long speculated they might have died while mating but that's quite different from actually showing it.
 Eupithecia cestata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is about 20–21 mm. The forewings are light whitish grey but this colour only appears in areas at the basal third of the wing and subterminally in the costal half. The balance of the wing is rather heavily suffused with purplish brown which is especially strong in the outer half above the inner margin. Adults have been recorded on wing from March to June.
 Anopina iturbidensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico in the Sierra Madre Oriental from Nuevo Leon to Hidalgo and in the Sierra Madre Occidental from Durango to Jalisco.
 Coquerel's sifaka (Propithecus coquereli) is a diurnal medium-sized lemur of the sifaka genus Propithecus. Like all lemurs it is native to Madagascar. It was once considered to be a subspecies of Verreaux's sifaka but was eventually granted full species level.
 Anisarcestes is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Lepista pandula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Boisduval in 1847. It is found in Kenya Malawi Mozambique Somalia South Africa Tanzania and Uganda.
 The Mantled Hawk (Pseudastur polionotus) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.It is found in Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Cephalia femoralis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Cephalia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Phyllonorycter eratantha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Punjab).
 Owens Sucker (Catostomus fumeiventris) is a fish in the family Catostomidae.
 Torodora vietnamensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in northern Vietnam.The wingspan is 19-20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is shiny golden brown often with a yellowish triangular or elongate patch before the tornus on the inner margin. The hindwings are pale yellowish brown.
 The Western Pygmy Blue (Brephidium exilis or Brephidium exile) is one of the smallest butterflies in the world and is the smallest in North America. It has reached Hawaii. It has a wingspread of about half an inch.
 Altenia wagneriella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Croatia the Republic of Macedonia Greece Serbia and on Cyprus. It is also present in Turkey.
 Iphidozercon is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
 Xanthograpta basinigra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea and Japan.
 Paralophata is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellina longelytrata is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1968.
 Eretmodini is a tribe of African cichlids.It contains four species of freshwater fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika:Eretmodus cyanostictus sometimes referred to as the Tanganyika clownSpathodus erythrodon	 Spathodus marlieriTanganicodus irsacae sometimes referred to as the spotfin goby cichlid
 The Marble Dagger Moth (Acronicta marmorata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in the Pacific West of North America including British Columbia Oregon and Washington.The wingspan is about 43 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on oak species including white oak.
 Conodon is a genus of grunts native to the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.The currently recognized species in this genus are: Conodon macrops Hildebrand 1946 (lemoneye grunt) Conodon nobilis (Linnaeus 1758) (barred grunt) Conodon serrifer D. S. Jordan & C. H. Gilbert 1882 (armed grunt)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Bicyclus lamani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon northern Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of open grassy woodland at altitudes between 700 and 1500 meters.
 Shipworms is a name of a group of saltwater clams with long soft naked bodies; they are marine bivalve molluscs in the family Teredinidae. They are notorious for boring into (and commonly eventually destroying) wood that is immersed in sea water including such structures as wooden piers docks and ships; they drill passages by means of a pair of very small shells borne at one end with which they rasp their way through.
 Conus troendlei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Heteropsis pallida is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Euptychiina is one of the largest subtribes of the butterfly subfamily Satyrinae (family Nymphalidae). The only two comprehensive studies that include Euptychiina are the works of L. D. Miller and W.
 Parmacella valenciennii is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Parmacellidae.
 Calliostoma benedicti common name Springer's top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.The species was named after Mr. J.S. Benedict formerly naturalist of the Albatross party
 Nesolechia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Ouachita map turtle or Sabine map turtle (Graptemys ouachitensis) is a species of turtle endemic to the United States.
 Copelatus amatolensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Omer-Cooper in 1965.
 Bittiolum varium common name the grass cerith is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Yellow-bellied Tyrannulet (Ornithion semiflavum) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Peckoltia is a genus of small South American armored suckermouth catfishes. Many of these fish are popular aquarium fish.
 Propebela margaritae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Dolgoma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.Most species were previously placed in the genus Eilema.
 Escadabiidae is a small neotropical family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with six described species.
 Lethrinus laticaudis the Grass emperor is a species of emperor native to the western Pacific Ocean where they occur on coral reefs at depths of from 5 to 35 metres (16 to 115 ft). Juveniles inhabit beds of sea grass and also in mangrove swamps. It can reach a length of 56 centimetres (22 in) TL though most do not exceed 35 centimetres (14 in).
 Gnamptoloma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Western Tailed-blue (Cupido amyntula) is a member of the Lycaenidae family and is seen across western North America as far norther as Alaska. The upperside of the male butterfly is blue while the female has a darker brown band on the outer side of the wing. The underside is riddle with black spots with a wingspan of 2.2 to 2.9 cm. The larvae feed on Thermopsis Astragalus Oxytropis Vicia and Lathyrus.
 Neonemobius is a genus of insect in family Gryllidae. It contains the following species: Neonemobius eurynotus
 The Rufous-necked Sparrowhawk (Accipiter erythrauchen) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It is endemic to the Maluku Islands of Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eupithecia interrubrescens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tibet.
 Mylothris alcuana is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia. The habitat consists of rainforests.
 Hesperolemur actius is an extinct primate that lived in the middle Eocene (49-37 million years ago) of southern California. It is an immigrant taxa which appears to be most closely related to the earlier European forms of Cantius. It was approximately 4.5 kilograms (9.9 lb) in weight and was the last surviving notharctine species probably because of its position in the refugia that existed in southern California during the climate deterioration at the end of the middle Eocene.
 Cauchas florella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in Russia and Turkey.
 Trischalis subaurana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in the Indo-Australian tropics from the north-eastern Himalayas and China (Hainan) to the Bismarck Archipelago. The habitat consists of forests ranging from the lowlands to the lower montane zone at about 1000 meters.
 Nassarius micans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Like-A-Butterfly (19 April 1994 – 7 February 2013) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who competed in National Hunt racing. Although she did not begin competing in public until she was seven years old she had a successful racing career winning twelve of her seventeen races including five at Grade I level.
 Chloroclystis comorana is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Comoros.
 Orphilus is a genus of beetles native to the Palearctic (including Europe) and the Near East. It contains the following species: Orphilus africanus Háva 2005 Orphilus ater Erichson 1848 Orphilus beali Zhantiev 2001 Orphilus dubius Wickham 1912 Orphilus niger (Rossi 1790) Orphilus subnitidus LeConte 1861↑
 Bistolida kieneri common name : Kiener's cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Amphibulima patula is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
 Hestiasula zhejiangensis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hestiasula in the order Mantodea.
 Pancalia baldizzonella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Italy.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have been recorded in July.
 The Maghreb Lark is a species of bird in the lark family Alaudidae native to North Africa. Previously considered to comprise subspecies of the Crested Lark it was found to have diverged genetically from the latter species 1.9 million years ago and has been given species rank.
 The spectacled dormouse or namtap (Graphiurus ocularis) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family and one of four dormouse species endemic to South Africa. It has a bushy squirrel-like tail a fairly short muzzle small ears and soft fur. Its face is marked with white and grey with dark rings (spectacles) around its eyes. Its cheeks underparts and the upper surfaces of its paws are white. Its tail is also usually tipped with white.
 The taimen (Hucho taimen) also known as Siberian taimen and Siberian salmon is a species of fish in the salmon family (family Salmonidae) of order Salmoniformes.
 Eremiaphila rohlfsi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 Cnaemidophorus horribilis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Micragrella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Dolicholatirus bairstowi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Libypithecus markgrafi is an extinct genus of primate that lived in the Late Miocene.
 Lophophelma pingbiana is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Exyrias is a genus of gobies mostly native to marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean with one freshwater species (E. volcanus) known from the Philippines.
 Charaxes junius is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and Sudan. The habitat consists of forests and woodland savanna.
 Abispa eximia is a species of wasp in the Vespidae family.
 Argutoridius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Argutoridius abacetoides (Chaudoir 1876) Argutoridius bonariensis (Dejean 1831) Argutoridius chilensis (Dejean 1828) Argutoridius cubensis (Darlington 1937) Argutoridius depressulus Straneo 1969 Argutoridius oblitus (Dejean 1831) Argutoridius pavens (Tschitscherine 1900) Argutoridius uruguayicus (Chaudoir 1876) Argutoridius zischkai Straneo 1969↑
 The western galaxias (Galaxias occidentalis) also called the western minnow is a species of fish in the genus Galaxias of small Southern Hemisphere freshwater fish of the family Galaxiidae. It is endemic to southwestern Western Australia.
 The Ruwenzori Thicket Rat (Grammomys ibeanus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Kenya Malawi Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amethysa fasciata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Amethysa of the family Ulidiidae.
 Geodena is a genus of moth from the family Geometridae.
 Tonna boucheti is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Pseudepidalea is a genus of toads in the family Bufonidae the true toads. This genus was erected in 2006 and includes several toads previously classified in genus Bufo.
 The Hypotiini are a tribe of moths of the Pyralidae family.
 Rhodothemis is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae. The species occur from India through south-east Asia to Australia.The genus contains the following species:Rhodothemis flavostigma Navás 1932Rhodothemis lieftincki Fraser 1954 - Red ArrowRhodothemis mauritsi Lohmann 1984Rhodothemis nigripes Lohmann 1984Rhodothemis rufa (Rambur 1842)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Rhyacionia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Microthauma glycinella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Japan (Kyushu) and Okinawa.The wingspan is 5.5–6 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of July from the end of August to the beginning of September and from the beginning to the end of October. There are three generations per year.The larvae feed on Glycine max and Pueraria lobata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a linear-blotch mine.
 Arctozenus risso the Spotted barracudina or Ribbon barracudina is a species of barracudina found in oceans worldwide in the meso- and bathypelagic zone down to abound 2200 metres (7200 ft). This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus. It is an important forage species for many pelagic predators such as cephalopods common dolphins and albacore.
 Euxesta bifasciata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Ahasverus advena the foreign grain beetle is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae. It is related to the sawtoothed grain beetle.
 Scopula parvimacula is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and Australia (Queensland).The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults are pale brown with arcs of green spots. The edges of the wings are scalloped.
 Glyphipterix callidelta is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in South America.
 Dryadaula advena is a moth of the Tineidae family. It has only been recorded from Hawaii but might be an immigrant.The length of the forewings is 4.5-5.5 mm.
 Hemirhodon is a genus of trilobites that lived in the Cambrian from the middle Cambrian to the Dresbachian.
 Arthroschista is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The weasel sportive lemur (Lepilemur mustelinus) also known as the greater sportive lemur weasel lemur or greater weasel lemur is a species of lemur native to northeastern Madagascar. Its habitat includes rainforests and tropical rainforests. Its dorsal side is a reddish-brown colour and greyish brown ventrally. Its colour darkens towards the tip of its tail. It has long soft fur.
 Anthene kikuyu the Kikuyu Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Mauritania Ghana Nigeria Uganda central and western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of dry savanna.Adults of both sexes are often attracted to the flowers of Acacia species.The larvae feed on the young terminal shoots of Acacia lahai Acacia stenocarpa and Dichrostachys species. They are associated with ants of the Crematogaster genus.
 The Dark-spotted Palthis (Palthis angulalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland west to coastal British Columbia south to Florida and Texas. The wingspan is 20–26 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August in Alberta.
 Mesoxantha is a genus of nymphalid butterfly. It contains only one species Mesoxantha ethosea commonly called Drury’s Delight. It is found in Sierra Leone Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda Tanzania and Mozambique. The habitat consists of lowland forests including secondary forests.The larvae feed on Tragia brevipes and Malacantha alnifolia.
 Eucera is genus of bees in the family Apidae subfamily Apinae.
 Barboides britzi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barboides.
 The lesser long-nosed bat (Leptonycteris yerbabuenae) is a medium-sized bat found in Central and North America. It is sometimes known as Sanborn's long-nosed bat or the Mexican long-nosed bat though the latter name is better avoided since it is also used for the entire genus Leptonycteris and for one of the other species in it the greater long-nosed bat (L. nivalis).
 The Cryptocephalinae are a subfamily of the leaf beetles (Chrysomelidae) and belong to the group of case-bearing leaf beetles called the Camptosomata. The tribes Chlamisini and Clytrini were formerly considered subfamilies of their own.
 Abaera aurofusalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Abaera. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Brazil.
 Promolopica is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Elachista ozeini is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Italy.
 Discoteuthis discus is a species of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. They occur in the tropical and subtropical Atlantic Ocean and the central North Pacific. While mature specimens have not been found the unnamed species Discoteuthis sp. A has been hypothesised as the mature form.
 Alestes is a genus in the family Alestidae known as the African Characidae as they are found exclusively on that continent. As suggested by that name they Alestidae was formerly included in Characidae. Myletes is a synonym of Alestes but the former name has historically also been used for various South American serrasalmines. Within the Lake Chad basin Alestes and Hydrocynus collectively known as salanga are lightly smoked and dried.
 Pyrgophorus is a genus of very small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Imma albofascia is a moth of the Immidae family. It is known from the Ambon Island.
 Knipowitschia caucasica the Caucasian dwarf goby is a species of goby native to marine fresh and brackish waters along the coasts of the Black Sea the Sea of Azov the Caspian Sea and the Aegean Sea and to the Haliacmon drainage of Greece. It inhabits shallow waters (0 to 2 metres (0.0 to 6.6 ft)) with plentiful weed growth where it can find its prey consisting of small crustaceans the larvae of chironomids and the larvae of the mussel Dreissena polymorpha.
 Goodeinae is a subfamily of splitfins. They are small fish which mostly lives in fresh water in Mexico especially around Mesa Central west of Mexico City. Members of the subfamily are also found in brackish water on both the east and west coasts. They typically have small ranges and many are seriously threatened (some already extinct).
 Gigantophis garstini was a giant prehistoric snake which may have measured more than 10 metres (33 ft) larger than any living species of snake. Before Titanoboa was discovered in Colombia in 2002 it was regarded as the largest snake in history. Gigantophis lived approximately 40 million years ago in the southern Sahara where Egypt and Algeria are now located.
 Alvania colossophilus is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Lepidonectes corallicola known commonly as the Galapagos triplefin blenny is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes. It was described by Kendall and Radcliffe in 1912.
 Stenocorus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species:Stenocorus alteni Giesbert & Hovore 1998Stenocorus cinnamopterus (Randall 1838)Stenocorus copei Linsley & Chemsak 1972Stenocorus cylindricollis (Say 1824)Stenocorus flavolineatus (LeConte 1854)Stenocorus nubifer (LeConte 1859)Stenocorus obtusus (LeConte 1873)Stenocorus schaumii (LeConte 1850)Stenocorus testaceus Linsley & Chemsak 1972Stenocorus trivittatus (Say 1824)Stenocorus vestitus (Haldeman 1847)Stenocorus vittiger (Randall 1838)↑
 Crematogaster ashmeadi commonly known as the acrobat ant is an arboreal ant widespread in the Southeastern United States. It nests and forages almost exclusively above ground level often found in treetops and on lianas. It is one of eleven species in the genus Crematogaster that is native to eastern North America. It is the most dominant arboreal ant in the pine forests of the coastal plains of northern Florida.
 Pentila is a genus of butterfly commonly called pentilas or buffs in the family Lycaenidae. For other buffs see genus Baliochila.The members (species) of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics.16x Media related to Pentila at Wikimedia Commons16x Data related to Liptenini at Wikispecies
 Cochylis eureta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Durango).
 The Yellow-winged grasshopper (Gastrimargus musicus) is a common grassland locust in Australia and India. It only displays its yellow back wings in flight when it also emits a loud clicking sound.
 Zabrus spectabilis is a species of greenish-black coloured ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that can be found in Armenia Iran and Turkey. The species males are 14 millimetres (0.55 in) in length.
 Aethes iranica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Asia Minor and Iran.
 Oedipina alfaroi is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Parnassiini are a tribe of swallowtail butterflies. The tribe is thought to consist of two genera: Hypermnestra Parnassius
 Catoptria permutatellus is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe. The imago can only be distinguished from Catoptria osthelderi by microscopic research of the genitalia.The wingspan is 22–29 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on various mosses.
 Parirazona penthinana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Clinocerinae is a subfamily of flies belonging to the family Empididae.
 Gymnoscelis derogata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia the north-eastern Himalayas Sulawesi New Guinea and in Queensland.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Macadamia species.
 Gobiomorus is a genus of sleeper gobies native to marine fresh and brackish waters along the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.
 Turbonilla mendana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Paratomoxia maynei is a species of beetle in the Paratomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1931.
 The Green Hylia (Hylia prasina) is a songbird species traditionally included in the Old World warbler assemblage but probably belonging to the bush-warbler family (Cettiidae).
 Enargocrasis are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Pholadomya is a genus of fossil saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pholadomyidae. Fossils species within this genus lived during Mesozoic Era in the South Atlantic between Brazil and Africa. Of Campanian age this genus is widespread as a fossil in Cameroon France Poland Austria Germany and the USA.
 Vexillum suave is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Brusqeulia sebastiani is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Odostomia natata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Nyctegretis ruminella is a species of snout moth. It is found in France Spain on Sardinia Corsica and Sicily and in Romania and Bulgaria.
 The Chacoan peccary or tagua (Catagonus wagneri) is a species of peccary found in the Gran Chaco of Paraguay Bolivia and Argentina. About 3000 exist in the world. It is believed to be the closest living relative to the extinct genus Platygonus.The Chacoan peccary has the unusual distinction of having been first described in 1930 based on fossils and was originally thought to be an extinct species.
 Parotis suralis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found around the west Pacific rim including Chagos Islands Hong Kong Japan Kiribati Tuvalu and the tropical far north of Queensland.
 Abispa splendida (also known as the Large Mud-nesting Wasp) is a species of wasp in the Vespidae family.
 The Blackish Antbird (Cercomacra nigrescens) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Peru and Suriname.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Hilarographa excellens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on the Bismarck Islands.
 Pergamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Macaduma tortricoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Cosmisoma fasciculatum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Oliver in 1795.
 Bittium caraboboense is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Cerithiopsidella antefilosa is a species of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Bartsch in 1911.
 Dinera is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae. Most larvae are parasitoids of Coleoptera (Scarabaeidae).
 Andrhippuris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Trochita trochiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 Oligonychus sacchari the sugarcane mite yellow mite or sugarcane yellow mite is a species of mite.
 Acantopsis octoactinotos or the Long-nosed loach is a freshwater fish from Indonesia commonly found in aquariums.Acantopsis octoactinotos has a long straight snout unlike the similar Horseface loach (Acantopsis choirorhynchus) in which the snout has a down-turned shape. The Long-nosed loach reaches 4.5 inches (110 mm) in length males typically being smaller and slenderer than females.
 Parectopa refulgens is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Ecuador.
 The Cravenoceratidae is one of six families included in the ammonoid superfamily Neoglyphiocerataceae which lived during the latter part of the Paleozoic era. Cravenoceratid genera have moderately evolute to involute broad or thickly discoidal shells with a moderately narrow umbilicus. The surface is generally smooth dominated by growth striae. Spiral ornamentation may be present but reticulate ornament is absent.
 Zodarion germanicum is a spider species of the Zodariidae family. Like most Zodariidae Z. germanicum is an ant-eating spider. It resembles ants structurally and behaviorally. Z. germanicum specifically mimics large dark ants such as Formica cinerea F. truncorum and Camponotus ligniperda.Z. germanicum is up to 5 mm in size. Adults occur in Germany from June to August.
 Russia was a hardy Australian bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1946 Melbourne Cup and other staying races.
 Volutomitra obscura is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Lepidochrysops neavei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Malawi and Mozambique. The habitat consists of mountainous areas and rocky ground with clumps of grass in Brachystegia woodland.Adults have been recorded on wing in November December and January.
 Spotfin croaker (Roncador stearnsii) is a species of croaker occurring from Mazatlán Mexico to Point Conception California including the Gulf of California. It is the only species in the genus Roncador. In California they are most commonly found south of Los Angeles Harbor. They live along beaches and in bays over bottoms varying from coarse sand to heavy mud and at depths varying from 4 to 50 feet or more. They prefer depressions and holes near shore.
 Protesilaus helios is a species of butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Neotropical ecozone
 The southern Amazon red squirrel (Sciurus spadiceus) is a squirrel species from South America.
 Acrocercops chrysoplitis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Uttarakhand India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1937. The hostplant for the species is Shorea robusta.
 Eleutherodactylus acutirostris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Marvellous Spatuletail (Loddigesia mirabilis) is a medium-sized (up to 15 cm long) white green and bronze hummingbird adorned with blue crest feathers a brilliant turquoise gorget and a black line on its white underparts. It is the only member of the monotypic genus Loddigesia. It is sexually dimorphic.A Peruvian endemic this species is found on forest edges in the Río Utcubamba region.
 Adaina fuscahodias is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz) Brazil and Costa Rica.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. The head is scaled and pale ochreous-white. The antennae are pale ochreous-white with a faint brownish gloss. The thorax tegulae mesothorax and abdomen are pale ochreous-white. The forewings are pale ochreous-white diffusely mixed with pale brown scales. The markings are pale brown. The underside is brownish without markings.
 Condylostylus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Hasora khoda commonly known as the Large Banded Awl is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae which is found in India parts of Southeast Asia and Australia.
 Plesiothele is a spider genus of the family Hexathelidae with a single described species P. fentoni which is endemic to Tasmania.
 Lalun (1952-not found) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful broodmare. Owned and bred by Harry Guggenheim she was trained by Loyd Gentry Jr. and under jockey Henry Moreno notably won the 1955 Kentucky Oaks and Beldame Stakes.As a brood mare Lalun produced: The 1962 U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Colt Male Colt Never Bend who in turn sired Mill Reef and Riverman. Bold Reason who won the 1971 American and Hollywood Derbys and the Travers Stakes.
 Micropterix islamella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Amsel in 1935. It is known from Palestine.
 Hydrelia subcingulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal and China.
 Loxomiza is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Antiplanes thalaea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Hyada is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aldabrachelys abrupta is an extinct species of turtle. It was endemic to Madagascar.
 Moon Madness (foaled 1983) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career which lasted from September 1985 until November 1988 he ran twenty-four times and won ten races. He recorded his most important success when winning the Classic St. Leger Stakes as a three-year-old in 1986 the same year in which he also won the King George V Stakes and the Scottish Derby.
 Cechides amoenus is a species of curculionid weevil native to Western Australia.It is the main seed predator of Banksia prionotes.
 Melittia abyssiniensis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Ethiopia.
 Rhynchonella pugnus is an extinct Brachiopoda.
 Dimorphopatrobus ludmilae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Dimorphopatrobus.
 Eilema griveaudi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1960. It is found in eastern Madagascar.This species has a wingspan of 33mm. The forewings are red-orange with a large with a large blue-black-metallic spot. The holotype provided from Moramanga.
 Aperiovula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Labeo simpsoni is fish in genus Labeo. It is found only in Africa: in the middle an upper parts of the Congo River.
 Theretairus is a Late Jurassic genus of sphenodont reptile from the Morrison Formation of western North America present in stratigraphic zones 5 and 6.
 Ethmia hodgesella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Texas Arizona and California extending along the two sides of the central cordillera of Mexico.The length of the forewings is 6-7.8 mm. The pattern of the forewings is divided by a serpentine longitudinal line. The dorsal area is whitish invaded by three prominent triangulate dark spurs from the cell with a conspicuous round dark spot between and below the first two spurs.
 Albinaria caerulea is a species of air-breathing rock-dwelling clausiliidae land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails. Albinaria caerulea lives like most Albinaria species on limestone substrates in semi-arid habitats and aestivates on limestone rock-surfaces covered by lichens algae and mosses.The Albinaria caerulea has a medium sized shell which is smooth and white. It measures up to 16 mm tall.
 Caprimulgus is a large and very widespread genus of nightjars medium-sized nocturnal birds with long pointed wings short legs and short bills. The name is derived from the Latin for goatsucker based on the ancient but mistaken belief that the European Nightjar would suck milk from goats. Caprimulgus nightjars are found around the world and like other nightjars they usually nest on the ground.
 Naufraga (genus) is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Oreonectes retrodorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.
 Brachaluteres is a genus of filefish of the family Monacanthidae.The genus name Brachaluteres is derived from the Greek brachys (meaning short) and the Latin luteus (meaning yellow).Fish of the genus occur in the tropical waters of the Western Pacific Ocean.
 Arunus is a genus of beetles in the family Monotomidae containing the following species: Arunus magnus Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Arunus tenuis Sen Gupta & Pal 1995↑
 Moeschleria is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family. It contains the single species Moeschleria hulstii which is found in Puerto Rico.
 Heraultia is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Cryptocala chardinyi is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Finland Estonia Latvia and Lithuania the Altai Mountains from the Sayan Mountains to the Amur region Turkmenistan Mongolia and China.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. Adults are on wing from the second half of June to the first half of August.The larvae probably feed on Rumex species.
 Aristosoma suturale is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Aristosoma.
 Syncirsodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Sisurcana furcatana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Micropentila bunyoro is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo (North Kivu) and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Schizothorax nasus or Dongu snowtrout is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Diplonearcha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Deinypena fulvida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Arpia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The black carp (Mylopharyngodon piceus) or black Chinese roach is a species of cyprinid fish and the sole species of the genus Mylopharyngodon. It is native to lakes and rivers in East Asia ranging from the Amur Basin through China to Vietnam. It is widely cultivated for food and Chinese medicine. The black carp grows to a maximum length of up to six feet (1.8 m) and a maximum weight over 220 pounds (104 kg)[citation needed] generally feeding on snails and mussels.
 The Chatham Gerygone or Chatham Island Warbler (Gerygone albofrontata) is a species of bird in the Acanthizidae family.It is endemic to the Chatham Islands.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Alamitophis is a genus of fossil snake in the extinct family of Madtsoiidae. Its length is 80 cm and it fed on frogs lizards and small mammals. It is found in Australia and Argentina.
 Tanychastis is a genus of moths of the Oecophoridae family.
 Limopsis sulcata common name the sulcate limopsis is a species of very small clam a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Limopsidae. This species occurs along the Atlantic coast of North America from Massachusetts to the West Indies.
 Prionotalis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Elachista toveella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Spain.
 Leptaxis erubescens is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails.
 Xanthorrachista is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Phyllocnistis micrographa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was named by E. Meyrick in 1916.
 Ophiocomina nigra commonly known as the black brittle star or black serpent star is a species of marine invertebrate in the order Ophiurida. It occurs in the north-eastern Atlantic Ocean the North Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Festive Amazon (Amazona festiva) also known as the Festive Parrot is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Venezuela. It is associated with forest (especially Várzea) and woodland growing near major rivers. Locally it is also found in coastal mangroves (primarily in Amapá). There are two subspecies; A. f. festiva and A. f. bodini.
 Asura haemachroa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Manduca vestalis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Brazil to Venezuela and probably north-western Bolivia.Adults have been recorded in November.
 Tactusa similis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Thailand.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewing is relatively short and narrow. The ground colour is yellowish white with a basal-costal patch and dorsomedial triangular patch. It is white between the basal and antemedial lines and narrowly white between the triangular patch and the subterminal line.
 Bedellia boehmeriella is a moth of the Bedelliidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.The larvae feed on Boehmeria grandis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Full-grown larvae are about 6 mm long. When full-grown the larva emerges from the leaf and pupates on the under side of the leaf beside a rib after having spun a few fibers of silk in which to fasten itself. The pupa is about 4.5 mm long. The pupal period lasts about 9 days.
 Depressigyra is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Peltospiridae.
 Adelomyrmex is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. They are small litter-inhabiting ants most often collected in Berlese and Winkler samples. Although the genus and its relatives have a pantropical distribution Central American cloud forests are the only places where they are abundant and diverse. Several Adelomyrmex species are mountain-top endemics with very restricted ranges and climate change clearly poses the threat of mountain-top extinction.
 Mosasaurs (from Latin Mosa meaning the 'Meuse river' and Greek σαύρος sauros meaning 'lizard') are large extinct marine reptiles. The first fossil remains were discovered in a limestone quarry at Maastricht on the Meuse in 1764. Mosasaurs probably evolved from semiaquatic squamates known as aigialosaurs which were more similar in appearance to modern-day monitor lizards in the Early Cretaceous.
 Tetraodon kretamensis is a species of freshwater pufferfish known only from northern Borneo.
 Titanoceros heliodryas is a species of snout moth. It is found in Australia.
 Flabellomorphus longus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Flabellomorphus.
 Pomacentrus nigromarginatus is a Damselfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8cm in length.
 Lophoptera triangulata is a member of the moth family Noctuidae.It was described by a holotype from Kambaiti Myanmar.
 Eilema degenerella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Japan and China.
 Evesthes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 Estrilda is a genus of finch in the Estrildidae family. Most of the genus is found in Africa with one species the Arabian Waxbill ranging into Asia. Some species are kept as pets and have been accidentally introduced to various parts of the world.
 Turbonilla malulu is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Basilissopsis rhyssa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Trifurcula beirnei is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Great Britain Denmark and parts of Germany and Poland Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia and Hungary. It is also found in the Volga and Ural region of Russia.The wingspan is 8–11 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to late September.The larvae feed on Genista species including Genista tinctoria Genista germanica and Genista pilosa.
 Hadroconus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Seguenziidae.
 Elaphrus clairvillei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Kirby in 1837.
 The New Zealand Stiff-tailed Duck (Oxyura vantetsi) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which is known only from subfossil remains. It was first described as a distinct species by Trevor H. Worthy in 2005. The New Zealand Stiff-tailed Duck was closely related to the Australian Blue-billed Duck (Oxyura australis) but its bones were about one tenth smaller than those of its Australian relative.
 Surfers Paradise (14 October 1987 - c.1999) was a New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse who is best remembered for winning the Cox Plate in 1991.
 Macreupoca is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Prodoxus tehuacanensis is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in the Tehuacan-Cuicatlan region of Puebla and Oaxaca.The wingspan is 8.3-11.25 mm for males and 9.2-11.6 mm for females. The forewings white with dark bands in males. The hindwings are white with a grey area along the front edge. Adults are on wing in late April.The larvae feed on Yucca periculosa and Yucca mixtecana.
 Morpho telemachus is a Neotropical butterfly.
 Lugubrilaria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Epetriodus freddyi the Needletooth cusk is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian and the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of 1000 to 1750 metres (3280 to 5740 ft). This species grows to a length of 21.5 centimetres (8.5 in) SL. It is the only known species of its genus.
 Pseudothyretes nigrita is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Ghana and Kenya.
 Graphium is a genus of mostly tropical swallowtail butterflies commonly known as swordtails kite swallowtails or ladies. Native to Eurasia Africa and Oceania the genus is represented by over 100 species. Their coloration is as variable as the habitats they frequent; from rainforest to savannah. Some possess tails which may be long and swordlike while others lack any hindwing extensions.
 Acosmerycoides is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Acosmerycoides harterti which is found from Assam in India eastwards across southern China to Taiwan and south to Thailand Laos and Vietnam.The wingspan is 80-90 mm.The larvae feed on Vitis species.
 The Rosy Pipit (Anthus roseatus) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan China India South Korea Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Vietnam.
 Tridentiger nudicervicus the Bare-naped goby is a species of goby native to marine and brackish waters along the coasts of eastern Asia. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 Hydrobia is a genus of very small brackish water snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Leucochloridium paradoxum common name green-banded broodsac is a parasitic flatworm (or helminth) that uses gastropods as an intermediate host. It is typically found in Succinea that live in Europe and North America where it infects the host’s eyes making them appear as caterpillars that other birds prey on. Various birds consume these infected gastropods becoming the definitive host for L.
 Mastersonia is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 The Tanimbar Bush Warbler (Horornis carolinae) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.It is found only in Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Batrachedra liopis is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Rasbora laticlavia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Pyrgospira obeliscus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Conchatalos lacrima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Miltochrista strigivenata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in India (Assam).
 Spotted Fritillary redirects here. For the plant see Fritillaria atropurpurea.The Spotted Fritillary or Red-band Fritillary (Melitaea didyma) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Anacopodia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Aristelliger is a genus of Caribbean geckos in the family Sphaerodactylidae commonly known as croaking geckos.
 Canidia chemsaki is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Wappes and Lingafelter in 2005 and is known from Mexico.
 Daedalina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aegle subflava is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Kazakhstan Turkmenistan and Tajikistan.
 Halfway to Heaven (foaled 25 April 2005) is a retired Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and an active broodmare. After winning one minor race as a two-year-old in 2007 she emerged as one of the leading fillies in Europe the following year recording Group One successes in the Irish 1000 Guineas Nassau Stakes and Sun Chariot Stakes. She was retired from racing at the end of the year having won four of her nine races.
 Lachnocnema katangae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the south-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Mordella holomelaena is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1914.
 Eulima amblia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Axiopoeniella laymerisa is a species of moth in the family Arctiidae. It is found on Madagascar.
 The Diphlebiidae are a small family of damselflies the azure damselflies with two species in two genera: Diphlebia and Philoganga. Diphlebia is found in Australia and Philoganga is found in Southeast Asia. They are large and thick-bodied damselflies. They rest with their wings spread out. The Diphlebiidae are also known as Philogangidae.
 Agonopterix irrorata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France Switzerland Sicily Croatia Ukraine Greece Crete and Israel.The wingspan is 16–20 mm.
 The Common Eider (pronounced /ˈaɪ.dər/) (Somateria mollissima) is a large (50–71 cm body length) sea-duck that is distributed over the northern coasts of Europe North America and eastern Siberia. It breeds in Arctic and some northern temperate regions but winters somewhat farther south in temperate zones when it can form large flocks on coastal waters.
 Spirotropis genilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Coleophora strigosella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Portugal Spain and France.The larvae feed on the leaves of Quercus species.
 Procecidochares alani is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Procecidochares of the family Tephritidae.
 The Harpy Eagle (Harpia harpyja) is a Neotropical species of eagle. It is sometimes known as the American Harpy Eagle to distinguish it from the Papuan Eagle which is sometimes known as the New Guinea Harpy Eagle or Papuan Harpy Eagle. It is the largest and most powerful raptor found in the Americas and among the largest extant species of eagles in the world. It usually inhabits tropical lowland rainforests in the upper (emergent) canopy layer.
 The desert grass spider (Agelenopsis aperta) is a species of spider belonging to the family Agelenidae. It is found in dry regions across the southern United States and into Mexico.This long-legged spider is rather similar to its congeners but the overall colour is grey rather than the more usual brown. The body length (excluding legs) is up to 19 mm the female averaging slightly larger (otherwise the sexes are similar). The pale grey carapace is marked with two prominent dark stripes.
 The vortex banded mountain snail or whorled mountain snail scientific name Oreohelix vortex is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oreohelicidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Monodaeus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Monodaeus arnaudi Guinot & Macpherson 1988 Monodaeus couchii (Couch 1851) Monodaeus cristulatus Guinot & Macpherson 1988 Monodaeus guinotae Forest 1976 Monodaeus pettersoni Garth 1985 Monodaeus rectifrons (Crosnier 1967) Monodaeus rouxi (Capart 1951) Monodaeus tuberculidens (Rathbun 1911)↑
 Xylodryas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ponera pennsylvanica is a species of ant that is usually found in mesic forests in the Eastern United States. The species' nests are usually found under rotting logs in rotting stumps or logs in acorns in soil and in leaf mold. Ant colonies usually have no more than 100 worker ants.
 Leucosyrinx elsa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Acraea braesia is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Somalia north-eastern Uganda eastern and northern Kenya and north-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of dry thornbush country.
 Charaxes ameliae the Blue-spotted Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Zambia Tanzania and Malawi. The habitat consists of forests and Brachystegia woodland.The larvae feed on Brachystegia spiciformis Julbernardia globiflora Albizia adianthifolia and Baikiaea insignis.
 Izatha convulsella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is widespread in the eastern part of the South Island. In the North Island it has only been recorded from Wellington Otaki Palmerston North Taihape and Waipawa.The wingspan is 14–20 mm for males and 13.5–19 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late September to February.Larvae have been recorded living under the bark of Dacrydium cupressinum.
 Andesobia sanguinea is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Lake Titicaca region of Peru and Bolivia.It is the only member of the Andesobia genus with red colouration prevalent on the hindwing and often the forewing the latter varying from whitish pink to whitish tan. Females are micropterous and are similar to Andesobia jelskii but with a more yellowish colour.
 Exilisia rufescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1958. It is found on Madagascar.
 The Hercules beetle (Dynastes hercules) is the most famous and largest of the rhinoceros beetles. It is native to the rainforests of Central America South America and the Lesser Antilles. The beetle has also been observed as far north as Southern Veracruz in Mexico. Their title is well deserved with some able to lift more than 850 times (up to 8 kg lifted) their own weight and some males rarely reaching 17 cm (6.75 inches) in length.
 Haliotis queketti common name Quekett's abalone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Eye of the Leopard (foaled March 2 2006 in Ontario) is a Canadian thoroughbred racehorse who on June 21 2009 won Canada's most prestigious race the Queen's Plate.Called a big goof by his trainer Eye of the Leopard was a late developer and did not race at age two. In early 2009 he suffered from a respiratory infection that further hampered his development. He made an unimpressive first start in April 2009 at Keeneland Race Course in Lexington Kentucky finishing third to last.
 Cliomantis is a genus of praying mantis in the order Mantodea.
 Asian horned frog redirects here. This may also refer specifically to Megophrys montana.Megophrys is a genus of frogs (Anura) in the family Megophryidae. They occur in the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago.They commonly have elongated upper eyebrows and are thus known as Asian horned frogs. They belong to the suborder Mesobatrachia and are therefore by no means close relatives of the South American horned frogs (Ceratophrys) which are Neobatrachia.
 Japonicrambus is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Prometheus is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae containing only one species Prometheus cochrus which is found in Brazil and Paraguay.
 Xanthograpta purpurascens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Austrodiscus lopesi is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin in Brazil.
 Endotricha erythralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Mabille in 1900 and is known from Madagascar South Africa the Democratic Republic of Congo and Socotra.
 Calcochloris is a genus of mammal in the Chrysochloridae family. It contains the following species: Congo Golden Mole (Calcochloris leucorhinus) Yellow Golden Mole (Calcochloris obtusirostris) Somali Golden Mole (Calcochloris tytonis)↑
 The Cape House Snake (Boaedon capensis) is a Species of Colubrid from South Africa its range stretches from KwaZulu-Natal all the way through to the Western Cape. They are a non-venomous colubrid.This species was previously grouped in the genus: Lamprophis but as of November 2010 is regrouped with the genus: Boaedon
 Acalyptris melanospila is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934. It is known from Bombay India. The hostplant for the species is Randia dumetorum.
 Americamysis almyra is a shrimp-like crustacean in the order Mysida the opossum shrimps. It is native to estuarine waters in the western Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico. It is often referred to in the literature as Mysidopsis almyra.
 Pliopedia pacifica is an extinct species of walrus found in what is now Central Valley California which lived during the late Miocene.
 Marginella celestae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Euphaedra janetta the Janetta Themis Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to fallen fruit.
 The Protentomidae are a family of hexapods in the order Protura.
 Chorisops is a genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 Proutoscia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The bellowfishes or bellowsfishes are fishes in the genus Notopogon in the family Centriscidae. They are found in deeper parts of the temperate southern oceans although the longspine bellowfish has been recorded as far north as New Caledonia and Madagascar. According to FishBase they are part of the family Centriscidae but some authorities split that family in which case the genus Notopogon is in the family Macroramphosidae.
 Altica tamaricis is a species of flea beetle from the family of leaf beetles that can be found everywhere in Europe and Near East.
 The Togian Boobook or Togian Hawk-owl (Ninox burhani) is an owl (Strigidae) described as new to science in 2004. The bird is currently known only from three islands in the Togian group an archipelago in the Gulf of Tomini off the coast of Sulawesi Indonesia. The new species was discovered on 25 December 1999.The scientific name honours a local Indonesian conservationist called Burhan.
 Streblidae are flies in the superfamily Hippoboscoidea and together with their relatives the Nycteribiidae are known as bat flies. They are winged or wingless ectoparasites of bats and often have long legs. They appear to be host-specific with different species of bat flies occurring only on particular species of bat hosts sometimes with multiple species of flies sharing a host bat.
 Dysdera erythrina is a species of spider in the family Dysderidae. It is nearly indistinguishable from the spider Dysdera crocata but is less common.
 Hydrelia undularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Nepal.
 The Brazilian Spiny Tree Rat (Makalata didelphoides) is a species of rodent in the Echimyidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela where it lives in lowland tropical rainforest. There is also a population in Ecuador which is referable either to this species or to Makalata macrurus. It is nocturnal and eats seeds.
 Polia goliath is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern Asia including Japan and Taiwan.The wingspan is 50–58 mm.
 Triatoma indictiva is an arthropod in the assassin bug family of Reduviidae and is an important vector of Trypanosoma cruzi. T. cruzi is the protozoan that causes Chagas Disease which affects approximately eight million people a year in the western hemisphere alone. Triatoma indictiva is found in Mexico and throughout the southern United States including Arizona and Texas.
 Athoracophorus suteri is a leaf-veined slug a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae.
 Matabele is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Matabele arabica Mateu 1986 Matabele miranda Peringuey 1896↑
 The bearded sakis are five species of New World monkeys classified in the genus Chiropotes. They live in the eastern and central Amazon in South America ranging through southern Venezuela Guyana Suriname French Guiana and northern and central Brazil.
 Metzneria artificella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from southern and eastern Europe to the southern Ural and the Volga region. It is also found in Iran and southernSiberia.
 Lasiarchis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Crenavolva philippei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Hydrophis klossi commonly known as Kloss's sea snake is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
 Tipasa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Rickart's dyak fruit bat (Dyacopterus rickarti) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family found in Luzon and Mindanao islands in the Philippines.
 Arnoldius is a genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
 Alvania freitasi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Belgrandia is a genus of very small aquatic snails operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Zyzzogeton is a rare genus of leafhopper endemic to South America. It is named after a former genus Zyzza (probably an onomatopoeia) appended with the ancient Greek geitōn (γείτων ‘neighbour’).The word is known for being the last word defined in the Webster's New International Dictionary Unabridged released in September 1961. It also appears in the 1939 Second edition and is still present in current versions.
 Grammia bolanderi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1872. It is only known from Mount Shasta in California.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is blackish brown with a yellowish anal margin. The hindwings are rose with black markings. Adults are probably on wing in spring or early summer.
 The whitebelly tree frog Hyla alboguttata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia and Peru. Its natural habitats are tropical and subtropical moist lowland forests swamps intermittent freshwater marshes plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paracles variegata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Juan Fernández Firecrown (Sephanoides fernandensis) is a hummingbird found today solely on Isla Róbinson Crusoe one of a three-island archipelago belonging to Chile. It is non-migratory and shares the island with its smaller relative the Green-backed Firecrown (S. sephaniodes) which seasonally migrates to the mainland.
 The Annulipalpia also known as the fixed-retreat makers are a suborder of Trichoptera. The larvae construct fixed retreats in freshwater aquatic environments. Most of the families are unique in spinning silken nets for filter feeding. The name of the suborder refers to the flexible terminal segment of the adult maxillary palps which often has many tiny rings.
 Loxostege sticticalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and Nearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 24–29 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Artemisia vulgaris Beet Chenopodium album and Artemisia campestris. It can become a pest for Sugar beet and Tobacco.
 Panthea judyae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has been collected in the Mogollon Mountains and Big Burro Mountains of south-western New Mexico the Huachuca Mountains of south-eastern Arizona and the Sierra Madre Occidental of northern Mexico at elevations of 1800–2400 m.The wingspan is 32–38 mm for males and 42–44 mm for females. Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Mylothris citrina is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Asphinctopone differens is a species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae.
 Copelatus rocchii is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo in 1982.
 The Hunter's Cisticola (Cisticola hunteri) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are tropical moist montane and high-altitude shrubland. It is a dueting species.
 Troglocaris is a genus of freshwater shrimp in the family Atyidae.
 Distichodus is a genus of fish in the Distichodontidae family found in tropical Africa.
 Adhemarius jamaicensis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Rothschild and Jordan in 1915 and is known from Jamaica.Adults have been recorded in July but there are probably at least two generations per year.
 Bungarus commonly referred to as kraits (pronounced kra-its) is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in South and Southeast Asia. There are 13 species and five subspecies (excluding nominal) recognized.
 Pugnus serrei is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Marginellidae.
 The Buff-cheeked Greenlet (Hylophilus muscicapinus) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The lesser hedgehog tenrec (Echinops telfairi) is a species of mammal in the Tenrecidae family. It is the only species in the genus Echinops and is named in honour of Charles Telfair.
 Furcifer verrucosus also known as the warty chameleon spiny chameleon or crocodile chameleon is a species of small reptile endemic to Madagascar. It was first described by Georges Cuvier in 1829.
 Oenopota levidensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Bombyx is the genus of true silkmoths or mulberry silkmoths of the family Bombycidae. For a few thousand years people only recognised 2 species but then several other less important species were discovered and the genus contains 2 tested hybrid species- a semi-natural cross between a female Bombyx mori and a male Bombyx mandarina and an other hybrid the other way around from the first.
 Mordellistena thoracalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Franciscolo in 1967.
 The Western Atlantic finless eel (Apterichtus kendalli also known as the Finless eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1891. It is a marine subtropical eel which is known from the western and eastern Atlantic Ocean including North Carolina USA; the western Bahamas Venezuela and St. Helena Island.
 Nicothoe astaci is a copepod that parasitises the gills of the lobster species Homarus gammarus. N. astaci attaches to the gill filament of the lobster by the use of its sucking mouthparts. Sharp mandibles pierce the wall of the gill filament and a muscular throat leading to the stomach sucks the host's blood out. In its adult form Nicothoe is barely mobile and most likely remains in the same position for most of its life.
 Hemixesma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Plain Laughingthrush or Père David's Laughingthrush (Garrulax davidi) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Lampropteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Striped cusk-eel (Ophidion marginatum) is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae. Widespread in the Western Atlantic from New York to northeastern Florida USA. Marine subtropical demersal fish up to 25 cm long.
 Saunders' Case Moth or Large Bagworm (Metura elongatus) is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is known from the eastern half of Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 30 mm for males. Adult males have black wings an orange hairy head and a black and orange banded abdomen. Female adults have no wings and remain in the larval case. They are white with a brown head and reach a length of about 30 mm.
 Blyth's Shrike-babbler (Pteruthius aeralatus) is a bird species found in the eastern Himalayas and Southeast Asia from northern Burma to southern Cambodia. Like others in the genus it is found in montane forests. Males and females have different plumages and variations occur through its range with several populations being treated as subspecies. It is part of a cryptic species complex and was earlier lumped as a subspecies of the White-browed Shrike-babbler.
 Suillia flavifrons is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Monochroa arundinetella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees Alps and Hungary and from Great Britain to Ukraine.The wingspan is 10–12 mm.The larvae feed on Carex acutiformis Carex riparia and Carex rostrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a narrow long corridor. It may change direction. The larva may leave the mine and restart elsewhere. Pupation takes place within the mine in a white cocoon.
 Mithras is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Bulmer's tree frog (Litoria bulmeri) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Amphimallon gianfranceschii is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Italy.
 Anastrepha suspensa also called the Greater Antilliean fruit fly or guava fruit fly is closely related to the Mexican fruit fly (Anastrepha ludens).
 Physostegania is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Oncometopia is a genus of sharpshooters found in North and South America.
 Harutaeographa saba is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
 The Jakama Hairstreak (Chrysozephyrus jakamensis) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Heligmosomoides polygyrus (formerly known as Nematospiroides dubius) is a common parasitic nematode found in the duodenum and small intestine of woodmice and other rodents.They are 5-20 mm in length and bright red due to the pigmentation of their tissues. They are usually heavily coiled with the female having 12-15 coils and the male 8-12.
 Eurythmia angulella is a species of snout moths in the genus Eurhodope. It was described by Ely in 1910 and is known from North America.
 Acleris effractana the Hook-winged tortrix moth is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Hubner in 1799. It has a Holarctic distriburtion. In Europe it is found from northern Europe to the northern part of central Europe. It is also present in north-western Russia Japan Canada and the north-western United States.The wingspan is 21–23 mm. The forewings are brownish fuscouswith thin lines and groups of blackish erect scales. The hindwings are light grey.
 Band cusk-eel (Ophidion holbrookii) is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae. Widespread in the Western Atlantic from North Carolina USA and northern Gulf of Mexico to southeastern Brazil. Absent from the Bahamas. Marine reef-associated tropical demersal fish up to 30 cm long.
 The Maui Banana Hedyleptan Moth (Omiodes musicola) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Molokai and Maui. The larvae feed on Banana. Full-grown larvae are about 27 mm long and dull pale greenish.The pupa is 14 mm long and medium brown. The pupal stage takes about 11 days.
 Nyctemera calcicola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of upper montane forest on limestone.The length of the forewings is 23-25 mm. The forewings are black.The larvae possibly feed on Senecio species.
 Manduca mossi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru eastern Ecuador and Bolivia.Adults have been recorded in January.
 Bythinella galerae is a species of very small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae.As of 2002 no living animals had been found. Empty shells were used as the basis for the species description.
 Congorhynchus (Greek for Congo snout) is a genus of prehistoric fish that was described by E. Darteville and E. Casier in 1949. Fossils belonging to Congorhynchus date back to the Maastrichtian stage of the Late Cretaceous as well as the Eocene. This means that this genus survived the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event that killed the dinosaurs. There are three known species all of which are extinct.
 The Yellow-bellied Eremomela (Eremomela icteropygialis) is an Old World warbler. However the taxonomy of the African warblers an assemblage of usually species-poor and apparently rather ancient odd warblers from Africa is currently in a state of flux. Today most taxonomists consider members in this genus members of the Cisticolidae family.The Yellow-bellied Eremomela is a common breeding species in Africa south of the Sahara in its habitat of open woodland savannah and dry scrub.
 Toxodontidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals known from the Oligocene through the Pleistocene of South America with one genus Mixotoxodon also known from the Pleistocene of Central America and southwestern North America (Texas). They somewhat resembled rhinoceroses and had teeth with high crowns and open roots suggesting that they often fed on tough pampas grass.
 The lesser gerbilGerbillus gerbillus is distributed mainly in Morocco Northern Nigeria to Jordan and Kenya. It is also known as the small Egyptian gerbil. It is much smaller than other gerbils sometimes kept as pets.
 Caryocolum inflativorella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Slovakia Hungary Romania and the Republic of Macedonia.The length of the forewings is 5.5–8 mm for males and 6–7 mm for females. The forewings are mottled dark brown with light yellowish brown markings. Adults have been recorded on wing from late June to mid-August.The larvae feed on Silene vulgaris. They feed in the stem of the host plant causing an internodial gall. Pupation also takes place within the stem.
 Agrotis chretieni is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in France and on the Iberian Peninsula.Adults are on wing from May to June in one generation.Recorded foodplants include Quercus Populus alba and Ulex.
 Cytocanis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cibyra foetterlei is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Brazil.
 Splendrillia houbricki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Parablennius is a diverse genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic western Pacific and Indian oceans.
 Vithora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Leona meloui the Melou’s Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Torodora chinanensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 25 mm. Adults have a large yellowish triangular patch on the inner margin of the forewing mesially.
 The Strigoceratidae is a family in the ammonitid superfamily Haplocerataceae restricted to the lower Middle Jurassic Bajocian stage possibly derived from the Hammitoceratidae. The family was established and named by Buckman in 1924.
 Tuzoia is a large bivalved arthropod known from the Burgess Shale British Columbia and Kaili (Guizhou China). This arthropod reached lengths of 180 mm long. There are currently 7 valid species recognized.
 Pharos (April 4 1920 - April 30 1937) was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse and a Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland.
 Rivetina excellens is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Hispanochampsa is an extinct genus of alligatoroid crocodilian. More than 100 fossils dating back to the Oligocene have been found from Lleida Spain. The genus was first named in 1936 and was initially thought to be an alligatorid. However in 2006 it was proposed that Hispanochampsa was a member of the subfamily Diplocynodontinae and possibly synonymous with Diplocynodon based on the presence of paired ossifications of the ventral osteoderms and a widened illiac blade.
 Tonna berthae is a species of large sea snail or tun snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Kelp pipefish Syngnathus californiensis is a species of the pipefishes. Habits the Eastern Pacific from the Bodega Bay in northern California USA to southern Baja California Mexico. Marine subtropical demersal fish up to 50.0 cm length.
 Puntius parrah is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in Kerala Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in India.
 Dactylopogon is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Campanian.
 Carpodectes is a genus of bird in the Cotingidae family. It contains the following species: Black-tipped Cotinga Carpodectes hopkei Yellow-billed Cotinga Carpodectes antoniae Snowy Cotinga Carpodectes nitidus
 The Violet Dropwing Trithemis annulata is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae.It is found in Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Egypt Ethiopia France Gambia Ghana Greece Guinea Israel Kenya Liberia Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Réunion Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. 
 Chleuastochoerus is an extinct genus of pig that lived in the Miocene of Russia and Eastern Asia.
 Pascula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Greenish Naked-backed Fruit Bat (Dobsonia viridis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Dipogon bifasciatus is a spider wasp from the family Pompilidae.
 Trophonella longstaffi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Clavus viduus common name the black-banded clava is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.This species also goes under the name Clavus viduus.
 Scea grandis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in South America including and possibly limited to Colombia.
 Neptuneopsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Spelaeorhynchus is a genus of mites placed in its own family Spelaeorhynchidae in the order Mesostigmata. It contains five recognized species: Spelaeorhynchus praecursor Neuman 1902 Spelaeorhynchus hutsoni Martyn 1988 Spelaeorhynchus jimi Peracchi 1992 Spelaeorhynchus soaresi Peracchi 1992 Spelaeorhynchus wenzeli Peracchi 1992↑
 The Stripe-throated Bulbul (Pycnonotus finlaysoni) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Cambodia China Laos Malaysia Burma Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ypsolopha excisella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain but has also been recorded from Mongolia and Asia Minor.
 Anarsia nigrimacula is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Janse in 1949. It is found in South Africa.
 The Dlinza Forest pinwheel scientific name Trachycystis clifdeni is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to South Africa. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. The common name is a reference to the Dlinza Forest Nature Reserve.
 Odostomia atossa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Zoogoneticus is a genus of splitfins endemic to Mexico.
 The insect order Notoptera a group first proposed in 1915 has been largely unused since its original conception but in the most recent classification of the lineage of insects that includes the Grylloblattodea and Mantophasmatodea the name was resurrected and redefined so as to give a single order that includes both the living and fossil representatives of the lineage.
 Onchidella wah is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Telmatherina obscura is a species of fish in the Telmatherinidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Clema elegans is a beetle species in the genus Clema.
 Provocator is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 The Rough-legged Buzzard (Buteo lagopus) called the Rough-legged Hawk in North America is a medium-large bird of prey. It is found in Arctic and Subarctic regions of North America and Eurasia during the breeding season and migrates south for the winter.Nests are typically located on cliffs bluffs or in trees. Clutch sizes are variable with food availability but 3–5 eggs are usually laid. These hawks hunt over open land feeding primarily on small mammals.
 Lindholmiola is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicodontidae.
 Coleophora pilion is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Artemisia turanica.
 Turbonilla kingi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Thopha colorata commonly known as the golden drummer is an Australian cicada native to Central Australia. Adult cicadas alight exclusively on river red gums (Eucalyptus camaldulensis). The nymph is 18–20 millimetres (0.71–0.79 in) long and is a dull brown colour.
 Ocrisiodes sesamella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ocrisiodes. It was described by Roesler in 1988 and is known from Iran.
 The Dissonant Dart (Euxoa dissona) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in north-eastern North America including Quebec Newfoundland and Labrador the Northwest Territories Manitoba and New Hampshire.
 Sparganothina spinulosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sinaloa).The length of the forewings is 8.8 mm for males and 9-10.5 mm for females. The forewings are cream-coloured with dark-brown markings and scattered orange-brown scales. The hindwings are pale brown.
 Acrocercops dinosticha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1936. The larvae feed on Euphorbiaceae species.
 Sipatosia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Criodion tuberculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Long-fingered triok (Dactylopsila palpator) is a species of marsupial in the Petauridae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Eurylomia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Loxostege peltalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Russia.
 Zonaria picta is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The Bush Vlei Rat or Karoo Bush Rat (Myotomys unisulcatus formerly Otomys unisulcatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Namibia and South Africa.Its natural habitat is temperate shrubland.
 Mordellistena minor is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1937.
 Reduviidae (from the contained genus Reduvius which comes from the Latin reduvia meaning hangnail or remnant) is a large cosmopolitan family of predatory insects in the suborder Heteroptera. It includes assassin bugs (genera include Melanolestes Platymeris Pselliopus Rasahus Reduvius Rhiginia Sinea Triatoma and Zelus) ambush bugs (subfamily Phymatinae) wheel bugs (Arilus cristatus) and thread-legged bugs (the subfamily Emesinae including the genus Emesaya).
 Verrazano (foaled 27 January 2010) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2013 he established himself as one of the leading colts of his generation with wins in the Tampa Bay Derby and Wood Memorial Stakes but ran disappointingly in the Kentucky Derby and missed the remaining two legs of the Triple Crown. He returned to prominence later in the summer with wins in the Pegasus Stakes and the Haskell Invitational Stakes.
 Monacidia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Terinebrica triplex is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Sao Paulo).
 Subancistrocerus is an australian indomalayan african and palearctic genus of potter wasps. Males of this genus use to have an enlarged antennal tip.
 Stenoptilia elkefi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Tunisia Cyprus southern Europe Jordan Turkey Turkmenistan and Yemen.The wingspan is 17–19 mm.
 The Jondachi tree frog Hyloscirtus staufferorum is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hindsiclava alesidota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Zafrona macronata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Nannamoria gotoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Udea brontias is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Spilarctia dohertyi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Gelechia muscosella the Grey Sallow Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely distributed in Europe (except the Mediterranean region). Outside of Europe it is found in the Caucasus Siberia and the Russian Far East. The habitat consists of damp fenlands and shingle beaches.The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults are on wing from mid-June to early September.The larvae feed on Salix and Populus species. They feed in the catkins of their host plant.
 Domiporta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitridae.
 The Orchid Tit Chliaria othona is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Eupithecia exquisita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shensi).
 Ecsenius aroni known commonly as the Aron's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Indian ocean.
 The Blackthroat (Luscinia obscura) also known as the Black-throated Robin or Black-throated Blue Robin is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It breeds in north-central China but its wintering grounds are uncertain. It has been recorded as a vagrant in northwest Thailand. Its natural habitat is bamboo thickets within coniferous forest at altitudes of 3000–3400 metres.
 Theretra turneri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.The wingspan is about 60 mm. Adults have light brown forewings with a number of dark brown markings. They have plain brown hindwings.
 Sympistis columbia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in British Columbia and possibly further south. It was formerly known as Oncocnemis columbia but was transferred to the Sympistis genus in 2008.The wingspan is about 35 mm.The larvae feed on Holodiscus discolor.
 Asura megala is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China.
 Parachondrostoma is a genus of cyprinid fish found mostly in Spain with one species entering France. There are currently four species in this genus.
 Scopula asparta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasi Hills).
 Leptotyphlops macrurus or Boulenger's blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Gymnoscelis melaninfra is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 The Summer Flounder (Paralichthys dentatus) is a marine flatfish that is found in the Atlantic Ocean off the East coast of the United States and Canada. It is especially abundant in waters from North Carolina to Massachusetts.
 Konokareha is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Gurupur caecilian Gegeneophis krishni is a species of caecilian found in India. It is only known from its type locality Gurupur near Mangalore in Karnataka India.
 Kenyapotamus is a possible ancestor of living hippopotamids that lived in Africa roughly 16 million to 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch. Its name reflects that its fossils were first found in modern-day Kenya.Although little is known about the Kenyapotamus its dental pattern bore similarities to that of the genus Xenohyus a European tayassuid from the Early Miocene.
 The Freckled garden eel (Gorgasia naeocepaea) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by James Erwin Böhlke in 1951 originally under the genus Taenioconger. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from the western central Pacific Ocean including the Philippines and Indonesia. It is known to inhabit sandy regions and dwells at a depth range of 10 to 24 metres (33 to 79 ft). Males can reach a maximum total length of 75 centimetres (30 in).
 Tithraustes moerens is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in the forest understory along forest trails and streambeds in the Andean foothills of western Ecuador reaching southern Colombia.Larvae have been recorded feeding on an unidentified understory palm.
 Apatodon is a dubious genus of dinosaur possibly synonymous with Allosaurus. When Marsh named it he thought it was a jaw with a tooth from a Mesozoic pig but it was soon shown that the specimen was an eroded vertebra from a dinosaur possibly from the Morrison Formation of the Rocky Mountain region (the provenance data was unclear). Marsh had misidentified the neural spine as the tooth of a pig-like animal (Baur 1890).
 Paremonia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Eupyra sages is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Bolivia.
 The Northern Fiscal (Lanius humeralis) is a member of the shrike family found through most of Sub-Saharan Africa. It previously was lumped together with the Southern Fiscal (Lanius collaris). Together they were called the Common Fiscal.
 The Long-Tailed Clawed Salamander (also known as Fischer's Clawed Salamander) Onychodactylus fischeri is a species of clawed salamander found in Northeast Asia. It ranges through northeastern China the Russian Far East and the Korean Peninsula but is only sporadically distributed within this range. Within South Korea it is found chiefly in the high mountain valleys of Gangwon province including the Gwangdeoksan and Daeseongsan regions.
 Leucaloa nyasica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1911. It is found in Malawi and Zimbabwe.
 Suillia lurida is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Eleutherodactylus barlagnei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Guadeloupe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypatopa phoebe is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 7.5–8.4 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 Gnaphosa mongolica is a ground spider species found from Turkey Hungary to China.
 Rhamphexocoetus volans is an extinct bony fish that lived during the Lutetian epoch of Monte Bolca. It combines features of both halfbeaks (i.e. its elongated lower jaw) and flying fishes (i.e. its elongated pectoral fins).
 Abyssobela is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Esociformes are a small order of ray-finned fish with two families the Umbridae (mudminnows) and the Esocidae (pikes). The pikes of genus Esox give the order its name. The 10 species are found as five in each family. This order is closely related to the Salmoniformes the two comprising the superorder Protacanthopterygii and are often included in their order. The esociform fishes first appeared in the mid-Cretaceous — early products of the Euteleost radiation of that time.
 Eois cymatodes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Vanuatu and in Australia (Queensland).
 Haljulia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the upper Cenomanian.This fish may have used gills or lungs but the skeleton is inconclusive.
 The smoothnose wedgefish (Rhynchobatus laevis) is a species of fish in the Rhynchobatidae family. It is found in Australia Bangladesh China India Japan Oman Pakistan Sri Lanka and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is shallow seas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paziella galapagana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Enoicus fallax is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Enoicus.
 Microcastalia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Microcastalia globithorax (Thomson 1878) Microcastalia scintillans (Carter 1924)↑
 Ptychotrema is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.Ptychotrema is the type genus of the subfamily Ptychotrematinae.
 Neohelluo angulicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Neohelluo.
 Mordella octonotata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Ctenuchidia fulvibasis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found on Jamaica.
 The Pteromalidae are a very large family of parasitic wasps with some 3450 described species in about 640 genera (the number was greater but many species and genera have been reduced to synonymy in recent years). The subfamily-level divisions of the family are highly contentious and unstable and the family unquestionably is completely artificial composed of numerous distantly related groups (polyphyletic).
 Bullockus guesti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The coppery titi (Callicebus cupreus) is a species of titi a type of New World monkey from South America. It is found in the Amazon of Brazil and Peru and perhaps Bolivia.
 Zodarion granulatum is a spider species found in Cyprus Greece Turkey Lebanon and Israel.
 Odontosagda blandii is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
 The diamond stingray (Dasyatis dipterura) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. It is found in the coastal waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean from southern California to northern Chile and around the Galápagos and Hawaiian Islands. This bottom-dweller generally inhabits sandy or muddy flats near rocky reefs and kelp forests to a depth of 30 m (98 ft) though off Hawaii it may range considerably deeper.
 Coleophora atriplicis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to France Poland and Romania and from Ireland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August in western Europe.The larvae feed on Atriplex littoralis Halimione portulacoides Salicornia and Suaeda species. They create a greyish-brown trivalved tubular silken case of 6.5–7 mm. The mouth angle is about 20°.
 Williella is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Bistonini are a tribe of geometer moths in subfamily the Ennominae. As numerous ennomine genera have not yet been assigned to a tribe the genus list is preliminary. In addition the entire tribe is sometimes merged into a much-expanded Boarmiini. In other treatments the Erannini are included in the present group.They overall resemble the Boarmiini which are certainly closely related.
 The Coquerel's Coua (Coua coquereli) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Lottiidae is a family of sea snails specifically true limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Lottioidea and the clade Patellogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Orthaga chionalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is known from Singapore and New Guinea.
 The Father Basilio's Striped Mouse or Bioko Hybomys (Hybomys basilii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Equatorial Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nicrophorus pliozaenicus is an extinct burying beetle described by Erasmus Gersdorf in 1969.
 Nola involuta is a moth of the Nolidae family. It was described from California and occurs from southern California to southern Texas. It is consistently different in wing markings from Nola apera to which it has been placed as a synonym.
 The Dusted Longhorn (Ceromitia turpisella) is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa. It is found in a wide range of habitats and is common in semi-arid areas.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have long antennae and a white body and wings. There are two distinct oblique bands on the forewings.
 Irene’s Underwing (Catocala irene) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Utah and California and Nevada.The wingspan is 65-75 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus and Salix species.
 Eupithecia casloata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Yukon British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Quebec Washington Montana Oregon Wyoming Colorado Utah California Maine and New Hampshire.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are alternately banded with irregular light and dark bands. The hindwings are largely pale with a broad smoky marginal band.
 Dogielinotidae is a family of amphipods.
 The vangas (from vanga Malagasy for the Hook-billed Vanga Vanga curvirostris) are a group of little-known small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to Madagascar and the Comoros. They are usually classified as the family Vangidae. There are about 22 species depending on taxonomy. Most species are shrike-like arboreal forest birds feeding on reptiles frogs and insects.
 Oscilla tricordata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Caecilia disossea is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Sphenostethus taslei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Sphenostethus.
 Chlanidophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Staffordia daflaensis is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Staffordiidae.The specific name daflaensis is apparently according to its area of distribution Dafla Hills in India.
 Thitarodes bibelteus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is found in Yunnan China.
 Schistosoma malayensis is a schistome parasite. It was first described in 1988 in Peninsular Malaysia and appears to be a zooenotic infection. The species is named after the country of Malaysia. The natural vertebrate host is van Müller's rat (Rattus muelleri). Among humans exposed to this parasite the lifetime incidence appears to be 5-10%. The disease has been little studied and it is currently considered to be a relatively minor public health problem.
 Hestiasula ceylonica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hestiasula in the order Mantodea.
 The Mariana Swiftlet or Guam Swiftlet (Aerodramus bartschi) is a species of swiftlet in the Apodidae family.
 Peristernia loebbeckei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Stibadium was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Plagiomimicus.
 Esakiopteryx venusta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Conus verdensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.The subspecies Conus verdensis furnae Rolán 1990 has been raised to the status of species as Conus furnae Rolán 1990.
 Phyllonorycter pruinosella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Central Asia Kazakhstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Populus species (including Populus diversifolia Populus euphratica and Populus pruinosa) and Salix species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Commander in Chief (1990–2007) was a British thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted just over three months in the spring and summer of 1993 he won five of his six races most notably the Derby at Epsom and the Irish Derby at the Curragh. He was the first Derby winner since Morston in 1973 not to have raced as a two-year-old. Furthermore the Racing Post had not even included him in their list of horses for the 1993 Ten-to-Follow on the flat competition.
 Bufo castaneoticus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Olrog's Cinclodes (Cinclodes olrogi) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.It is endemic to Argentina. The species is named after Swedish-Argentine biologist Claes C. Olrog.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Thysanoplusia sestertia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. it is found in Africa where it is known from Gabon Kenya South Africa and Uganda as well as from Saudi-Arabia and Yemen.
 Cisthene batialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro São Paulo).
 Nebria motschulskyi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia.
 The Cinereous Tyrant (Knipolegus striaticeps) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. The term cinereous describes its colouration. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 The pygmy rabbit (Brachylagus idahoensis) is a North American rabbit and is one of only two rabbit species in America to dig its own burrow. The pygmy rabbit differs significantly from species within either the Lepus (hare) or Sylvilagus (cottontail) genera and is generally considered to be within the monotypic genus Brachylagus. One isolated population the Columbia Basin Pygmy Rabbit is listed as an endangered species by the U.S.
 The Northern Pied Babbler (Turdoides hypoleuca) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Notorhizodon is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period (Givetian stage about 385 - 391 million years ago). It belonged to the family of Tristichopteridae fishes. Fossils have been found in Antarctica and described by Young et al. in 1992. Notorhizodon probably lived in freshwaters.
 Eumarozia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Tachina grossa or giant tachinid fly is a very large tachinid fly found throughout most of Western Europe. At 15–19 millimetres (0.6–0.7 in) it is one of the largest species of fly throughout much of its range and is the largest tachinid in Europe. It is very distinctive being hairy and with a black thorax and abdomen and a bright yellow head.
 Prodyscherus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Prodyscherus alluaudi (Banninger 1934) Prodyscherus androyanus Jeannel 1946 Prodyscherus anosyensis Basilewsky 1972 Prodyscherus australis Jeannel 1946 Prodyscherus basilewskyi Bulirsch Janak & Moravec 2005 Prodyscherus curtipennis (Fairmaire 1901) Prodyscherus decaryi Jeannel 1946 Prodyscherus externus (Fairmaire 1901) Prodyscherus grandidieri Jeannel 1946 Prodyscherus granulatus Jeannel 1946 Prodyscherus mandibularis (Fairmaire 1901) Prodyscherus meridionalis Jeannel 1955 Prodyscherus morondavae Basilewsky 1976 Prodyscherus nigrita (Banninger 1934) Prodyscherus ovatus (Banninger 1934) Prodyscherus pluto (K?nckel 1887) Prodyscherus praelongus (Fairmaire 1898) Prodyscherus pseudomandibularis (Banninger 1934) Prodyscherus rapax (Fairmaire 1883) Prodyscherus rugatus (Banninger 1934) Prodyscherus sexiessetosus Jeannel 1946↑
 Theodoxus fluviatilis common name the river nerite is a species of small freshwater and brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.Theodoxus fluviatilis is the type species of the genus Theodoxus. Anistratenko (2005) designated the lectotype for Theodoxus fluviatilis.
 Copelatus regimbarti is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Branden in 1885.
 Oreta loochooana is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Japan Korea mainland China and Taiwan.The wingspan is 30–37 mm.The larvae feed on the leaves of Viburnum odoratissimun and Viburnum luzonicus var. formosanum. Pupation takes place on the leaf surface.
 Charaxes virilis the Blue Demon Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests and forest/savanna mosaic.The larvae feed on Adenanthera pavonina Griffonia simplicifolia Cathormium Dalbergia Entada and Tetrapleura species.
 Megalopyge is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Trombidium cancelai is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae. It is found in Spain.
 The Mundo Novo tree frog Hypsiboas marginatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Quebec Emerald (Somatochlora brevicincta) is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is found in Canada and the United States. Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Helicella orzai is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 Esseiachryson minutum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Esseiachryson.
 The Guatemalan vole (Microtus guatemalensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Guatemala and Chiapas Mexico in montane pine-oak forest and meadow at elevations between 2600 and 3100 m above sea level. It is terrestrial and probably diurnal or crepuscular.
 The whip fan nudibranch scientific name Tritonia nilsodhneri is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.The specific name nilsodhneri is in honor of Swedish malacologist Nils Hjalmar Odhner.
 Ceromasia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Stirtonia is an extinct genus of New World monkey from the middle and late Miocene. Its remains have been found in South America. It is classified in Alouattini with howler monkeys.
 Idaea sympractor is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in northern Madagascar.this species has a wingspan of 13-15mm it is similar to Idaea lycaugidia but in average smaller and browner with stronger grey irrorations or suffusions.
 Embryoglossa bipuncta is a species of snout moths in the genus Embryoglossa. It was described by Hampson in 1903 and is known from India.
 Rondotia lineata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Leech in 1898. It is found in China and Korea.
 Orthogonius stygius is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1930.
 The False Garden Mantis Pseudomantis albofimbriata is one of the most common species of mantis in Australia. Females reach 70 mm while males reach 50 mm.
 Scopula eulomata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Java Bali Sumatra Nias and Japan.
 Mylothris schumanni Schumann’s Dotted Border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo southern Sudan Burundi Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of lowland forests.Adult males have been recorded mud-puddling on river banks in dense forest.
 Calamonastes is a genus of birds in the family Cisticolidae. It contains African wren-warblers.
 Sterrhoptilus is a songbird genus recently separated from Stachyris. It previously was placed in the family Timaliidae.
 Orthogonius batesianus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2007.
 Sympagus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Sympagus bimaculatus (Gilmour 1958) Sympagus buckleyi (Bates 1885) Sympagus cedrelis Hovore & Toledo 2006 Sympagus favorabilis Tippmann 1960 Sympagus laetabilis (Bates 1872) Sympagus monnei Hovore & Toledo 2006↑
 Ocenebra brevirobusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Thyas nubilata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Congo.
 Japonia hispida is a species of land snails with opercula terrestrial gastropods in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Conchaspis capensis is a species of scale insect from South Africa found on Metalasia muricata and Phylica species. It was originally described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1763 work Centuria Insectorum.
 Hypendalia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudoblabes pseudolabia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in the Philippines.
 The alpine pika (Ochotona alpina) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is found in Kazakhstan Mongolia and Russia in very cold mountainous regions. It is a small mammal only weighing about 5 ounces (0.31 lb) and about 7 inches (18 cm) long. They have no visible tail round ears and sharp claws used for foraging and digging. They feed mainly on plant stems which they gather during the summer for the winter months to create haypiles.
 Valenciennellus is a genus of marine hatchetfishes. They are commonly known as constellationfishes.
 Barisoa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ioditis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Metasepia pfefferi also known as Pfeffer's flamboyant cuttlefish is a species of cuttlefish occurring in tropical Indo-Pacific waters off northern Australia southern New Guinea as well as numerous islands of the Philippines Indonesia and Malaysia. Mark Norman of Museum Victoria in Victoria Australia discovered that this unique species of cuttlefish is poisonous.
 Carangoides is a genus of tropical to subtropical marine fishes in the jack family Carangidae. They are small- to large-sized deep bodied fish characterised by a certain gill raker and jaw morphology often appearing very similar to jacks in the genus Caranx. They inhabit the subtropical and tropical regions of the Indian Pacific and Atlantic Oceans often occupying coastal areas including reefs bays and estuaries rarely venturing far offshore.
 Fusigobius aureus is a species of goby native to coral reefs around Indonesia and the Solomon Islands and in the Coral Sea.This is a distinctive species largely translucent with numerous yellow spots on the body and fins and a yellow line on the head. There is a small black mark at the base of the caudal fin and an extensive black blotch on the first dorsal fin. The pelvic fins are almost entirely separated. This fish grows to around 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) SL.
 Eumenia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Talara coccinea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found in Panama and the Amazon region.
 Sagittala is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of only one species Sagittala peba which is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Mirificarma burdonella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 5.5-6.5 mm for males and 5.5–6 mm for females. The head is cream to light brown. The forewings are mottled light brown and cream usually darker in the apical fifth and at the costal margin with an irregular dark brown stripe along fold. Adults are on wing from August to September.
 Oliva bifasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Moon Striped Mouse or Ruwenzori Hybomys (Hybomys lunaris) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The White-bellied Wren (Uropsila leucogastra) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Uropsila. It is found in Belize Guatemala Honduras and Mexicowhere its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Araneoidea are a superfamily of araneomorph spiders. They contain families of eight-eyed spiders: Anapidae Araneidae Cyatholipidae Linyphiidae Mysmenidae Nephilidae Nesticidae Pimoidae Sinopimoidae Symphytognathidae Synaphridae Synotaxidae Tetragnathidae Theridiidae Theridiosomatidae↑
 Pseudopallene is a genus of Sea spider.
 Delphaciognathus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Sphecodina is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Callipielus fumosa is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile.
 Bahiria maytenella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Yamanaka in 2004. It is found in Japan (it was described from Okinawa).The wingspan is 9–11 mm.
 Michiganites is a member of the ammonoid order Prolecanitida named by Ruzhencev in 1962 which comes from the Meramacian stage of Mississippian Period (early Carboniferous Visian).The shell of Michiganites is discoidal and smooth as for the family. The ventral lobe of the suture is expanded; three lobes are formed on either side.
 Heterobranchia the heterobranchs (meaning different-gilled snails) is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs which includes marine aquatic and terrestrial gastropod mollusks.Heterobranchia is one of the main clades of gastropods. Currently Heterobranchia comprises three informal groups: the Lower Heterobranchia the Opisthobranchia and the Pulmonata also known as the lower heterobranchs the opisthobranchs and the pulmonates.
 Parahygrobiidae is extinct family of beetles in the suborder Adephaga. Only larvae are known.
 The Bismarck Whistler (Pachycephala citreogaster) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family which is endemic to the Bismarck and Louisiade Archipelagos in Papua New Guinea. It is variably considered a subspecies of a widespread Golden Whistler (P. pectoralis) or treated as a separate species but strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited and further study is warranted to resolve the complex taxonomic situation.
 Gonorthus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Sepia angulata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean from Bloubergstrand (33°48′S 18°27′E) to Still Bay (34°23′S 21°25′E). It is knownonly from cuttlebones. The validity of S. angulata has been questioned.Cuttlebones of this species are up to 75 mm in length.The type specimen was collected near Bloubergstrand South Africa (33°48′S 18°27′E) and is deposited at the South African Museum.
 Namilamadeta is an extinct genus of herbivorous marsupial that was around the size of a dog.
 Proschaliphora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Hyposmocoma somatodes is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kilauea.
 Surenitidae is one of five families of the Gastriocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Carposina mauii is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Chloreuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Turbonilla vesperis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Carnegiella is a genus of freshwater hatchetfishes found in the Amazon and Orinoco basins in South America. This genus contains some popular aquarium fishes.
 Ortalotrypeta idana is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ortalotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Bunocephalus is a genus of banjo catfishes from South America.
 The sharpnose sevengill shark (Heptranchias perlo) is a species of shark in the family Hexanchidae and the only species in the genus Heptranchias. Found almost circumglobally in deep water it is one of the few species of sharks with seven pairs of gill slits as opposed to the usual five. The other shark species with seven gill slits is the broadnose sevengill shark. Though small this shark is an active voracious predator of invertebrates and fishes.
 Coleophora triflua is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 The dunes sagebrush lizard Sceloporus arenicolus (formerly known as the sand dune lizard and the dunes-sagebrush lizard Sceloporus graciosus arenicolus a subspecies of sagebrush lizard) is an insectivorous spiny lizard species which only occurs in the shinnery oak sand dune systems of extreme southeast New Mexico and only four counties in adjacent Texas. Sceloporus arenicolus has the second-smallest range of all lizards in the United States.
 Cymodegma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brown Hawk-Owl (Ninox scutulata) is an owl which is a resident breeder in south Asia from India and Sri Lanka east to western Indonesia and south China.This species is a part of the larger grouping of owls known as typical owls Strigidae which contains most species of owl. The other grouping is the barn owls Tytonidae.Brown Hawk-Owl is a resident breeder in most of tropical south Asia from the Middle East to south China. Its habitat is well-wooded country and forest.
 Bolitoglossa mombachoensis (Spanish: Salamandra De Mombacho) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Nicaragua. This species is known only from Volcán Mombacho Granada Department at 950-1250m above sea level. It might occur on other volcanoes in south-western Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xerocrassa seetzeni is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the harry snails and their allies.
 Gubaria was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Semiothisa.
 The Mangrove Finch (Camarhynchus heliobates) is a species of bird in the Darwin's finch group of the tanager family Thraupidae. It is endemic to the Galápagos Islands. It was found on the islands of Fernandina and Isabela but recent surveys have failed to record the species on Fernandina. It has been classified as critically endangered by BirdLife International with an estimated population of between 60 and 140 located in two large mangroves on Isabela.
 Coleophora serinipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Europe North Africa the Near East the eastern Palearctic ecozone (including Japan) as well as south-western Queensland South Australia and arid areas of Western Australia south of Carnarvon.The wingspan is 14–17 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Atriplex Halimione and Chenopodium species. They make galls in the stems of their host plant.
 Apolinus lividigaster known as the yellow-shouldered ladybird is a small ladybird beetle found in Australia and New Zealand.
 Neotomoxia robusta is a species of beetle in the Neotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1931.
 The Cook's Swift (Apus cooki) is a small bird superficially similar to a House Martin. It is however completely unrelated to those passerine species since swifts are in the order Apodiformes. The resemblances between the groups are due to convergent evolution reflecting similar life styles.These birds have very short legs which they use only for clinging to vertical surfaces. The scientific name comes from the Greek απους apous meaning without feet.
 Schistura doonensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Stigmella pallidiciliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from the Czech Republic and Slovakia to northern Italy.The larvae feed on Salix purpurea. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long corridor along the midrib of the leaf. The frass line is often interrupted and leaves a clear zone at either side. The mine develops into a broad elongate blotch that in narrow leaves may occupy half of the leaf.
 The Olindiidae are a family of jellyfish in the order Limnomedusae. They have a polyp phase and a medusa phase. The polyps are generally small (1 mm) and solitary but a few species are colonial. They have a varying number of tentacles and can reproduce by budding. The medusae can grow to 6 cm (2.4 in). Centripetal canals may be present or absent and the radial canals are unbranched. The gonads are beside the radial canals except in Limnocnida where they are on the manubrium.
 The Siberian sturgeon (Acipenser baerii) is a species of sturgeon in the Acipenseridae family. It is most present in all of the major Siberian river basins that drain northward into the Kara Laptev and East Siberian seas including the Ob Yenisei (which drains Lake Baikal via the Angara River) the Lena and Kolyma rivers. It is also found in Kazakhstan and China in the Irtysh River a major tributary of the Ob. The species epithet was named for the German Russian biologist Karl Ernst von Baer.
 Pnigomantis medioconstricta common name Indonesian Double Shield Mantis or Double Shield Mantis are the only species in the genus Pnigomantis of mantis of the family Mantidae.
 Rhinotyphlops debilis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Africa.
 Clemensia holocerna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The giraffe seahorse (Hippocampus camelopardalis) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family. It is found in Mozambique South Africa and Tanzania.
 The Suffused Acraea (Acraea stenobea) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-west Africa Botswana Zimbabwe Transvaal and the Orange Free State.The wingspan is 48–55 mm for males and 50–56 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warm areas with peaks in September and from March to May.
 Drapetisca socialis is a species of spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae. It is distributed across most of the Palearctic region.Even among the diminutive spiders in this family this is a very small species with a body length (excluding legs) of just 3 mm. It is usually found motionless on its delicate web built on the trunk of a tree where its mottled body and banded legs allied to its tiny size make it very difficult to see (giving it the common name invisible spider).
 Pilsudski (foaled 23 April 1992) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire who was bred in Ireland but trained in the United Kingdom during a racing career which lasted from 1994 to 1997. In a four season career he progressed from winning modest handicap races to become regarded as one of the best racehorses in the world. He won eleven races in five different countries six of them at Group One level. He also finished second in successive runnings of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
 Lagocheirus lugubris is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1957 and is known from south-central Mexico.
 Epicrocis furcilinea is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Cinochira is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Euxesta lacteipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Fusinus pauciliratus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.Subspecies Fusinus pauciliratus complex Snyder 2000 (synonyms: Fusinus complex Snyder 2000 (basionym); Fusus simplex E.A. Smith 1879 (invalid: junior homonym of Fusus simplex Deshayes 1834 and F. simplex Grateloup 1847; Fusinus complex is a replacement name); Granulifusus simplex (E.A.
 Manduca andicola is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Central America to Peru Ecuador Bolivia and Argentina.It is similar to Manduca lefeburii Manduca incisa and Manduca jasminearum in having a relatively uniform forewing upperside with a conspicuous rather diffuse dark band running from about midway along the costa to the outer margin and incorporating the discal spot.
 Lethrinops oculatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the southern part of the lake over sandy substrates. This species grows to a length of 13.5 centimetres (5.3 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Orthogonius fugax is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 The Black-headed Shrike-babbler (Pteruthius rufiventer) is a bird species traditionally placed with the Old World babblers in the family Timaliidae. However it might be one of the few Eurasian vireos (Vireonidae).It is found in India Bhutan Tibet Myanmar Nepal and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Simiskina pediada is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from southern Burma to Indo China Peninsular Malaysia and Singapore.
 Odostomia ovata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Phrynobatrachus villiersi is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Ghana and possibly Liberia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypancistrus inspector is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the upper Negro Casiquiare and upper Orinoco River basins. This species grows to a length of 12.59 centimetres (4.96 in) SL.
 Iniistius trivittatus is a species of wrasse currently only known from the Pacific waters off Hong Kong and Taiwan. This species inhabits reefs from the surface to 10 m (33 ft) deep. It can reach 30 cm (12 in) in total length.It is deep bodied and extremely laterally compressed as in all members of its genus. It is distinctively coloured generally pale yellow with three broad dark vertical bars on its body.
 Caloptilia pyrrhochroma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Acanthina unicornis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Lutilabria is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Grey-winged Trumpeter (Psophia crepitans) is a member of a small family of birds the Psophiidae. It is found in the northern Amazon Rainforest and Guiana Shield in tropical South America. Unlike all other trumpeters the rump and back are grey in the Grey-winged Trumpeter.It has two subspecies separated by the Rio Negro: The nominate from the Guiana Shield and napensis from the north-western Amazon.
 The Northland green gecko Naultinus grayii is a gecko found only in the Northland region of New Zealand north of Whangaroa. Its total length is up to 200 mm snout to vent up to 95 mm.The Northland green gecko is vivid green with grey or gold coloured markings on either side along the dorsal edges. Males have a blue band along the sides just below the limbs. Underneath the surface of both sexes is bright pale green sometimes with a yellow tinge.
 Ixodes pacificus the Western black-legged tick is a species of Ixodes a parasitic tick found on the western coast of North America. It is the principal vector of Lyme Disease in that region.
 The Bicoloured Skipper (Abantis bicolor) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in South Africa it is restricted to lowland forests from the eastern Cape to the southern coast of KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is 36–41 mm for males and 35–45 mm for females. There are two generations per year with a peak in spring from October to November and a stronger peak in autumn from March to June.
 The Bioko forest shrew (Sylvisorex isabellae) also known as Isabella's shrew is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chrysaeglia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Sir Martin (1906–1930) was a Thoroughbred racehorse that was foaled in 1906 in Lexington Kentucky at Hamburg Place the stud farm of noted turfman and horse trainer John E. Madden. Sir Martin was a half brother to the first Triple Crown winner Sir Barton and he raced in the United States Great Britain and France. Sir Martin was the betting favorite for the 1909 Epsom Derby but stumbled and threw his jockey at the Tattenham Corner turn allowing King Edward VII's horse Minoru to win.
 Chicoreus (Triplex) strigatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eupithecia famularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Crambidia dusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California and Ontario.The wingspan is about 27 mm.
 Melaleucantha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ypsolopha sordida is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from southern China.The length of the forewings is 10.8 mm.
 Mallodon downesi is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Tylodinidae is a family of sea snails or false limpets marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Umbraculoidea.
 Phryganopsis atrescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1903. It is found in the eastern Cape of South Africa.
 Protaleuron is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Tasa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Horama rawlinsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by McCabe in 1992. It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
 Melanella aurata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Heraclia gruenbergi is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Kenya Uganda and Congo.
 Eudonia parviangusta is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.
 Calotemognatha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Calotemognatha laevicollis (Saunders 1868) Calotemognatha varicollis (Carter 1913) Calotemognatha yarelli (Gory & Laporte 1838)↑
 Gastromyzon psiloetron is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Amolops medogensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chetone suprema is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 The smoothtooth blacktip shark (Carcharhinus leiodon) is a species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae. It is known only from the type specimen caught from the Gulf of Aden off eastern Yemen and a handful of additional specimens caught from Persian Gulf off Kuwait. Reaching 1.2 m (3.9 ft) in length this species has a stocky greenish-colored body a short snout and black-tipped fins.
 Argynnini is a tribe of butterflies in the subfamily Heliconiinae containing some of the fritillaries. This group has also been classified as subtribe Argynnina of the Heliconiini or even as a distinct subfamily Argynninae in the Nymphalidae. This group has roughly 30 species in North America with other species distributed worldwide.
 Babelomurex spinosus common name the spiny latiaxis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Xylophanes amadis is large moth of the Family Sphingidae. It is found in Surinam and westward through Guyana Venezuela and Bolivia.The wingspan is about 80 mm. The abdomen has no dorsal median line and the subdorsal lines are represented only by small dark green spots on the posterior margins of the tergites. The forewing upperside is deep green.
 The Tasmanian pademelon (Thylogale billardierii) also known as the rufous-bellied pademelon or red-bellied pademelon is the sole endemic species of pademelon marsupials found in Tasmania and formerly throughout south-eastern Australia.
 Fender's blue butterfly (Icaricia icarioides fenderi syn. Plebejus icarioides fenderi) is an endangered subspecies of butterfly endemic to the Willamette Valley of northwestern Oregon United States. The species was first documented in the 1920s and was described to science in 1931 by biologist Ralph Macy. He named it for his friend Kenneth Fender an entomologist and mail carrier. The species was not seen after the 1930s and was presumed extinct. Small populations were rediscovered in 1989.
 Phyllichthys is a genus of soles native to the Pacific and Indian oceans.
 Tentam (1969-1981) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned by Charles W. Engelhard Jr. who raced him under his Cragwood Stables banner Tentam won Grade 1 races and on August 11 1973 set a world record for one and one eight miles on turf in winning the Bernard Baruch Handicap at Saratoga Race Course. [1] He was then sold for $2 million in September to E. P. Taylor whose Windfields Farm owned the supersire Northern Dancer. E. P.
 The Yellow-throated Laughingthrush (Garrulax galbanus) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family. It is found in grassy areas with bushes and trees scrub and forest in north-eastern India south-eastern Bangladesh and western Myanmar. Until recently it included the Blue-crowned Laughingthrush as a subspecies but unlike that species the crown of the Yellow-throated Laughingthrush is pale grey (not bluish).
 Areticulata is a genus of moths of the Nepticulidae family it contains only one species Areticulata leucosideae which is found in South Africa.The larvae feed on Leucosidea sericea. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Geitodoris immunda is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Geriojennsa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Geriojennsa cunegunda which is found in Argentina.
 Chalcoecia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Bay Hornero or Pale-billed Hornero (Furnarius torridus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in wooded habitats along rivers in eastern Ecuador north-eastern Peru western Brazil and as recently confirmed far south-eastern Colombia.
 Typhina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Aphelenchoides ritzemabosi (Black currant nematode Chrysanthemum foliar nematode Chrysanthemum leaf nematode Chrysanthemum nematode Chrysanthemum Foliar eelworm) is a plant pathogenic nematode. It was first scientifically described in 1890 in England. This nematode has a wide host range. Among the most important species affected are Chrysanthemums and strawberries. A. ritzemabosi is a migratory foliar feeding nematode.
 The brown banana frog (Afrixalus dorsalis) also known as the striped spiny reed frog is an anuran in the Hyperoliidae family.
 The Common Bush Brown or Common Savanna Bush Brown (Bicyclus safitza) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in all of Africa south of the Sahara. The wingspan is 40–45 mm for males and 43-48 for females. Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on various grasses including Ehrharta erecta.
 Agonum ferruginosum is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the United States.
 Bosara maior is a moth in the Geometridae family that is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Stoloteuthis leucoptera also known as the Butterfly Bobtail Squid is a widespread species of bobtail squid. Its natural range covers the Atlantic Ocean Mediterranean Sea and southwestern Indian Ocean. It is distributed from the Gulf of St Lawrence to the Straits of Florida in the western Atlantic and in the Bay of Biscay in the eastern Atlantic. In the Mediterranean Sea it is specifically found in the northern and southern Tyrrhenian Sea Ligurian Sea and off Gorgona Island. S.
 Kedestes heathi is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Zambia (from the north-western part of the country to the Copperbelt).
 Succinea approximans is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae the amber snails.
 Tetragonoderus bilunatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Klug in 1833.
 Coenonympha mahometana is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in parts of the Tian-Shan region mainly Kirgizstan Kazakhstan and West China. It can be found in various humid habitats from grassy fields along streams at foothills (1200-1700m) to humid alpine meadows (3500-3700m)
 The Florida crowned snake (Tantilla relicta) is a species of colubrid snake native only to Florida.
 Archaeagnostus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during from the terminal Toyonian to early Amgaian. Species belonging to this genus have been found in Eastern North America Newfoundland the Henson Gletscher Formation in Greenland the Nekekit and Molodo Rivers in Eastern Siberia and in Guizhou China.
 The Australian Pratincole (Stiltia isabella) is a species of bird in the Glareolidae family found in Australia Christmas Island Indonesia Malaysia and Papua New Guinea.It is a medium sized nomadic shorebird which is commonly found in arid inland Australia. It breeds predominantly from south-western Queensland to northern Victoria and through central Australia to the Kimberley region in Western Australia.The Australian population is estimated at 60 000.
 Scaglia's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys scagliai) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. It is endemic to a locality in Tucumán Province northern Argentina. The species is named after Argentine naturalist Galileo Juan Scaglia (1915–1989). Its karyotype has 2n = 36 and FN = 64.
 The ladyfish or tenpounder (Elops saurus) is a species in the genus Elops the only genus in the monotypic family Elopidae.
 Asaphocrita quietis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Bradyrrhoa adrianae is a species of snout moth in the genus Bradyrrhoa. It was described by Asselbergs in 2002 and is known from Spain.
 Tsaraphycis safedella is a species of snout moths in the genus Tsaraphycis. It was described by Amsel in 1970. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Curassows are one of the three major groups of cracid birds. Three of the four genera are restricted to tropical South America; a single species of Crax ranges north to Mexico. They form a distinct clade which is usually classified as the subfamily Cracinae.
 Kionoceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus included in the orthocerid family Kionoceratidae with scattered worldwide distribution from the Middle Ordovician to the Lower Permian. Kionoceratids are orthocerids with prominent longitudinal ornamentation on their shells sometimes augmented by secondary trasverse ornamenttion. Orthocerids are of course prehistoric nautiloides with generally straight and elongate shells mostly with central or subcentral siphuncles.
 Loxophlebia splendens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1872. It is found in French Guiana.
 Problepsis borneamagna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sabah and Borneo. The habitat consists of montane forests.The wingspan is 17-19 mm.
 Eleutherodactylus ixalus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Panamanian Tyrannulet or Yellow-green Tyrannulet (Phylloscartes flavovirens) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Colostygia aptata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. Adults are in wing from July to August.The larva feed on Galium species. Larvae can be found from August to June. It overwinters in the larval stage.
 Lemyra excelsa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1990. It is found in India (Sikkim) and China (Tibet).
 Venusia paradoxa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Ostrea diluviana is a fossil species of oyster.
 Leptaxis furva is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails. This species is endemic to Portugal.
 Entomosterna is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Entomosterna cruentata Chevrolat 1862 Entomosterna ruficollis Chemsak & Hovore in Eya 2010↑
 The Golden-collared Woodpecker (Veniliornis cassini) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pelidnota virescens is a species of beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.
 Ocnogyna bellieri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lederer in 1855. It is found in Turkey.
 Palaeugoa is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. It contains only one species Palaeugoa spurrelli which is found in Ghana and Kenya.
 Stygicola is a genus of fish in the Bythitidae family. It contains the following species: Stygicola dentata
 Automolis pallida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Eritrea Ethiopia Ghana Kenya Rwanda and South Africa.
 The Green-backed Tit (Parus monticolus) is a species of bird in the Paridae family. It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Burma Nepal Pakistan Taiwan and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are boreal forests temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pleurotomella enora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Acontia elaeoa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Queensland.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have blotchy brown forewings each with several pale marks along the costa. The hindwings are brown fading at the base.
 Labeobarbus versluysii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Cameroon in the Wouri Sanaga and Nyong river basins.
 Cenocoelius huggerti is a species of hymenopteran insect belonging to the family Braconidae. It is only known from a single female collected from Bakau in Gambia in 1978. It is the only known member of the subfamily Cenocoeliinae from the Afrotropical ecozone. This generally dark insect has a body length of 4.9 mm. The species is named after the collector of the only specimen the late Lars Huggert.
 Thymopides is a genus of deep-water lobsters comprising the two species Thymopides grobovi and Thymopides laurentae.
 Drosophila simulans is a species of fly closely related to D. melanogaster and which belongs to the same melanogaster species subgroup. Its closest relatives are D. mauritiana and D. sechellia. This species was discovered by the fly geneticist Alfred Sturtevant in 1919 when he noticed that the flies used in Thomas Hunt Morgan's laboratory at the Columbia University were actually two distinct species: D. melanogaster and D. simulans.
 The Blue-and-gold Tanager (Bangsia arcaei) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Planctogystia parvulus is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Madagascar.This is a large heavy moth with a wingspan of 40 to 64 mm. The frontwings are whitish covered with cossid reticulations including a fairly marked median line. On the costa there are 5 black spots. The hindwings are uniformely dark grey.
 Malayepipona is a monotypical Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Macroglossum buruensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Buru in Indonesia.The abdomen upperside is black with no side patches. The underside of the thorax is chalky white extending triangularly to the base of the third segment of the abdomen. The forewing upperside has bands which are not prominent but still distinct. The underside of both wings has a white base. The hindwing upperside is unicolorous.
 Buccinulum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae the whelks.
 Lobodontus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Lobodontus ater Britton 1937 Lobodontus compressus (Murray 1857) Lobodontus conjunctus Barker 1919 Lobodontus metallicus Burgeon 1937 Lobodontus murrayi Britton 1937 Lobodontus taeniatus Basilewsky 1970 Lobodontus trimaculatus Chaudoir 1848 Lobodontus trisignatus Buquet 1835 Lobodontus uninotatus Burgeon 1937↑
 Banisia apicale is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in the Seychelles on Silhouette Island.Their wingspan is 26 millimetres (1.0 in).
 Telechrysis is a genus of gelechioid moths and only genus in the Telechrysidini tribe. The genus itself contains only one species Telechrysis tripuncta which is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula the Benelux Ireland Lithuania Croatia Austria and Greece.The wingspan is 10–14 mm. Adults have three pale evenly-spaced spots on each forewing. They are on wing in May and June.The larvae are thought to feed in dead or rotting wood.
 The black mussel Choromytilus meridionalis is a species of bivalve. It is a marine mollusc in the family Mytilidae.
 Hermaea evelinemarcusae is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hermaeidae.
 The northern Bahamian rock iguana (Cyclura cychlura) is a species of lizard of the genus Cyclura that is found on the Andros and Exuma islands in the Bahamas. Its status on the IUCN Red List is Vulnerable with a wild population of less than 5000 animals.
 The Red-chested Owlet (Glaucidium tephronotum) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Kenya Liberia Rwanda Sierra Leone and Uganda.Very small owlet. Facial disc light grey with whitish markings short white eyebrows. Head and neck dark grey and dusky brown back and wings.
 Abyssotrophon multicostatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Charpentieria dyodon is a species of small very elongate air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium. This species is found in Italy and Switzerland.
 Terebra luandensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Pterocalla costalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Ulidiidae.
 Ptolemaiida is a taxon of wolf-sized afrothere mammals that lived in northern and eastern Africa during the Paleogene. The oldest fossils are from the latest Eocene strata of the Jebel Qatrani Formation near the Fayum oasis in Egypt. A tooth is known from an Oligocene-aged stratum in Angola and Miocene specimens (of Kelba) are known from Kenya and Uganda The origin of the Ptolemaiids is obscure and debated.
 The tevoro clam (Tridacna tevoroa) is a species of bivalve in the Tridacnidae family. It is found in Fiji and Tonga.
 Poecopa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brown Longtail (Urbanus procne) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Argentina north through Central America and Mexico to southern Texas. Rare strays can be found up to southern New Mexico southern Arizona and southern California.The wingspan is 37–48 mm. There are tree generations per year in southern Texas.The larvae feed on various grasses including Cynodon dactylon and Sorghum halepense.
 Inanidrilus renaudae is a species of Annelid worm.
 Hemigrammopetersius is a genus of African tetras that contains two described species.
 Cyclocausta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Pseudogonaxis is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Automeris is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family Hemileucinae subfamily.
 Tactusa tranumi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Vietnam.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewing has a large black triangle the costa is black throughout only interrupted by white marks indicating crosslines. These crosslines are present but indistinct white and narrow. Even the terminal line is white. The fringes are blackish. The hindwing is dark grey with an indistinct discal spot and the underside is unicolorous grey.
 Heterodoxa uapouae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Heterodoxa of the family Ulidiidae.
 Platyptilia vinsoni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Mauritius.
 The round-tailed muskrat (Neofiber alleni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae sometimes called the Florida water rat. It is the only species in the genus Neofiber. It is found only in the southeastern United States. Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Telamoptilia cathedraea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Meghalaya Bihar) Taiwan Japan (Kyūshū the Ryukyu Islands) and Madagascar.The wingspan is 7–8 mm.The larvae feed on Urena lobata and Urena tomentosa. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Grey Monjita (Xolmis cinereus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay Peru Suriname and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and pastureland.
 The Fasciated Antshrike (Cymbilaimus lineatus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Honduras Nicaragua Panama Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Muyelensaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Argentina. It was more slender than other titanosaurs. Fossils have been recovered from the Neuquén province in Patagonia. The type species is M. pecheni.
 The Satanic Nightjar (Eurostopodus diabolicus) also known as Satanic Eared Nightjar Sulawesi Eared Nightjar Diabolical Nightjar or Heinrich's Nightjar is a medium-sized approximately 27 cm long greyish brown spotted nightjar with dark crown barred brown below and small white spot on the third and fourth outer primaries wing feathers.An Indonesian endemic this poorly known species was discovered in 1931 at Minahasa peninsula of North Sulawesi.
 Schmidtea is a freshwater planarian genus widely used in regeneration and developmental studies.Until 1991 Schmidtea was considered a Dugesia subgenus then it was upgraded to the genus rank.
 Ethmia albolinella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in south-western China (Sichuan).
 Athrips amoenella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Finland Sweden France Spain Austria Switzerland Italy Slovakia Hungary Greece Ukraine and Russia as well as on Corsica. Outside of Europe it is found in Turkey Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish-yellow with ochreous brown and dark grey markings. The hindwings are dark grey.
 Mordellistena thurepalmi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1965.
 Megahertz (foaled May 4 1999 in Great Britain) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in France and the United States.Raced at age two Megahertz made eight starts compiling a record of 1-1-2. Her only win came in the Prix Hotel du Golf Barriere at the Deauville-La Touques Racecourse. Owned by trainer Robert Collet after her first two starts Megahertz was sold to a racing partnership and her training was taken over by Nicolas Clement.
 Chtenopteryx sicula also known as the comb-finned squid or toothed-fin squid is a species of squid native to at least the Mediterranean Sea. It is characterised by several distinct morphological features: ocular photophores are present but visceral photophores are absent arm suckers are arranged in at least 4 series distally and club suckers are borne in more than 8 series.The type specimen was collected off Messina Italy.
 Anisothrix grenadensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Anisothrix. It was described by Schaus in 1904 and is known from Grenada from which its species epithet is derived.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The forewings are dark red shaded with violaceous on the inner and outer margin. The outer half of the costal margin is yellow partly irrorated with red. The hindwings are dark brown.
 Sparganothina hermosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is about 30 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is golden yellow suffused with orange rust along the costa and termen. The markings are rust brown. The hindwings are creamish suffused and reticulated brownish orange except for the base.
 Uralokannemeyeria is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Mandarina anijimana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Eunomia rubripunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found on Jamaica and Puerto Rico.
 Septa is a genus of small to large predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ranellidae the tritons. It used to be considered as a subgenus of Cymatium.
 Favartia brazieri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Doloessa hilaropis is a species of snout moths in the genus Doloessa. It was described by Meyrick in 1897 and is known from New Guinea and Queensland in Australia.
 Proeulia apospasta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm. The forewings are ochreous slightly ferruginous ochreous in external portion and strongly ochreous at the wing base. The hindwings are light fuscous with a slightly brassy hue.
 Clettharina is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Tactusa brevis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Yunnan and Guizhou in China.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The forewings are narrow. The head patagia and base of the costa are black and the ground colour of the forewings is brown with a dark brown costal-medial patch and with a dark brown subterminal and terminal area including fringes. The cross-lines are black and the subterminal line is broad and the terminal line is marked by black interveinial dots.
 Acrobasis atelogramma is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Meyrick in 1937. It is found in India.
 Serdis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.One representative is Serdis fractifascia found in the tropical forests of Colombia.
 Xenoplia trivialis is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Parabrotula is a genus of false brotulas.
 Monoctenocera brachiella is a species of snout moths and the type species in the genus Monoctenocera. It was described by Hampson in 1898 and is known from India (including Sikkim and Calcutta).
 Polystira phillipsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pseudbarydia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Reinwardtoena is a small genus of doves. It includes 3 species. Great Cuckoo-Dove Reinwardtoena reinwardtii Pied Cuckoo-Dove Reinwardtoena browni Crested Cuckoo-Dove Reinwardtoena crassirostrisThe name of this genus commemorates the German naturalist Caspar Georg Carl Reinwardt.
 Conus generalis common name the general cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Haemanota gibeauxi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1989. It is found in French Guiana.
 Euchromius gnathosellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found from west to central Africa including Senegal Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria and the Central African Republic. The habitat consists mainly of plantation areas mixed with pockets of secondary forest.The length of the forewings is 14–20 mm. The groundcolour of the forewings is creamy white densely suffused with ochreous to dark brown scales.
 Stauropolia is an extinct genus of moth in the family Arctiidae with one species Stauropolia nekrutenkoi Skalski 1988 from Miocene from Caucasus.
 Syntrichura virens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Brazil (Säo Paulo) Panama and Colombia.
 Hemigrammocapoeta elegans is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae.
 Xiphocolaptes is a genus of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily. It contains the following species: Strong-billed Woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes promeropirhynchus) White-throated Woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes albicollis) Moustached Woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes falcirostris) Great Rufous Woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes major)
 Mordellistena nomurai is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Tokeji in 1953.
 Cerithiopsilla is a genus of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Thiele in 1912.
 Holocraspedon mediopuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Catasigerpes congicus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Catasigerpes in the order Mantodea.
 Clathroterebra guphilae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Neomyopites is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 Senoculidae is a spider family with 31 described species in one genus. They belong to the superfamily Lycosoidea. Bark Hunter is the common name used by researchers.
 Eleutherodactylus sobetes is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Proscelotes is a genus of skinks.
 Mopalia hindsii is a species of medium sized chiton that grows up to 7 cm long. Most commonly found in intertidal zones M. hindsii enjoys protected areas and has a white ventral side unlike most intertidal chitons that are orange underneath.
 The Seychelle Islands Tree Frog or Seychelles Treefrog (Tachycnemis seychellensis) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Seychelles.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and irrigated land.T. seychellensis is the only species in the genus Tachycnemis.
 Macrorrhinia pinta is a species of snout moths in the genus Macrorrhinia. It was described by Landry and Neunzig in 1998 and is known from Pinta Island (from which its species epithet is derived) of the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador.
 Gymnoclytia unicolor is a North American species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnoclytia of the family Tachinidae.
 Cirquella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Atdabanian stage in the former continent Laurentia.
 Nanobagrus nebulosus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Malaysia where it is found in the Endau and Sedili River drainages in the southeastern Malay Peninsula. It grows to a length of 3.5 cm and has a brown body with three rows of cream-colored spots that are found above along and below the lateral line.
 Stenoptilia poculi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia (the Caucasus region) and China.The wingspan is 21-23 mm. The forewings are grey with some sprinkled white scales. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Bothriembryon brazieri is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bothriembryontidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Periophthalmodon is a genus of mudskippers found along muddy shores estuaries and lower reaches of rivers in Southeast Asia Papua New Guinea and Queensland Australia.
 Geckonia chazaliae is a species of Moroccan gecko better known as Helmethead Gecko. It is in the monotypic genus Geckonia. The name derives from the shape of the head caused by some of the scales at the back of it. Its small size and tolerance of captive conditions have made it a more popular terrarium subject.
 The smooth green snake (Opheodrys vernalis) is a nonvenomous North American colubrid. It is also referred to as the grass snake. It is a slender small medium snake that measures 36–51 cm (14–20 in) as an adult. It gets its common name from its smooth dorsal scales as opposed to the rough green snake which has keeled dorsal scales.
 Gymnodanio strigatus is a species of cyprinid fish only found in the Mekong River in Yunnan China. It is the only described member of its genus.
 Agrotis experta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Valparaíso to the Aisén Region in Chile and the Santa Cruz and Mendoza provinces as well as the Bariloche region of Argentina.The wingspan is 36-40 mm. Adults are on wing in March.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Pseudolatirus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eupithecia albifurva is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Prosopalpus is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Asymphorodes mesoxanthus is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Phoenicoprocta jamaicensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1901. It is found on Jamaica.
 Scaphidium quadrimaculatum is a species of shining fungus beetle belonging to the family Staphylinidae subfamily Scaphidiinae.These beetles are present in most of Europe and in the Near East.The adults grow up to 5–6 millimetres (0.20–0.24 in) long and can mostly be encountered from April through August feeding on various species of fungi especially bracket fungi.They are completely shiny black with four irregular red spots on elytra.
 Ethmia thoraea is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found from the north coast of Queensland to coastal New South Wales and inland at Cunnamulla in Queensland and Mount Kaputar in New South Wales.The forewings are grey with black spots.The larvae possibly feed on Cynoglossum australe.
 Eucosma flavispecula is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Tianjin Hebei Shanxi Inner Mongolia Heilongjiang Zhejiang Shaanxi Ningxia) Mongolia Russia Kazakhstan and Europe where it is found in Finland from Germany to Italy and in Hungary Romania and Ukraine.The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to August.The larvae feed on Centaurea jacea.
 Diplolaemus leopardinus commonly known as the leopard iguana or the leopard grumbler is a species of lizard native to the southern tip of South America.
 Miquihuana rhadiniformis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Miquihuana.
 Regalerpeton is an extinct genus of cryptobranchoid salamander known from the Early Cretaceous of Huajiying Formation China. It was first named by Guilin Zhang Yuan Wang Marc E.H. Jones and Susan E. Evans in 2009 and the type species is Regalerpeton weichangensis.
 The Anambra Waxbill (Estrilda poliopareia) is a species of estrildid finch found in wetter land of southern Nigeria. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 38000 km².
 Spathodus is a small genus of cichlids endemis to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.
 Callionymus comptus the Ornamented dragonet is a species of dragonet endemic to the waters around the Hawaiian Islands where it occurs at depths of from 3 to 28 metres (9.8 to 91.9 ft). This species grows to a length of 3 centimetres (1.2 in) SL.
 Selenisa affulgens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Madagascar.This species has a wingspan of 29 mm. The palpae are twice as long as its short head. Legs are short and scaled. The upperside is greyish brown-black except the thorax and triangular shaped stripe of the same width on the forewings. The underside is brownish ashgrey.
 The spiny river snail scientific name Io fluvialis is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This is the only species in the genus Io. This species is endemic to the USA.
 Philodromus micans is a spider species found in Germany and Eastern Europe.
 Iridomyrmex butteli is an Australian ant of the Iridomyrmex genus. It has been considered to be the same species as the Chronoxenus butteli which the species may be excluded from the Iridomyrmex genus. It was described by Forel in 1913.
 Petrophila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The grivet (Chlorocebus aethiops) is an Old World monkey with long white tufts of hair along the sides of the face. Some authorities consider this and all of the members of the genus Chlorocebus to be a single species Cercopithecus aethiops. As here defined the grivet is restricted to Ethiopia Sudan Djibouti and Eritrea. In the southern part of its range it comes into contact with the closely related vervet monkey (C. pygerythrus) and Bale Mountains vervet (C. djamdjamensis).
 Casamba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anthidium clypeodentatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Coleophora artemisicolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees Italy and Bulgaria and from Great Britain to central and southern Russia further east to Japan.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Artemisia vulgaris. The larvae form a case very closely resembling a seedhead and moves from seed to seed leaving diagnostic small holes in the side of each one.
 Thorius spilogaster is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nesolestes pauliani is a species of damselfly in the family Megapodagrionidae. It is endemic to Comoros.
 Anopheles claviger is a mosquito species found in Palearctic ecozone covering Europe North Africa northern Arabian Peninsula and northern Asia. It is responsible for transmitting malaria in some of these regions. The mosquito is made up of a species complex consisting of An. claviger sensu stricto and An. petragnani Del Vecchio. An. petragnani is found only in western Mediterranean region and is reported to bite only animals hence it is not invloved in human malaria.It was on An.
 Coleophora discomaculella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands (Tenerife Fuerteventura) Iran Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.In Turkmenistan larvae have been reared from cases on the seeds of Atriplex ornate.
 Coleoxestia corvina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Japalura andersoniana is an agamid lizard found in eastern India and China.
 Ferdinandea cuprea is a European species of hoverfly notable for its brassy abdomen. The larvae have been found in sap from trunk damage on oak and ash.
 Neodavisia singularis is a species of snout moths in the genus Neodavisia. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913 and is known from Florida (where it was described from the Everglades).The wingspan is about 12 mm.
 The Golden-headed Cisticola (Cisticola exilis) also known as the Bright-headed Cisticola is a species of warbler found from India to Australia.It is very similar in appearance to the Zitting Cisticola — however in the breeding season males acquire a breeding plumage in which their head throat and breast are a bright golden-orange colour and their tails become shorter than in winter-plumage.The species is found in rank vegetation in and around wetlands.It is known as the finest tailor of the birds often using stolen spiders' threads to stitch together its nest.
 Entomocorus gameroi is a species of driftwood catfish native (possibly endemic) to Venezuela and questionably present in Colombia. It is found in the Apure River basin. It grows to a length of 7.0 cm and can be distinguished from its congeners by an oblique band crossing from the dorsal profile of the caudal peduncle to the middle-upper rays of the caudal fin. E.
 Copamyntis ceroprepriella is a species of snout moths in the genus Copamyntis. It is found in Australia.
 †Partula arguta was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.The last Partula arguta died in captivity in 1995.
 Protosyneora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Scopula dux is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 Paysandisia archon is a moth of the family Castniidae. It is native to Uruguay and central Argentina and has been accidentally introduced to Europe where it is spreading rapidly. It is considered the only member of the genus Paysandisia.This is a very large impressive moth with a wingspan of 90–110 mm. The forewings are dark green with brown streaking the hindwings are bright red with bold black and white markings.
 The Mascarene Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone bourbonnensis) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is found in Mauritius and Réunion. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Round scad Decapterus punctatus is a species of fish in the Carangidae. It was described in 1829 by the French zoologist Georges Cuvier. Although the Round scad is considered a good food fish it is mostly caught for use as bait.
 Schrankia kogii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Japan.The length of the forewings is 6–9 mm.
 Lucapina suffusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Eupithecia jorge is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Chile and/or Peru.
 Paralucia is a genus of butterflies belonging to the family Lycaenidae. The caterpillars feed on Bursaria and sometimes Pittosporum species and co-habit with ants of the genera Anonychomyrma and Notoncus.
 Metarctia jordani is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Angola.
 Blastobasis trachelista is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Coleophora hiberica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Xylomoia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Carpostalagma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Argyresthia pallidella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including California.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewings are pale shining yellowish white but the extreme costa in the basal fourth is dark brown. The hindwings are very pale grey or concolorous with the forewings. Adults are on wing in June.Adults were collected amongst fir which might be the host plant.
 The Black-tailed Mosaic-tailed Rat (Melomys rufescens) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 The Ovate Dagger Moth (Acronicta ovata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to North Carolina west to Texas north to Manitoba.The wingspan is 28–35 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September depending on the location. There are two or more generations per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of beech birch chestnut and oak.
 The Friendly Leaf-eared Mouse (Phyllotis amicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in Peru.
 Strabena perroti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Hemignathus is a Hawaiian honeycreeper genus in the finch family Fringillidae. These birds are endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. Many of its species became extinct during the 19th and 20th centuries due to a combination of habitat destruction introduced predators and most importantly mosquito-borne diseases.
 Marginella piperata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mormyrus macrocephalus is a species of fish in the Mormyridae family.
 The Pirmad cat snake (Boiga dightoni) is a species of rear-fanged colubrid found in the Western Ghats. It is named after Pirmedu (also spelled Peermade) a place in Kerala India elevation 3300 feet (1006 m). The specific name or epithet dightoni is in honor of S. Dighton Esq. the collector of the holotype specimen.
 Gesonia obeditalis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from eastern Africa the Seychelles the Maldives and the Oriental tropics east to the Philippines the Sula Islands and Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The wings are brown with a scalloped dark brown submarginal band. The hindwings have a similar pattern but are somewhat paler.The larvae feed on Gramineae species as well as Stylosanthes species.
 Epiparbattia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Veracruz shrew (Sorex veraecrucis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found in Mexico.
 Alucita magadis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in India (Assam).
 Junodia spinosa is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.
 Aetheibidion hirtellum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Aetheibidion.
 The Korean snake eel (Pisodonophis sangjuensis) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Hwan-Sung Ji and Jin-Koo Kim in 2011. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Korea in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 5 to 110 metres (16 to 361 ft) and uses its hard pointed tail to form burrows in sand and mud sediments.
 The Miranda Underwing (Catocala miranda) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Illinois Pennsylvania and Massachusetts to Florida and west to western North Carolina.The wingspan is 37–45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Crataegus.
 The Cavorting Emperor (Usta terpsichore) is a species of moths in the Saturniidae family. It is found in Angola Burkina Faso Eritrea Ethiopia Malawi Mozambique South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Commiphora caryaefolia Sclerocarya caffra Melia azedarach and Schinus molle. Fully grown larvae are about 80 mm long.The larvae are used as food by locals. They are rich in iron copper zinc thiamine and riboflavin.
 Calliotropis hataii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Hypaedalea is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Dekeyseria amazonica is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Solimões and Amazon basins. This species grows to a length of 17.8 centimetres (7.0 in) SL.
 Abraeus is a genus of hister beetles.
 Colinus is a genus of birds in the New World quail family Odontophoridae. Members of the genus are commonly known as bobwhites.
 Asiadodis yunnanensis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Asiadodis in the order Mantodea.
 Pipefishes or pipe-fishes (Syngnathinae) are a subfamily of small fishes which together with the seahorses form the family Syngnathidae.
 Stenoptilia tenuis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is 18-23 mm. Adults are on wing from February to May.
 Fukangichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Rhaetian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
 Elachista nubila is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Arizona.The length of the forewings is 4–4.9 millimetres (0.16–0.19 in). The forewings are broad grey and densely dusted with light brown scales especially along the costa and in the distal half of the wing. The hindwings and underside of the wings are grey. Females are larger and have paler forewings varying from dirty yellowish white to light greyish brown.
 Leucozonia ponderosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Nyctiprogne is a genus of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It contains the following species: Band-tailed Nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga) Plain-tailed Nighthawk (Nyctiprogne vielliardi)
 Eusemius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.
 The common noctule (Nyctalus noctula) is a species of bat common throughout Europe Asia and North Africa. The UK distribution can be found on the National Biodiversity Network website here.With a length of 8 cm and a wingspan of 35 cm the common noctule bat is one of the largest in western and central Europe. When hunting it often starts flying in early dusk earlier than most European bats.
 Eurata strigiventris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Guérin-Meneville in 1830. It is found in Brazil and Argentina.
 Colostethus insperatus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ero aphana is a species of pirate spider in the Mimetidae family. It is a hunting spider and feeds on other spiders.
 Cephalostichus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cephalostichus laticeps (Straneo 1953) Cephalostichus putzeysi (Chaudoir 1876)↑
 Astrotischeria explosa is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Braun in 1923. It is found in North America including California.
 Epinotia festivana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of southern Europe and the Near East.The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus and Corylus species. Feeding results in a gall-like swelling. Pupation takes place after hibernation on the leaves of the foodplant.
 Polysoma clarki is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Bryotropha svenssoni is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in central China and eastern Asia including Japan.The wingspan is 12–13 mm.
 Melieria nigritarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 Strepsodus is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period. Fossils have been found in North America and Australia.
 Oenomaus moseri is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It occurs in lowland and lower montane forest in southern Brazil.The length of the forewings is 16.1 mm for males and 15.7 mm for females.
 Pseudoleucania onerosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Maule and Biobío Regions of Chile and San Martín de los Andes Neuquén Junín de los Andes and Correntoso in Argentina.The wingspan is 33-40 mm. Adults are on wing from August to March.The larvae feed on Acanthaceae Ericaceae and Araliaceae species.
 Calymmaderus nitidus is a species of beetles in the genus Calymmaderus of the family Anobiidae.
 Macrobrachium agwi is a species of freshwater shrimp that was first described in 2008 it is endemic to the Himalaya. It was discovered when a shipment of ornamental prawns destined for the aquarium trade was shipped from Cooch Behar East Bengal India to Europe. Examination of the shipment showed that one type of shrimp was a new undescribed species.
 Limicolaria aurora is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.
 Clathrina procumbens is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Australia.
 The Paramushir shrew (Sorex leucogaster) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Russia. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Linden Looper (Erannis tiliaria) also known under the rather ambiguous name winter moth is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from central Alberta east to Nova Scotia south to Missouri Georgia Utah and Texas.Erannis vancouverensis was considered to be a subspecies of tiliaria for some time but appears to be a separate species.The wingspan is 32–42 mm for males. Females are wingless.
 Clavus inclinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Agonopterix crassiventrella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Croatia.The wingspan is about 23.5 mm.
 The bumblebeewolf (Philanthus bicinctus) is a species of bee-hunting wasp (or beewolf) of North America.
 Pilodeudorix ula the Cobalt Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (west and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and western Uganda. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Hypopteridia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Spirometra is a genus of Pseudophyllid cestode that reproduces in canines and felines but which can cause pathology in humans. As an adult this tapeworm lives in the small intestine of its definitive host and produces eggs that pass with the animal's feces. The eggs hatch into coracidia which are eaten by copepods which become infected themselves. In the copepod the worm forms a procercoid which is infective to vertebrates that ingest them.
 Sagda alveare is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
 Epicrocis plumbifasciata is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Sibon noalamina is a species of snail-eating snake discovered in 2012 from western Panama. It belongs to the genus Sibon. It has a striking defensive mechanism from predators by mimicking the light and dark stripes of venomous coral snakes.The species was listed among the Top 10 New Species 2013 discovered in 2012 as selected by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University out of more than 140 nominated species.
 Coleophora aleramica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in central and south-eastern Europe Asia Minor and the Near East.The length of the forewings is about 5 mm for males and 4.5 mm for females. Adults have been recorded on flowering Trifolium species.
 Neodhysores is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Neodhysores schreiberi (Vulcano & Pereira 1975) Neodhysores seximpressus R.T. & J.R. Bell 1978↑
 Contradusta pulchella common name the pretty cowry or beautiful (little) cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The hardhead Mylopharodon conocephalus is a cyprinid fish native to California it is the sole member of its genus. Hardhead are found in both small to large streams in low to mid-elevations. Hardhead may also inhabit reservoirs and lakes. Hardhead are omnivores at all ages although the juvenile and adult fish have a different diet and tooth structures. These fish will eat aquatic plants benthic invertebrates algae and insects. As adults hardheads may live up to 9 or 10 years.
 Sarangesa dasahara commonly known as the Common Small Flat is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 The Fea's Muntjac or Tenasserim muntjac (Muntiacus feae) is a rare species of muntjac native to People's Republic of China Lao People's Democratic Republic Myanmar Thailand and Viet Nam.
 Setia turriculata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Sasakia is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Apaturinae of the family Nymphalidae.
 Hypercompe atra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Resplendent Shield Bearer (Coptodisca splendoriferella) is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Clemens in 1860. It is found in North America including California Ohio and South Carolina.
 Coleophora coracipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is known from Europe where it is found from Germany to Sicily and from Great Britain to Romania. It has also been recorded from Estonia and southern Russia.The wingspan is 85-115 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Prunus spinosa Prunus padus Prunus cerasus and other Prunus species as well as on apples and Crataegus. The final case is a tubular leaf case of about 6–7 mm.
 Aperiovula adriatica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Bombus terrestris the buff-tailed bumblebee or large earth bumblebee is one of the most numerous bumblebee species in Europe. The queen is 2–2.7 cm long while the workers are 1½–2 cm. The latter are characterized by their white-ended abdomens and look (apart from their yellowish bands being darker in direct comparison) just like those of the white-tailed bumblebee B. lucorum a close relative. The queens of B.
 Cernuella aginnica is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.
 Glaucocharis euchromiella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Crete and in Syria Armenia and the Taurus and Antitaurus Mountains.
 Leidyula floridana common name the Florida leatherleaf is a species of tropical air-breathing land slugs shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Veronicellidae.
 The Spanish mole (Talpa occidentalis) is a species of mammal in the Talpidae family. It is found in Portugal and Spain.
 Alloclemensia minima is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It was described by Kozlov in 1987. It is found in Russia.
 The unicorn crestfish or unicornfish Eumecichthys fiski is a very rare little-known species of crestfish in the family Lophotidae and the only member of its genus. It likely has a worldwide distribution having been first discovered offshore of Kalk Bay South Africa and subsequently reported from the Sea of Japan southwest Florida Clarion Island off Mexico Hawaii and India. A report from the Bering Sea may have been in error.
 The Texas blind salamander (Eurycea rathbuni) is a rare cave-dwelling troglobite amphibian native to San Marcos Hays County Texas specifically the San Marcos Pool of the Edwards Aquifer. The salamander has blood-red external gills for absorbing oxygen from the water. The salamander's mature length is 13 cm (5 in). Its diet varies by what flows into its cave including blind shrimp (Palaemonetes antrorum) snails and amphipods.[1].
 Apthoroblattina is an extinct genus of primitive cockroach from the Carboniferous Period. Fossils of the genus have been found in England Wales the United States and Russia. The paratype specimen for the species A. johnsoni is recorded to have a total length of 43mm and a width of 38mm while the type specimens of A.sulcata is noted to have been up to 45mm in length and 25 mm in width if complete.
 Picnochile fallaciosa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Picnochile.
 Isopoda is the name of an order of peracarid crustaceans. Different species of isopods live in marine or fresh water or on land and include familiar animals such as the sea slater and woodlouse. They are mostly small dull-coloured animals with rigid segmented exoskeletons and fourteen jointed limbs. They are mostly scavengers but some are predators and others ectoparasites mostly of fish. The females brood their young in a pouch under their thorax.
 Glyptoxanthus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: It was originally erected by Alphonse Milne-Edwards in 1879 for six species previously placed in the genus Actaea and elsewhere. Although previously included in subfamily Euxanthinae the genus has a quite distinct morphology from other genera in that group and was placed in 2011 in the new monotypic subfamily Glyptoxanthinae by Jose Christopher Mendoza and Danièle Guinot.
 The altamaha arcmussel scientific name Alasmidonta arcula is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve in the family Unionidae.It is an endangered species.
 Olivancillaria deshayesiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Yellow-eared Woodpecker (Veniliornis maculifrons) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is endemic to humid Atlantic forest in eastern Brazil. Its common name refers to the yellow nape of both sexes - a feature not shared by any other Veniliornis in its range.
 Acanthurus bariene is a tropical fish also commonly known as the Bariene surgeonfish Black-spot surgeonfish or Eye-spot surgeonfish. It was first named by René Primevère Lesson in 1831.
 The Long-billed Dowitcher (Limnodromus scolopaceus) is a medium-sized shorebird.Adults have yellowish legs and a long straight dark bill. The body is dark brown on top and reddish underneath with spotted throat and breast bars on flanks. The tail has a black and white barred pattern. The winter plumage of both an adult and a juvenile is largely grey.Their breeding habitat is wet tundra in the far north of North America and eastern Siberia.
 Scimitarbills (also spelt Scimitar-bills) are three species of African bird belonging to the genus Rhinopomastus. They are often classified in the woodhoopoe family Phoeniculidae; however genetic studies show that they diverged from the true woodhoopoes about 10 million years ago and so they are sometimes placed in a family of their own the Rhinopomastidae.They are smaller than most woodhoopoes and their bills are strongly curved like a scimitar giving them their name.
 Somoholitidae is one of six families of the Somoholitaceae superfamilia. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 The Panay cloudrunner (Crateromys heaneyi) is the second-largest cloud rat a squirrel-like rodent that is found on the island of Panay in the Philippines.
 Eupithecia albimontanata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Arizona California Colorado and Utah.The wingspan is about 19 mm.
 Alandria is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Alandria coeruleipuncta which is found in Bolivia.
 Sclerophantis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Heliura postcoeruleum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Venezuela.
 The Duckwater pyrg scientific name Pyrgulopsis aloba is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.This species is endemic to the United States. It is threatened by habitat loss. The common name of this species refers to Duckwater Nevada.
 Chrysolopus spectabilis (Common names include Botany Bay diamond weevil Botany Bay diamond beetle and sapphire weevil) is a species of weevil found in south-eastern Australia. It is up to 25 mm (1.0 in) long with metallic green patterns on a black background. It is a specialist only known from 28 species of Acacia. It was discovered during James Cook's first voyage and became the first insect to be described from Australia.
 Uncobotyodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Mopsitta is an extinct genus of bird from the Early Eocene of Denmark; its remains were recovered from the Fur Formation. Only one species is known Mopsitta tanta and all that was found of it to date (but see below) is a single humerus bone of rather large size.
 The Pileated Flycatcher (Xenotriccus mexicanus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family; it is endemic to western Mexico. It is a small bird with gray feathers white chest yellow beak and a pointed gray-feathered tip on the top if its head. The flycatcher’s natural habitat is subtropical forest but during the summer it is found in tropical high-altitude scrubland. Their diet consists mainly of insects.
 Eugoa tineoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.Adults have medium to dark brown forewings.
 Speiredonia obscura is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka Burma Taiwan the Andamans Thailand Cambodja Vietnam the Philippines Palawan from Sundaland eastwards to Australia the Bismarck Archipelago Solomon Islands Loyalty Islands New Caledonia Marianas western Carolines.
 Buccinum leucostoma common name the yellow-mouth Buccinum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Asura reversa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Admiralty Island and the Dampier Archipelago.
 Inape is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Laevityphis tubuliger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Trombidium rimosum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae. It is found in Europe.
 Curinus is a genus of beetle of the Coccinellidae family.
 The Branded Yamfly (Yasoda tripunctata) is a species of blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Anadelosemia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Dyar in 1919.
 Xanthooestrus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Sparganothina beckeri is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo).
 The Feathered Footman (Spiris striata) is a moth of the family Arctiidae.
 Paracoryza is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Paracoryza canaliculata Balkenohl 2000 Paracoryza insulana Basilewsky 1973 Paracoryza mahnerti Balkenohl 2000↑
 Hastula philippiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Correndera Pipit (Anthus correndera) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia southern Brazil Chile the Falkland Islands Paraguay Peru and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and pastureland.
 Lophocampa mixta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumoegen in 1882. It is found in Arizona Texas and probably also New Mexico.The wingspan is about 37 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus emoryi.
 Acalyptris fagarivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Vári in 1955. It is known from South Africa (It was described from Pretoria).
 Gracixalus quyeti is a species of Shrub frog from Vietnam.
 Rhodophthitus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ashorocetus is a monotypic genus of an extinct primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae. It was named by Barnes et al. 1995 and contains one species A. eguchii. Fossils of this whale are found from the Chattian Morawan formation near Ashoro of upper Oligocene (28.4 to 23.03 million years ago) Hokkaido Japan (43.3°N 143.8°E﻿ / 43.3; 143.8 paleocoordinates 44.6°N 141.4°E﻿ / 44.6; 141.4).
 Areas imperialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kollar in 1844. It is found in Tibet the north-western Himalayas Sikkim and Nepal.
 Davara is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Puerto Rico.
 Phrynopus simonsii is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Sailfin weever Trachinus collignoni is a fish of the Trachinidae family Perciformes order and Actinopterygii class. Widespread in the Eastern Atlantic along the tropical coast of west Africa Gabon and Congo probably further north and south. Marine tropical fish up to 15 cm length.
 The Azuero spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi azuerensis) is a possible subspecies of spider monkey that is in critical danger of extinction according to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Common names of this subspecies include mono charro mono charao and mono araña.
 Physeteroidea is a superfamily including just three living species of whale; the sperm whale in the genus Physeter and the pygmy sperm whale and dwarf sperm whale in the genus Kogia.
 Teinostoma is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Tornidae.This genus used to be placed within the family Skeneidae.
 Argyresthia annettella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Ohio Ontario and Quebec.The wingspan is about 9 mm. The forewings are silvery white with a pale golden crookedfascia from the base of the costa to the basal third of the dorsal edge. There is a broad golden fascia on the middle of the wing. There is also an irregular inwardly curved golden fascia slightly furcate at the costal edge and at the apical third.
 Oreonectes furcocaudalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.
 Langatia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Rhizotrogus granatensis is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Endoclita minanus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Fujian China.
 The Azumi shrew (Sorex hosonoi) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Japan. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Apterichtus is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae.
 Ectoedemia obrutella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Texas.
 Sinocoelacanthus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Atelopus franciscus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family endemic to French Guiana. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Golden-collared Manakin (Manacus vitellinus) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Acrocercops cordiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cuba.The larvae feed on Cordia alba. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Xerocrassa ferreri is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Mordella octoguttata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1855.
 Woodford's Rail (Nesoclopeus woodfordi) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.
 Euchrysops unigemmata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Malawi Zambia and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of montane areas.
 The Japanese sawshark (Pristiophorus japonicus) is a species of sawshark in the family Pristiophoridae. This shark has a long narrow rostrum. Its first dorsal fin originates behind the tips of the pectoral fins and its caudal fin is angled almost straight in line with the body. The japanese sawshark reaches an maximum length of up to 1.36 m (4 ft 6 in).
 Atteva rawlinsi is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is endemic to the Dominican Republic.It is similar Atteva gemmata but is considerably larger with the blackish areas occupied by numerous small white dots not forming vertical lines.
 Calliostoma conulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae. This is the type species of the genus.The variety Calliostoma conulus var. livida Dautzenberg 1927 is a synonym of Calliostoma lividum Dautzenberg 1927
 Junix is a genus of dragonfly in family Protoneuridae. It contains the following species: Junix elumbis
 Cribrarula gravida is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Fukuia integra also known as Blanfordia integra is a species of land snail which has an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.
 Orthotylus junipericola is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found on Azores and in countries like Bulgaria France Greece Spain and Dodecanese Islands.
 Guentherus is a genus of jellynose fishes.
 The southeastern shrew (Sorex longirostris) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in the southeastern United States.
 Stoschiosaurus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.
 Quasieulia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Creobroter urbanus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Creobroter in the order Mantodea.
 The fuzzy pigtoe scientific name Pleurobema strodeanum is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pebobs elara is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Cuba and Jamaica.Adults have been recorded in March and July probably bivoltine.
 Pseudogaurotina abdominalis is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in USA and the Canada.
 Scopula beckeraria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Italy Croatia the Republic of Macedonia Greece Bulgaria Romania Ukraine Russia Turkey Armenia Israel Lebanon Iran Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.
 Lamoria clathrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is known from Madagascar La Réunion and Mauritius.The larvae feed on Eugenia jambolana.
 Maltana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chetone studyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 Turbonilla almejasensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Tectocoris diophthalmus commonly known as the Hibiscus Harlequin Bug or Cotton Harlequin Bug is a brightly coloured convex and rounded shield-shaped bug with a metallic sheen that grows to about 20 mm. Adult females are mostly orange and males are both blue and red or orange. The colours are quite variable.
 Bufo fenoulheti is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Botswana Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Angola.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.
 The Hydropsychidae are a family-level taxon consisting of net-spinning caddisflies. Hydropsychids are common among much of the world's streams and a few species occupy the shorelines of freshwater lakes. Larvae of the hydropsychids construct nets at the open ends of their dwellings which are responsible for their net-spinning caddisfly common name.
 Glyphipterix astrapaea is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1880. It is found in New Zealand.
 Ematheudes varicella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ematheudes. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Armenia and Turkistan.
 Anisoneura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) or Canadian lynx is a North American mammal of the cat family Felidae. It is a close relative of the Eurasian Lynx (Lynx lynx). However in some characteristics the Canada lynx is more like the bobcat (Lynx rufus) than the Eurasian Lynx.
 Atopomorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Tissue (Triphosa dubitata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from North-west Africa across Europe to Asia and JapanThe wingspan is 38–48 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Prunus padus Rhamnus species (including Rhamnus frangula and Rhamnus cathartica) and Fraxinus excelsior.
 Conus kuiperi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Rhabdorrhynchus is a genus of weevil found in Central Europe. It includes five known species.
 The Wailing Cisticola (Cisticola lais) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It is found in Angola Kenya Lesotho Malawi Mozambique South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.The northern subspecies C. l. distinctus of Uganda Kenya and northern Tanzania is sometimes regarded as a separate species Lynes's Cisticola.
 The Tabasco mud turtle (Kinosternon acutum) is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.It is found in Belize Guatemala and Mexico.
 Pelagocephalus marki the Rippled blaasop is a species of pufferfish known from the coasts of South Africa and New Zealand. This species grows to a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Palaephatus leucacrotus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It is found in the wetter areas of the Valdivian forest region of south-central Chile.The length of the forewings is 6-7 mm for males and 6.5-7 mm for females. Adults have dark fuscous forewings irregularly mottled with light brown and white. There is a large white spot on the termen. They are on wing from October to December in one generation per year.
 Mitrella suduirauti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Xystochroma chloropus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1879.
 Bembecia sanguinolenta is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from Bulgaria and Greece to Asia Minor Armenia Syria and Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on the roots of Astragalus species including Astragalus dipsaceus and Astragalus pinetorum.
 Pachnoda interrupta is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae. This species can reach a body length of about 11–17 millimetres (0.43–0.67 in). It can be found in Senegal.
 Antheraea godmani is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from Mexico to Colombia.
 Pustulatirus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The genus Eutimesius has four species described is diagnosed by the cephalotorax with one enlarged eminence ; dorsal scute with white spots; area III with two spines; and the penis with distal U-shaped cleft ventral plate narrow and long at base; stylus with dorsal process and the basal half of the glans membranous (Pinto-da-Rocha 1997)
 Auriculoceryx kannegieteri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found on Nias.
 Alucita photaula is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Andicola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Jordanita minutissima is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in the Saharan Atlas and the Aurès Mountains.The length of the forewings is 6.5-7 mm for males and females. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae probably feed on Carthamus or Echinops species.
 The genus Panaque contains a small number of small to medium sized South American suckermouth armoured catfishes that are notable for being among the very few vertebrates that feed extensively on wood. In addition algae and aufwuchs are an important part of the diet and they use their rasping teeth to scrape this from rocks. These fish are also popular aquarium fish where the sound of scraping as these fish forage for food is easily audible.
 Manzonia darwini is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The goldstripe sardinella Sardinella gibbosa is a species of fish of the family Clupeidae. It is native to shallow tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific living at depths down to 70 m and being associated with coral reefs. It grows up to 17 cm in length and forms large schools.It is an important commercial fish and is eaten dried salted boiled or made into fish balls.
 The Teardrop White-eye (Rukia ruki) also known as the Faichuk White-eye Truk White-eye or Great Truk White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. Some advocate that it is the only true member of the genus Rukia or the Great White-eyes.
 Chrysallida angulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the large Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Nebria rubripes olivieri is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France and Spain.
 Nelson's spiny pocket mouse (Heteromys nelsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chrysochares is a genus of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family Eumolpinae
 Anthrenus pimpinellae is a species of beetle found natively in Europe northern Africa Asia and portions of the Oriental region; it has also been introduced to parts of North America.
 Cataprosopus melli is a species of snout moth in the genus Catamola. It was described by Caradja and Meyrick in 1933 and is known from China.
 Elachista atrisquamosa is a moth of the Elachistidae family which can be found in Italy Austria Greece and Turkey.
 The Stygian Ringlet (Erebia styx) is a butterfly belonging to the subfamily Satyrinae the browns within the family Nymphalidae. It is found locally in the Alps on dry limestone slopes. It is very similar to the Styrian Ringlet (E. stirius) and has sometimes been included in that species.
 Thelyoxynops is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Valcouroceratidae is an oncocerid family from the middle and upper Ordovician mainly of North America consisting of genera characterized by exogastricly curved cyrtoconic and breviconic shells that change ontogeneticially from compressed to depressed or subtriangular and in which the siphuncle in ventral and actinosiphonate.
 Dindica discordia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Luzon Palawan and Sumatra.
 Tegenaria rilaensis is a funnel-web spider found in Bulgaria.
 Carposina conobathra is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1928. It is found in South Africa.
 Not to be confused with Tantalum.Tantulum elegans is a species of freshwater slug an aquatic shell-less gastropod mollusk within the clade Acochlidiacea.This species has no shell. The maximum recorded length is 2 mm.Tantulum elegans is the only species in the genus Tantulum and that is in turn the only genus in the family Tantulidae.
 Stelgistrum is a genus of sculpins native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 The Yellow-legged Tinamou (Crypturellus noctivagus) is a species of tinamou found in wooded and shrubby habitats in tropical and subtropical eastern Brazil. This superficially quail-like bird has a grey-brown plumage and two easily separated subspecies. It has declined due to human activities and is therefore listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN.
 Cosmopterix facunda is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Texas.Adults were collected in March.
 Anthela habroptila is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Ripolia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Zobida bipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Morocco and the southern part of the Iberian Peninsula.
 Eleutherodactylus rivularis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Thianella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only species T. disjuncta occurs only on Java.The male of the species was assumed to be close to Thiania by Roewer (1954) but his placements of salticids is often questionable. No drawings exist.
 Mushka is owned by Brushwood Stable and was bred by Diane Snowden. She is currently trained by William I. Mott and is most recognized for winning the Grade one Spinster Stakes in 2009.
 Eilema sabulosula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found in Madagascar.
 Euchromia horsfieldi is a species of moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java Sumatra Borneo the Lesser Sunda Islands and Christmas Island.The wingspan is 42-44 mm. The abdomen has two pale yellow rings with two blue ones between and distal to them. The basal transparent area of the hindwing is partly white.The larvae feed on Dioscorea species. They are a dull reddish and have a black head.
 Leiolopisma mauritiana also known as Didosaurus maurtianus was a large (the largest known) species of skink (family Scincidae). It was found only in Mauritius but became extinct around 1600 probably due to introduced predators. It may have been somewhat fossorial in nature. This is speculative and based on a reconstruction. The Mauritian Giant Skink became extinct by 1650. Only a semi - complete specimen is known in addition to some odd bones.
 Endotricha shafferi is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in China (Guangxi).The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are blackish brown in males and black in females. The hindwings are black.
 Vellodius etisoides is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae. It was originally described as Pilodius etisoides but was transferred to the monotypic genus Vellodius in 1998. It is found around Amami Ōshima in the Ryūkyū Islands and the Paracel Islands in the South China Sea.
 Nudiantennarius subteres the Deep-water Frogfish is a species of frogfish found in the Pacific Ocean around the Philippines and Indonesia. They occur at depths of 64 to 90 metres (210 to 295 ft). This species grows to a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Rhagoletis basiola is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Glenesteroceras which is of questionable validity[citation needed] is based on a single specimen from the Lower Ordovician of New York state described by Rousseau Flower 1957. Glenestoceras is described as being a weakly annulate orthocone with a circular cross section and large central siphuncle with slightly divergent necks thick connecting rings and expanded segments. Description is based on an incomplete immature phragmocone with a 5mm cross section.
 Platystega is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.
 Pherbellia is a genus of flies in the family Sciomyzidae the marsh flies or snail-killing flies. They occur throughout the world except for the Subantarctic region.Like many Sciomyzidae species of this genus have larvae that are predators or parasitoids of snails. The larva of P. albovaria for example eats land snails such as Anguispira alternata and A. fergusoni and then pupates in the empty shell. The P.
 Colostethus mcdiarmidi is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Micropardalis is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the insect order Lepidoptera within the family Micropterigidae. The genus was previously treated as a subgenus of Sabatinca.
 Exerodonta is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family. This genus was resurrected in 2005 following a major revision of the Hylidae family [1]. Eleven species previously placed in the Hyla genus were moved to this genus. They are endemic to south-central Mexico.
 Zuninaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Dipturus is a large genus of skates native to the Pacific Atlantic and Indian oceans.
 The Polynesian Triller (Lalage maculosa) is a passerine bird belonging to the triller genus Lalage in the cuckoo-shrike family Campephagidae. It has numerous subspecies distributed across the islands of the south-west Pacific.It is 15 to 16 cm long. The plumage varies geographically; some populations are contrastingly black and white while others have more grey or brown coloration.It is a noisy bird with a nasal rasping call.
 The banded killifish (Fundulus diaphanus) is a North American species of temperate freshwater killifish belonging to the Fundulus genus of the Fundulidae family. The natural geographic range extends from Newfoundland to South Carolina and west to Minnesota. It occupies the Great Lakes drainages. The banded killifish is the only freshwater killifish found in the Northeastern United States but can occasionally be found in brackish water.
 Siccia decolorata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Minahassa pipistrelle (Pipistrellus minahassae) is a species of vesper bat.It can be found in Indonesia.
 Orosius is a genus of leafhopper in the tribe Opsiini and the subfamily Deltocephalinae. The genus was revised by Ghauri in 1966. Species can be differentiated by the shape of the aedeagus.
 Tachina chaetaria is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to South America.
 The genus Lonomia is a moderate-sized group of fairly cryptic saturniid moths from South America famous not for the adults but for their highly venomous caterpillars which are responsible for a few deaths each year (e.g. [1]) especially in southern Brazil and the subject of hundreds of published medical studies. They are commonly known as Giant Silkworm Moth a name also used for a wide range of other Saturniid moths.
 Candalides lamia is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Grose-Smith in 1897. It is found on Fergusson Island and Goodenough Island.
 Ichnotropis is a genus of the family Lacertidae. They are commonly called rough-scaled lizards.
 Blastobasis semilutea is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1916. It is found in southern India.
 Aades is a genus of beetle from the Curculionidae family.There are currently 4 species within this genus: Aades bicristatus (Schoenherr 1823) Aades bifoveifrons (Lea 1916); an infrasubspecies of Aades bifoveifrons is Aades foveipennis bifoveifrons or Aades foveipennis var.
 Deroceras vascoana is a species of air-breathing land slug in the family Agriolimacidae. It is native to France and Spain.This slug is pale brown in color. Collected specimens are 2.2 to 3.2 centimeters long. D. vascoana is easily recognizable anatomically by the shape and colouration of its penis a main diagnostic character. The relatively small and bulbous penis is purple-brown in color at the apex and the branching penial appendage is white.
 Asaphoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Hyalaethea malaitaensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Obraztsov in 1953. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Macaduma biangulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Lygephila subpicata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in northern and western Iran.Adults differ from the sister species Lygephila pallida in the length and shape of the ampulla and in vesica and aedeagus structure.
 The rainbow sardine (Dussumieria acuta) is a bony fish important to aquaculture and commercial fisheries.
 Callinectes is a genus of crabs containing 16 species including the Atlantic blue crab C. sapidus:
 Typhleotris is a genus of troglobitic sleeper gobies endemic to caves in Madagascar.
 Starksia culebrae is a species of labrisomid blenny native the waters around the Caribbean islands of the Antilles.
 Caryocolum blandulella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Great Britain The Netherlands Spain France Germany Denmark Finland Sweden Switzerland Italy Croatia Hungary Greece and Ukraine as well as Corsica. The habitat consists of coastal sand-dunes.The length of the forewings is 4–5 mm for males and 4-5.5 mm for females. The forewings are whitish frequently mottled with greyish brown.
 Marginella mosaica commonly known as the mosaic marginella is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae.
 Mahavisaurus is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the early Triassic period (Induan stage) of Iraro Madagascar. It is known from the holotype MNHN MAE 3037 a nearly complete skull recovered from the Middle Sakamena Formation. This genus was named by J. P. Lehman in 1966 and the type species is Mahavisaurus dentatus.
 Agathotoma klasmidia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Paracles severa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Coccosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms from the Early to Late Devonian. Fossils appear in various strata in Europe North America and China.
 Ophioglossaceae the adder's-tongue family is a family of ferns currently thought to be most closely related to Psilotaceae the two together comprising the class Psilotopsida as the sibling group to the rest of the ferns. The Ophioglossaceae is one of two groups of ferns traditionally known as eusporangiate ferns.
 Turbonilla farinatiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ovenna guineacola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Equatorial Guinea Ghana Guinea Kenya Nigeria and Uganda.
 Linsleyonides is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Linsleyonides albomaculatus (Champlain & Knull 1922) Linsleyonides chemsaki Skiles 1985 Linsleyonides portoricensis (Fisher 1932)↑
 Gryllotalpa is a genus of insects in the family Gryllotalpidae. It contains the following species: Gryllotalpa africana (Africa and Asia) Gryllotalpa brachyptera (Australia) Gryllotalpa cultriger (Mexico) Gryllotalpa formosana Shiraki (Taiwan) Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa (Europe) Gryllotalpa major (USA) Gryllotalpa monanka (USA Australia) Gryllotalpa orientalis (Asia) Gryllotalpa vinae world's loudest insect ↑
 Nucula nitidula is a saltwater nut clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculidae.
 Pseudis paradoxa known as the paradoxical frog or shrinking frog is a species of hylid frog from South America. Its name refers to the very large—up to 25-cm-long—tadpole (typical of the Pseudis genus) which in turn becomes an ordinary-sized frog only about a quarter of its former length.Pseudis paradoxa is green coloured with dark green or olive stripes.
 The Crested Moa Pachyornis australis is a species of Moa from the family Dinornithidae. It is one of the 11 known species of Moa to have existed. Moa are grouped together with emus ostriches kiwis cassowaries rheas and tinamous in the clade Palaeognathae. Some of the species of this group are flightless and lacks a keel on their sternum. The name Crested Moa is due to pits being found in their skulls suggesting they had crests.
 The Seram Thrush (Geokichla joiceyi) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is endemic to montane rainforest on Seram in Indonesia. Traditionally it has been considered a subspecies of the Buru Thrush in which case the common name of the 'combined species' was Moluccan Thrush.
 Ornithospila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Again (foaled 22 May 2006) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She was one of the leading Irish two-year-old fillies of 2008 when she won three of her five races including the Debutante Stakes and the Moyglare Stud Stakes. She recorded her most important win when taking the Irish 1000 Guineas on her three-year-old debut but was beaten in her three subsequent races.
 Deltophora gielisia is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain and Portugal.
 Quail is a collective name for several genera of mid-sized birds generally considered in the order Galliformes. Old World quail are found in the family Phasianidae and New World quail are found in the family Odontophoridae. The buttonquail are named more for their superficial resemblance to quail and are members of the Turnicidae family in the Charadriiformes order.
 Molynocoelia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Phyllonorycter ruizivorus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found on La Réunion.The length of the forewings is 2.8–2.91 mm. The forewings are golden ochreous with white markings consisting of a very short basal streak two transverse fasciae one costal and one dorsal strigulae and two terminal spots. The hindwings are light fuscous with a long greyish fringe.The larvae feed on Ruizia cordata and Dombeya acutangula. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is tentiform.
 Rhadinomyia orientalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Rhadinomyia of the family Tephritidae.
 Africanized honey bees (also spelled Africanised honey bees) known colloquially as killer bees are some hybrid varieties of the Western honey bee species (Apis mellifera) produced originally by cross-breeding of the African honey bee A. m. scutellata with various European honey bees such as the Italian bee A. m. ligustica and the Iberian bee A. m. iberiensis. The hybrid bees are far more defensive than any of the various European subspecies.
 Antaeotricha pseudochyta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Bartica and Grenada.The wingspan is 13-19 mm.
 The Chinese mitten crab Eriocheir sinensis (also known as the big sluice crab (Chinese: 大閘蟹; pinyin: dà zhá xiè) and Shanghai hairy crab Chinese: 上海毛蟹; pinyin: shànghǎi máo xiè) is a medium-sized burrowing crab that is named for its furry claws which resemble mittens and is native to the coastal estuaries of eastern Asia from Korea in the north to the Fujian province of China in the south. It has also been introduced to Europe and North America where it is considered an invasive species.
 Ormetica melea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1900. It is found in Venezuela.
 Syntypistis defector is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan) and Vietnam.
 Emmericia is a genus of very small freshwater snails which have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Amnicolidae according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Emmericia is the type genus of the subfamily Emmericiinae.
 Utetheisa lactea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Seychelles.
 Stan (foaled in 1950 in England) was an Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in England and in the United States where he was the 1954 American Champion Male Turf Horse. Racing at age two in 1952 he won six of his eight starts in England before being sold to an American buyer who in turn subsequently sold him to for US$29050 Allie Reuben owner of Hasty House Farm.
 Eois toporata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Gynandromyia seychellensis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae.
 Rata is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Rata chalcal Davie 1997 Rata tuamotense Davie 1992↑
 Phalacrocera is a genus of crane fly in the family Cylindrotomidae.
 Etielloides bipartitellus is a species of snout moths in the genus Etielloides. It was described by Leech in 1889 and is known from China Japan and Korea.
 Coleophora iljiniae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Kazakhstan.The larvae feed on Iljinia regelii. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Cosmiosophista is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The Maya skate (Leucoraja caribbaea) is a species of skate in the family Rajidae. It lives in western Atlantic ocean off the coast of Mexico in depth of 457 metres.
 Acrolophus ceramochra is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Icterids make up a family (Icteridae) of small to medium-sized often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most species have black as a predominant plumage color often enlivened by yellow orange or red. The family is extremely varied in size shape behavior and coloration. The name meaning jaundiced ones (from the prominent yellow feathers of many species) comes from the Ancient Greek ikteros through the Latin ictericus.
 Cryptazeca kobelti is a species of gastropod in the Cochlicopidae family. It is endemic to Spain.
 Utrivalva melitocrossa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Trypeta hostilis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Mionochroma chloe is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gounelle in 1911. It is known from southeastern Brazil Paraguay and Argentina.
 The Knotting gall is caused by the dipteron fly Chirosia betuleti (Ringdahl 1935). The gall develops in the terminal shoots of ferns such as Broad buckler fern Dryopteris dilatata Male shield fern Dryopteris filix-mas Lady fern Athyrium filix-femina and the Ostrich fern Matteuccia struthiopteris.
 Epicrocis crassa is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Coleophora turbatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is about 10 mm.The larvae feed on Carex brevifolia.
 La Prevoyante (1970–1974) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred race horse elected to the Racing Halls of Fame in the United States and Canada.
 Nakusia is an extinct genus of early proboscidean from the early Eocene Epoch described in 1999 in the Ghazij formation of Baluchistan Pakistan.
 Boursinidia darwini is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Biobío Araucanía and Magallanes and Antartica Chilena Regions of Chile.The wingspan is 39-41 mm. Adults are on wing from November to December.
 Laguncula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae the moon shells.
 Poromera is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae.
 Melanoptilia haemogastra is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Peru.The wingspan is about 15 mm.
 Trochulus graminicola is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Germany.
 Pterynotus emilyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Tetragonoderus punctatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Wiedemann in 1823.
 Lophocoleus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Virbia lehmanni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Colombia.
 Elachista rikkeae is a moth of the Elachistidae family which is endemic to Spain.
 Tefflus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tefflus angustipes Kolbe 1903 Tefflus brevicostatus Quedenfeldt 1883 Tefflus camerunus Kolbe 1903 Tefflus carinatus Klug 1853 Tefflus hamiltonii Bates 1871 Tefflus juvenilis Gerstaecker 1871 Tefflus kilimanus Kolbe 1897 Tefflus meyerlei (Fabricius 1801) Tefflus muata Harold 1878 Tefflus purpureipennis Quedenfeldt 1883 Tefflus raffrayi Chaudoir 1874 Tefflus tenuicollis Fairmaire 1894 Tefflus viridanus Kolbe 1897 Tefflus zanzibaricus Kolbe 1886 Tefflus zebulianus Raffray 1882 ↑
 Delias descombesi the Redspot Jezebel is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites.
 Chiasognathus is a genus of stag beetles found in Argentina and Chile. It includes seven species:Chiasognathus beneshi Lacroix 1978Chiasognathus grantii Stephens 1832Chiasognathus impubis Parry 1870Chiasognathus jousselinii Reiche 1850Chiasognathus latreillei Solier 1851Chiasognathus mniszechii Thomson 1862Chiasognathus sombrus Paulsen & Smith 2010↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Pharmacis castillanus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Spain.
 Pseudadelphia is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Phycitinae.
 Ceroprepes is a genus of snout moths. It was described by It was described by Zeller in 1867.
 Udea chytropa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Oahu.The larvae feed on native Hibiscus species. They feed between webbed leaves of thehostplant.
 The Black-headed blenny (Microlipophrys nigriceps) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Mediterranean Sea. It can reach a maximum length of 4.3 centimetres (1.7 in) TL. This species is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Eressa discinota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1879. It is found in India (Assam Tenasserim).
 Bagisarinae is a subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae.
 The rosebelly worm-eating snake (Trachischium guentheri) is a species of colubrid snake. The epithet guentheri honors Albert Günther (1830–1914) German-born zoologist at the British Museum.
 Voeltzkowia is a genus of skinks.
 Porphyrosela dismochrysa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and South Australia.The larvae feed on Hardenbergia species (including Hardenbergia ovata) Kennedia nigricans and Meibomia viridiflora. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ethmia andranella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Euhadra peliomphala is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.This species is endemic to Japan. The species exhibits exceptional geographical variation in its mitochondrial DNA.
 The New Zealand greater short-tailed bat (Mystacina robusta) was one of two species of New Zealand short-tailed bats a family (Mystacinidae) unique to New Zealand. There have been no confirmed sights of this animal since 1967. It lived on the North and South Islands in prehistoric times and historically lived on small islands near Stewart Island/Rakiura. They were also known to live in caves in the Solomon Islands.
 Palpopleura portia the Portia Widow is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Burkina Faso Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gambia Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Schrankia nokowula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the New Hebrides.
 Pratylenchus hexincisus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Blastobasis chanes is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4–4.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with a few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 Mordellistena potamophila is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Franciscolo in 1962.
 Scaphinotus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Scaphinotus aeneicollis Beutenmuller 1903 Scaphinotus andrewsii Harris 1839 Scaphinotus angulatus Harris 1839 Scaphinotus angusticollis Mannerheim 1824 Scaphinotus behrensi Roeschke 1907 Scaphinotus bilobus Say 1825 Scaphinotus bullatus Van Dyke 1924 Scaphinotus cavicollis LeConte 1859 Scaphinotus cordatus LeConte 1853 Scaphinotus crenatus Motschulsky 1859 Scaphinotus cristatus Harris 1839 Scaphinotus elevatus Fabricius 1787 Scaphinotus fissicollis LeConte 1853 Scaphinotus hoffmani Barr Scaphinotus guyoti LeConte 1866 Scaphinotus hatchi Beer 1971 Scaphinotus hubbardi Schwarz 1895 Scaphinotus imperfectus Horn 1860 Scaphinotus incompletus Schwarz 1895 Scaphinotus infletus Allen & Carlton 1988 Scaphinotus interruptus Menetries 1844 Scaphinotus johnsoni Van Dyke 1924 Scaphinotus kelloggi Dury 1912 Scaphinotus labontei van den Berghe 1994 Scaphinotus levis Barr Scaphinotus liebecki Van Dyke 1936 Scaphinotus lodingi Valentine 1935 Scaphinotus longiceps Van Dyke 1924 Scaphinotus macrogonus Bates 1891 Scaphinotus manni Wickham 1919 Scaphinotus marginatus Fischer 1822 Scaphinotus merkeli Horn 1890 Scaphinotus mexicanus Bates 1882 Scaphinotus obliquus LeConte 1868 Scaphinotus oreophilus Rivers 1890 Scaphinotus parisianus Allen & Carlton 1988 Scaphinotus persimilis Barr Scaphinotus petersi Roeschke 1907 Scaphinotus punctatus LeConte 1874 Scaphinotus regularis LeConte 1884 Scaphinotus reichei Barr Scaphinotus relictus Horn 1881 Scaphinotus ridingsii (Bland 1863) Scaphinotus riversi Roeschke 1907 Scaphinotus rugiceps Horn 1872 Scaphinotus schwarzi Beutenmuller 1913 Scaphinotus snowi (LeConte 1881) Scaphinotus striatopunctatus (Chaudoir 1844) Scaphinotus subtilis Schaum 1863 Scaphinotus tenuis Casey 1914 Scaphinotus tricarinatus (Casey 1914) Scaphinotus tusquitee Barr Scaphinotus unicolor Fabricius 1787 Scaphinotus unistriatus Darlington 1931 Scaphinotus valentinei Barr Scaphinotus vandykei Roeschke 1907 Scaphinotus velutinus LeConte 1853 Scaphinotus ventricosus Dejean 1833 Scaphinotus viduus Dejean 1826 Scaphinotus violaceus LeConte 1863 Scaphinotus webbi Bell 1959↑
 Promoniliformis ovocristatus is a species of parasitic worm from the family Moniliformidae. It is the only species in the genus Promoniliformis.
 Estigmene atrifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in Kenya.
 Zodarion ruffoi is a spider species found in France and Italy.
 Tabanus bovinus sometimes called the pale giant horse-fly is a species of biting horse-fly. As the name suggests it prefers bovine animals as the source of blood although it may bite other kind of mammals as well. The insect is relatively large for a horse-fly adults usually being 25–30 mm long. Like most other horseflies its compound eyes are very colorful with stripe-like patterns. Its body and wings are mostly colored brownish gray.
 Strabena andriana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Turbonilla recta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Longitarsus gracilis is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in Asian counties like Turkey and Israel and also in African ones such as Algeria and Morocco. Besides African and Asian countries it is widespead in Europe. It can be found in Central Europe (except for Romania) Yugoslavian states (except for Macedonia) Baltic states and Ukraine.
 Cruriopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Water Bronze or Water Blue (Cacyreus tespis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from South Africa to Ethiopia.The wingspan is 15–25 mm for males and 17–25 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas but usually from August to May. At higher altitudes adults are on wing in December and January.The larvae feed on the buds and green seeds of Geranium and Pelargonium species.
 Paracymoriza cataclystalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 16-20 mm.
 Elaphrus smaragdiceps is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Semenov in 1889.
 The yellow heart-tongued frog Phyllodytes luteolus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Syngrapha sackenii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains from south-western Montana to north-eastern Utah New Mexico and Colorado.
 The Ryukyu Tip-nosed Frog (Odorrana narina) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Japan. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eugoa coronaria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Kenya.
 Phytomyptera cingulata is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Buchanosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms that lived from the Early to Middle Devonian. Fossils appear in various strata in Russia Central Asia Australia and China.All buchanosteids tend to have flattened (of varying degrees depending on the genus) heads with most genera also having large orbits.
 The puffadder shyshark or happy Eddie (Haploblepharus edwardsii) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae endemic to the temperate waters off South Africa. This common shark is found on or near the bottom in sandy or rocky habitats from the intertidal zone to a depth of 130 m (430 ft). Typically reaching 60 cm (24 in) in length the puffadder shyshark has a slender flattened body and head.
 Rjabovana is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Dyscia.
 Holophaea prometina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1894. It is found in Mexico.
 Turbonilla domingana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acompsia cinerella is a small lepidopteran species of the twirler moth family (Gelechiidae). It is the type species of the genus Acompsia once assigned to the proposed subfamily Anacampsinae (here included in Gelechiinae) but generally placed in the Dichomeridinae.It is found in most of Europe except for Portugal and Iceland.The wingspan is 16–19 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae probably feed on moss often at the base of a tree.
 Zygaena corsica is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.The larvae feed on Santolina insularis and Plagius flosculosum.
 Synodontis ornatipinnis is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia. This species grows to a length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL.
 The Halmahera Cuckooshrike (Coracina parvula) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cephalia fulvicornis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Cephalia of the family Ulidiidae.
 The South Australian cobbler Gymnapistes marmoratus often just called cobbler in Australia is a brown coloured fish that lives in estuaries in southern Australia both on the eastern (New South Wales) and western (Western Australia - near Perth) coasts. Its dorsal fin's spines are envenomed.This species lies motionless through the day becoming active at night when the smaller ones eat shrimp and crabs while the larger cobblers eat other fish.
 Pyralis regalis is a species of snout moths. It is found from most of Europe (except Ireland Great Britain Portugal the Benelux Germany and Norway) east to Asia including China Cambodia Myanmar India Russia Korea Japan and Taiwan.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.Larvae have been recorded in a wasp Honeycomb in Japan.
 Common names: rock viper Malabar rock pitviper.Trimeresurus malabaricus is a venomous pit viper species endemic to southwestern India. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Hellinsia pseudobarbata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The wingspan is 17 mm. The forewings are grey‑brown with black‑brown markings. The hindwings and fringes are brown‑grey. Adults are on wing in October in mountainous terrain at 1400 m.
 The White-fronted Tit (Parus semilarvatus) is a species of bird in the Paridae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Idalima is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Asura frigida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India.
 Triviella franziskae is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Amiantofusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Feltia nigrita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Siberia central Yakutia the Amur and Primorye regions as well as British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan Yukon and Manitoba.
 Pediobopsis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Physomerus is a genus of true bugs in the family Coreidae subfamily Coreinae tribe Acanthocorini; containing the notable pest species Physomerus grossipes (Fabricius 1794)
 Goya albivenella is a species of snout moths in the genus Goya. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in Argentina.
 Pugilina dirki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melongenidae the crown conches and their allies.
 Liolaemus platei is a species of tree iguana known by the common name Braided Tree Iguana. This taxon is endemic to the Chilean matorral ecoregion. The species was first described in the year 1898 by Franz Werner. The species is classified by the IUCN as Least Concern.
 Scopula natalensis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Poecilosoma misionum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1915.
 Craspedortha is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Rhimphalea linealis is a small moth in the Crambidae family that is found in Papua New Guinea.It has a wingspan of 30mm.
 Andreacarus voalavo is a parasitic mite found on the Malagasy rodent Voalavo gymnocaudus. First described in 2007 it is closely related to Andreacarus gymnuromys and Andreacarus eliurus which are found on other Malagasy rodents. The length of the idiosoma the main body is 630 to 670 μm in females and 450 to 480 μm in males. Unlike A. eliurus this species lacks distinct sternal glands (secretory organs) between two lyrifissures (sensory organs) on the lower part of the female body.
 Sebastes babcocki is a species of fish in the rockfish family known by the common name redbanded rockfish. Other common names include bandit barber pole flag rockfish Spanish flag hollywood convict and canary. It is native to the northern and eastern Pacific Ocean. Its distribution extends from the Zhemchug Canyon in the Bering Sea and the Aleutians south to San Diego California.This fish reaches up to 64 centimeters in length.
 Tarachodes brevipennis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Gray-cheeked Flying Squirrel (Hylopetes lepidus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Thailand and Vietnam.
 Odostomia eyerdami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acrocercops siphonaula is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Sierra Leone.The larvae feed on Cola species including Cola nitida. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Chaostola Skipper (Antipodia chaostola) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found along the coast of Victoria New South Wales and Tasmania.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Cyperaceae species including Gahnia filifolia Gahnia grandis Gahnia microstachya Gahnia radula and Gahnia sieberiana.
 Cremnophila pyraustella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cremnophila. It was described by Zerny in 1914 and is known from China.
 Uhligia schilskyi is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Uhligia.
 Euseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Elfriedella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Charred Dagger Moth (Acronicta brumosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New York to Florida west through the southern states to California north at least to Utah.The wingspan is about 38 mm. The larvae feed on various Quercus species.
 Elachista micalis is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from the Pelion Plains to the Pelion Gap area in Tasmania.The wingspan is 5.8–6 millimetres (0.23–0.24 in) for males and 6.6 millimetres (0.26 in) for females. The forewings of the males are metallic blue basally with shiny dark bronzy brown scales distally. Females have black forewings with a bronzy sheen and five metallic blue markings. The hindwings of both sexes are dark grey.
 Rodriguezus is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species: Rodriguezus garmani (Rathbun 1898) Rodriguezus iturbei (Rathbun 1919) Rodriguezus ranchograndensis (Rodríguez 1966) Rodriguezus trujillensis (Rodríguez 1967) ↑
 The Cameron Highlands white-bellied rat (Niviventer cameroni) also known as the Cameron Highlands niviventer is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It has only been found in the mountain forests of the Cameron Highlands on the Malay Peninsula at an altitude of 5000–6600 feet (1500–2000 m).
 Cephetola viridana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya north-western Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Perrotia varians is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Amauris vashti is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 The New Zealand Red Admiral (Vanessa gonerilla) is a butterfly that is endemic to New Zealand. The Māori name is kahukura which means red cloak. The Red Admiral is a member of the family Nymphalidae the sub-family Nymphalinae as well as the tribe Nymphalini.There are two sub-species of Vanessa gonerilla V. g. gonerilla which occurs on the mainland of New Zealand and V. g. ida which occurs on the Chatham Islands.
 Eulophota floridella is a species of snout moths in the genus Eulophota. It was described by Joannis in 1927 and is known from Mozambique.
 Micrulia rufula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Yellow-based Cacozelia (Cacozelia basiochrealis) is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacozelia. It was described by Grote in 1878. It is found in the southern part of the United States.The length of the forewings is 9-11.5 mm. The forewings have a yellowish basal area with brown accents and a bluish-gray median area. The hindwings are dark greyish-brown. Adults are generally on wing from late July to early September but have also been recorded in June and October.
 The Australian Brushturkey or Australian Brush-turkey (Alectura lathami) also frequently called the Scrub Turkey or Bush Turkey is a common widespread species of mound-building bird from the family Megapodiidae found in eastern Australia from Far North Queensland to Illawarra in New South Wales. The Australian Brushturkey has also been introduced to Kangaroo Island in South Australia.
 Physocyclus is a spider genus in the family Pholcidae.
 Phalangium opilio is the most widespread species of harvestman in the world occurring natively in Europe and much of Asia and having been introduced to North America North Africa and New Zealand. It is found in a wide range of habitats including meadows bogs forests and various types of anthropogenic habitats such as gardens fields hedgerows lawns quarries green places in built-up areas walls and bridges.
 Bathylagichthys is a species of deep-sea smelts.
 Cosoryx furcatus is an extinct species of antilocaprid that lived in the Miocene of Nevada.
 The Creole Pearly Eye (Enodia creola) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from North Carolina and central Georgia west to eastern Oklahoma and eastern Texas.The wingspan is 59-70 mm. Males have spotted forewings. The upperside is brown with patches of dark scales along the veins. The underside is tan for both malea and females. Adults feed on sap rotting fruit carrion and dung.The larvae feed on the leaves of Arundinaria tecta.
 Damas is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Kalinowski's mastiff bat (Mormopterus kalinowskii) is a species of bat found in Chile and Peru. It is threatened by ongoing habitat loss.
 Carabus lusitanicus brevis is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Spain. Males are yellowish-green coloured while females are blackish-blue.
 Ogdoconta altura is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-central and southern Texas as well as in north-eastern Mexico.The length of the forewings is 9.5–13 mm. The overall coloration of the adults is brown with a green-gray cast. The hindwing of the female is more heavily suffused with brown than the male although the amount of dark suffusion is variable among males. Adults have been recorded on wing in April May July August and September.
 Pristidactylus valeriae is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is endemic to Chile and particularly to the Chilean matorral.
 The Kuankuoshui salamander (Pseudohynobius kuankuoshuiensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.It is endemic to China and only know from its type locality Shuiyang in Guizhou Province.Its natural habitats are temperate forests streams and pools.It is threatened by habitat loss.Kuankuoshui salamander is a relative large salamander about 20 cm (7.9 in) in total length.
 Nicrophorus encautus is a burying beetle described by Les Hydrethus Fairmaire in 1896.
 Liostomia afzelii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Handleyomys melanotis also known as the Black-eared Oryzomys or Black-eared Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in coastal lowland forest in western Mexico.
 Poirieria oliverai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Molybdogompha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hemlock woolly adelgid (Adelges tsugae) or HWA is member of the Sternorrhyncha suborder of the Order Hemiptera and native to East Asia. It feeds by sucking sap from hemlock and spruce trees (Tsuga spp.; Picea spp.). In eastern North America it is a destructive pest that gravely threatens the eastern hemlock (Tsuga canadensis) and the Carolina hemlock (Tsuga caroliniana).
 Volana is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The lesser sand eel or sand lance Ammodytes tobianus is a species of fish in the sand lance family Ammodytidae. It is an elongated cylindrical fish which may be up to 20 centimetres (7.9 in) long.
 Spectralia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Spectralia aequalis (Waterhouse 1889) Spectralia albonotata (Laporte & Gory 1837) Spectralia arcuata (Laporte & Gory 1837) Spectralia bahamica (Cazier 1952) Spectralia carinata (Silbermann 1838) Spectralia costulata (Laporte & Gory 1837) Spectralia costulifera (Chevrolat 1867) Spectralia cuprescens (Knull 1940) Spectralia frontalis (Waterhouse 1882) Spectralia gracilipes (Melsheimer 1845) Spectralia maculatissima (Thomson 1879) Spectralia multipunctata (Olivier 1790) Spectralia nelsoni Westcott 2006 Spectralia parafrontalis (Nelson 1971) Spectralia prosternalis (Schaeffer 1904) Spectralia purpurascens (Schaeffer 1905) Spectralia roburella (Knull 1941) Spectralia robusta (Chamberlin 1920) Spectralia sulcicollis (Chevrolat 1867) Spectralia sulcifera (Laporte & Gory 1837) Spectralia uniformis (Waterhouse 1889) Spectralia viridipunctata (Thomson 1879)↑
 Habrosyne is a genus of moth belonging to the Drepaninae family.
 Leptophobia micaia is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The chalcid wasp Ixodiphagus hookeri lays its eggs into ticks. It seems to use a symbiotic virus to weaken the tick's immune system.Ticks from these genera are infected:AmblyommaDermacentorHaemaphysalisHyalommaIxodes (for example Ixodes ricinus)RhipicephalusBecause of the importance of I. hookeri as a natural enemy of ticks it has been extensively researched.
 Winchell's Kingfisher or Rufous-lored Kingfisher (Todiramphus winchelli) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phasianella nivosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.
 Bythinella gloeeri is a species of very small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Phyllonorycter cephalariae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from southern France Croatia Greece Hungary and Serbia.The larvae feed on Cephalaria leucantha. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine. The lower epidermis has strong folds while the upper epidermis is vaulted. The mine contracts strongly causing the leaf margins to fold down and inwards. Last instar larvae also feed on the tissue of the roof of the mine.
 Collix biokoensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Equatorial Guinea (Bioko).
 Sphincterochila insularis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sphincterochilidae.
 Rhodambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Polypedates taeniatus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in Bangladesh India Nepal and possibly Bhutan.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ourapteryx inspersa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Spectrunculus is a genus of cusk-eels found in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
 Aborolabis vicina is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera. Found primarily in the Afrotropic ecozone this species was first classified by Burr in 1911.
 Neochorista is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Magnificent Bird-of-paradise Cicinnurus magnificus is a small up to 26 cm-long bird-of-paradise with extremely complex plumage. The male has seemingly incandescent yellow wings an iridescent-green breast shield blue feet and is adorned with a yellow mantle on its neck. It has two long curved blue-green sickle-like tail feathers. The female is a comparatively drab olive-brown bird with black-barred buffy underparts.
 Drepanogynis hypopyrrha is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in East Madagascar.The wingspan of this species is 40mm it is of prussian red colour much suffused with some dull purple. The underside is orange-red.
 Torellia didyma is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Barbatula is a genus of stone loaches. Formerly containing many more species Maurice Kottelat's revision of 2012 reduced the size of this genus by nearly half as many species were moved to Oxynoemacheilus.
 Stenodacma pyrrhodes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It has a wide range and has been recorded from Australia India Japan South Africa China Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Vietnam Thailand and Korea.The wingspan is 10–11 millimetres (0.39–0.43 in).
 Periophthalmus gracilis is a species of mudskippers native to marine and brackish waters of the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it is an inhabitant of the intertidal zone capable of spending time out of water. This species can reach a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Alcis taiwanovariegata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 †'Partula raiatensis was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Ephydroidea is a superfamily of flies.
 Mordellistena eversi is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae and is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch and is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Aerodramus is a genus of small dark cave-nesting birds in the Collocaliini tribe of the swift family. Its members are confined to tropical and subtropical regions in southern Asia Oceania and northeastern Australia. Many of its members were formerly classified in Collocalia but were first placed in a separate genus by American ornithologist Harry Church Oberholser in 1906.This is a taxonomically difficult group of very similar species.
 The Transparent Burnet (Zygaena purpuralis) is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
 Stigmella bicuspidata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from three widely separate localities in Turkey.The wingspan is 4.9–5 millimetres (0.19–0.20 in). Adults are on wing from July to September.
 Linnaemya picta is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Karanasa is an Old World genus of Satyrinae (family Nymphalidae).
 Cassiella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Taeniostolella celophora is a species of sedge moths and the only species in the genus Taeniostolella. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is found in Brazil.
 Ethopia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1865.
 Sychesia hora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jordan in 1916. It is found in Colombia.
 Badisis is a stilt-legged fly genus with only one known species Badisis ambulans. This is a wingless haltere-less fly with an ant-like appearance. It is only found in the Southwest Australian bioregion of Western Australia.
 Bulimulus albermalensis is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Orange-breasted Falcon (Falco deiroleucus) is a bird of the falcon family. It is probably closely related to and looks like a larger version of the Bat Falcon. These two in turn are probably closest to the Aplomado Falcon and constitute a rather old American lineage of Falcos.It is found from southern Mexico to northern Argentina. It's a medium-sized falcon at 35–40 cm (14–16 in) long and a weight of 325–700 grams (11.5 oz.-1.5 lbs).
 Neolamprologus wauthioni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it inhabits snail shells. This species reaches a length of 5.5 centimetres (2.2 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Pigmy short-horned lizard (Phrynosoma douglassii) is a small lizard that occurs in North America. Like other horned lizards it is often called the horned toad or horny toad but it is not a toad at all. It is a reptile not an amphibian.
 Eleutherodactylus glamyrus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Awaous ocellaris is a species of goby native to fresh marine and brackish waters of southern Asia from India to the Philippines and eastern Asia to Japan as well as the islands of Oceania. This species can reach a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Hatcheria macraei is a species of pencil catfish and the only species in its genus. This fish grows to about 20.8 centimetres (8.2 in) and originates from cis-Andean rivers of Argentina between 29º and 45º30'S.
 Metacercops praestricta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Mordellistena bulgarica is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1977 by Ermisch.
 Ancylopsetta dilecta the three-eye flounder is a species of large-tooth flounder found along the Atlantic and Caribbean coasts of North and Central America. It is found down to depths of 137 m (449 ft). This species grows to 25 cm (9.8 in) in total length.
 Ciliopagurus krempfi is a species of hermit crab from the Indo-Pacific.
 Nomorhamphus towoeti is a species of fish in the Hemiramphidae family.
 Mustilia fusca is a moth in the Endromidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The larvae feed on the leaves of Trochodendron aralioides. They have a greenish brown body and head. They reach a length of 45 mm when full-grown. Pupation takes place in a black rough and rugose pupa enclosed in a thin cocoon of brown silk spun among the leaves of the host plant.
 Ailuroedus is a genus of birds in the Ptilonorhynchidae family (bowerbirds).
 Zatilpa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Acopa.
 Xerocrassa claudinae is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Micromartinia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Peishansaurus (PAY-SHAHN-SAWR-us - meaning north mountain lizard) was a genus of plant-eating dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous period (Campanian stage) roughly 97.5-66 million years ago. Peishansaurus was named by Bohlin in 1953 from a fragmentary jaw with some teeth. The type species is P. philemys.
 Cynaeda is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Patagioenas is a genus of New World pigeons whose distinctness from the genus Columba was long disputed but ultimately confirmed. It is basal to the Columba-Streptopelia radiation. Their ancestors diverged from that lineage probably over 8 million years ago.
 Xanthichthys caeruleolineatus is a Triggerfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 35 cm in length.
 Arwon (foaled 8 September 1973 died 25 May 2007) was a New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racehorse by Aritzo from Fair Flash who won the 1978 Melbourne Cup at 5 years of age.In New Zealand he was known and raced as Flash Guy. Arwon won the 1978 Melbourne Cup beating Dandeleith and Karu by a half neck.
 Eosynanceja is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
 Ethmia septempunctata is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Japan Korea the Russian Far East and China.The wingspan is 15–18 mm. Adults have been recorded from May to mid July.
 Spilarctia longiramia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found on Java and Sumatra.
 Nassarius robustus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Sevenia madagascariensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Ochsenheimeria lovyi is a moth of the Ypsolophidae family. It is found in Tunisia.The larvae feed on Juncus maritimus.
 The Black-bellied Seedcracker (Pyrenestes ostrinus) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 4500000 km².It is found in Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Côte d'Ivoire Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Mali Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.
 Spheterista flavocincta is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Oahu and Hawaii.It is a highly variable species.The larvae feed on Santalum species including Santalum freycinetianum. They occur on webbed leaves of their host plant. Full-grown larvae are about 8 mm long and pale green.The pupa is 5 mm long and pale greenish or yellowish. The pupa is formed within the folded-over edge of a leaf. The pupal period lasts about a week.
 Blinasaurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The northern river terrapin (Batagur baska) is a species of riverine turtle. It is one of the most critically endangered turtle species according to a 2000 assessment by the IUCN.
 The Lasiopteridi is a supertribe of flies from the family Cecidomyiidae. They are often called gall midges or gall gnats.
 Louis's Yellow-shouldered Bat (Sturnira luisi) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Panama and Peru.
 Conus compressus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.The database WoRMS lists this species only tentatively as it may be a synonym for a northern form of Conus anemone.Like all cone snail species these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Trocodima hemiceras is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Forbes in 1931. It is found on Puerto Rico.
 Atractocerus is a genus of beetles in the family Lymexylidae containing the following species: Atractocerus ater Kraatz 1895 Atractocerus atricollis Pic 1955 Atractocerus bicolor Strohmeyer 1910 Atractocerus bifasciatus Gestro 1874 Atractocerus blairi Gardner 1936 Atractocerus brasiliensis Lepeletier & Audinet-Serville 1825 Atractocerus brevicornis (Linnaeus 1766) Atractocerus bruijni Gestro 1874 Atractocerus crassicornis Clark 1931 Atractocerus emarginatus Laporte de Castelnau 1836 Atractocerus gracilicornis Schenkling 1914 Atractocerus kreuslerae Pascoe 1864 Atractocerus mirabilis Miwa 1935 Atractocerus morio Pascoe 1860 Atractocerus niger Strohmeyer 1910 Atractocerus procerus Schenkling 1914 Atractocerus quercus Gardner 1935 Atractocerus reversus Walker 1858 Atractocerus siebersi Karny 1922 Atractocerus tasmaniensis Lea 1917 Atractocerus termiticola Wasmann 1902 Atractocerus tonkineus Pic 1948 Atractocerus victoriensis Blackburn 1891↑
 The Four-spot megrim (Lepidorhombus boscii) is a species of fish in the Scophthalmidae flat fish family. It has a very flattened and elongated body similar to megrim or whiff (Lepidorhombus whiffiagonis)In Spanish it is known as gallo de cuatro manchas (or more often simply gallo) sometimes (depending on the region or city) ojito rapante La palaia bruixa de quatre taques serrandell or llisèria and in France as cardine à quatre taches
 Oliva porphyria common name the tent olive is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Climacoporus navalis the Fleet klipfish is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the coast of South Africa where it can be found in tide pools. This species can reach a maximum length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 The Spotted Dove (Spilopelia chinensis) is a small and somewhat long-tailed pigeon which is a common resident breeding bird across its native range on the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. The species has been introduced into many parts of the world and feral populations have become established. This species was formerly included in the genus Streptopelia with other turtle-doves but studies suggest that they differ from typical members of that genus.
 Creme Fraiche (foaled 1982 in Kentucky) was an American thoroughbred racehorse.
 Oxynoe is a genus of small sea snails bubble snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Oxynoidae.
 Nabis lovetti is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Archilema modiolus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 The Limpopo girdled lizard (Cordylus jonesii) lives along South Africa’s border with Botswana Zimbabwe and Mozambique. These lizards are arboreal inhabitants of dry forests where they hide under loose bark and in hollow tree limbs.The dorsal pattern varies from red to brown to gray with dark spots or lines. On some individuals the lines fuse into a black-bordered white stripe along the midline of the back.
 Garra salweenica is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Grimser's collared lizard (Crotaphytus grismeri) is a species of lizard in the genus Crotaphytus.
 Idalus vitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1780. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Honduras Costa Rica Panama Paraguay Peru French Guiana Bolivia Brazil and Venezuela.
 Hypolycaena lebona the Fairy Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.Adults mud-puddle and have also been recorded imbibing moisture from moist wood ash.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ewo (a word in the Yoruba language).
 The Green Darner or Common Green Darner (Anax junius) after its resemblance to a darning-needle is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae. One of the most common and abundant species throughout North America and it ranges south to Panama. It is well known for its great migration distance from the northern United States south into Texas and Mexico. It also occurs in the Caribbean Tahiti and Asia from Japan to mainland China.
 Abareia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. It contains only one species Abareia amaurodes which is found in Australia.
 Bathybates fasciatus is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Platyptilia calamicola is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Indonesia (Java).
 Celaenorrhinus putra is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Argyroeides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Satyr Tragopan (Tragopan satyra) also known as the Crimson Horned Pheasant is a pheasant found in the Himalayan reaches of India Tibet Nepal and Bhutan. They reside in moist oak and rhododendron forests with dense undergrowth and bamboo clumps. They range from 8000 to 14000 feet in summer and 6000 feet in winter. The male Crimson Horned Pheasant is about 70 cm long.When it is mating season male satyr tragopans grow blue horns and a gular wattle.
 Swaps (March 1 1952 – November 1972) was a California bred American thoroughbred racehorse. He was the son of Khaled a stallion imported from the Aga Khan's stud in Europe. Swaps is a descendant of Man o' War through his dam Iron Reward a granddaughter of the Triple Crown winner War Admiral. In the list of the top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century by Blood-Horse magazine Swaps ranks 20th.
 Tomicodon is a genus of clingfishes native to the Western Hemisphere with these currently recognized species: Tomicodon absitus Briggs 1955 (distant clingfish) Tomicodon abuelorum Szelitowski 1990 Tomicodon australis Briggs 1955 Tomicodon bidens Briggs 1969 (bifid clingfish) Tomicodon boehlkei Briggs 1955 (Cortez clingfish) Tomicodon briggsi J. T. Williams & J. C. Tyler 2003 Tomicodon chilensis Brisout de Barneville 1846 (smallsucker clingfish) Tomicodon clarkei J. T. Williams & J. C.
 Catatropis johnstoni is a fluke from the United States. It was first described in 1956 by Martin who had found cercariae (a larval stage of a fluke) released by the snail Cerithidea californica in southwestern California. When the cercaria were fed into chickens (Gallus gallus domesticus) they developed into mature worms; Martin speculated that the natural host was a waterbird.
 Rhamphomyia albidiventris is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It has a limited distribution. It has been recorded from Great Britain Germany Austria Slovakia Bosnia Finland and central Russia.
 Lepidogma violescens is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidogma. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Puntius mahecola is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in Kerala India.
 Zodarion arachnaio is a spider species found in Greece.
 The Lesser Antillean Swift (Chaetura martinica) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It breeds on Dominica Guadeloupe Martinique Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent. There is a possible record from Nevis.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Saurita mosca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1897. It is found in Ecuador.
 Bouleia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Calmoniidae) which existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia. It was described by Kozlowski in 1923 and the type species is B. dagincourti which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Ulrich in 1892. It also contains the species B. sphaericeps originally described by Kozlowski also in 1923 as Dereimsia sphaericeps. The type locality was the Icla Formation in Padilla.
 Opharus almopia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1890. It is found in Colombia.
 Aethes sexdentata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Nova Scotia Ontario Quebec Connecticut Illinois Indiana Maine Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Nebraska New Jersey Pennsylvania Vermont Washington West Virginia and Wisconsin. The habitat consists of deciduous forest openings and blueberry thickets.The length of the forewings is 5.7-8.2 mm.
 The Pacific Loon or Pacific Diver (Gavia pacifica) is a medium-sized member of the loon or diver family. It may be conspecific with Black-throated Diver/Arctic Loon which it closely resembles.It breeds on deep lakes in the tundra region of Alaska and northern Canada as far east as Baffin Island and in Russia east of the Lena River.Unlike other loons/divers this bird may migrate in flocks.
 Ephialtias is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species:abrupta species group:Ephialtias abrupta (Hübner 1806)Ephialtias choba (Druce 1899)Ephialtias consueta (Walker 1854)Ephialtias dorsispilota Warren 1905Ephialtias monilis (Hübner 1806)Ephialtias pseudena (Boisduval 1870)Ephialtias velutinum (Butler 1878)bryce species group:Ephialtias bryce (Walker 1854)Ephialtias draconis (Druce 1885)Ephialtias tenuifascia (Prout 1918)
 Calymmaderus obsoletus is a species of beetles in the genus Calymmaderus of the family Anobiidae.
 Arubolana imula is a species of crustacean in the family Cirolanidae endemic to Aruba. It was described in 1979 by Lazare Botosaneanu and Jan Hendrik Stock.
 Denisia albimaculea is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.The larvae live under and feed on dead bark decayed wood and amongst other plant material from conifers such as Larix and deciduous trees such as Ulmus and Aesculus.
 Ascalenia unifasciella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The wingspan is 6-7.2 mm.
 Turridrupa prestoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pseudopharus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Sardopaladilhia subdistorta is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The bronze-headed vine snake Ahaetulla perroteti also known as the Western Ghats bronzeback is a species of snake found in India in the Western Ghats. It is mainly a grassland snake.
 Pseudopostega saturella is a species of moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 1999. It is known only from Sulawesi Utara in Indonesia.
 The Red-billed Partridge (Arborophila rubrirostris) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is endemic to highland forests in Sumatra Indonesia. It is the only member of the genus Arborophila where the bill is completely red (others have either a yellow-tipped red bill or a black bill).
 Lyncina kuroharai is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Amselina kasyi is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.
 Harma is a genus of brush-footed butterflies. It contains only one species: Harma theobene the Angular Glider. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria from Cameroon to Angola and in the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zambia and Mozambique.
 Hodgens' Waterhen (Gallinula hodgenorum) is an extinct rail species from New Zealand. Its name commedorates the Hodgen brothers who were owners of the Pyramid Valley swamp where the holotype was discovered. It reached a weight of 280 g and its wings were so reduced that it was unable to fly. It occupied a wide range of habitats including open forest and grassland along riverbanks.
 Mastacembelus is a genus of many species of spiny eel fish from the family Mastacembelidae. Some species are relatively common in the aquarium trade such as the Fire eel (M. erythrotaenia) and Zig-zag eel (M. armatus) (also called the Tire track eel although M. favus is properly given the common name of Tire track eel)
 Fangfangia spinocleithralis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Indonesia where it is found in the peat swamp forests of Kalimantan Tengah Borneo. It is the only member of its genus. The genus name Fangfangia honors the Chinese-Swedish ichthyologist Fang Fang Kullander (1962-2010) who specialized in the study of cyprinid fishes.
 The rare Gorgeted Wood Quail Odontophorus strophium is a small ground-dwelling bird. This tiny member of the New World quail family has been found in the larger oak forest remnants in the eastern Cordillera (Serrania de Yariguies and NorAndino Oak Forest Corridor) section of Colombia.Its natural habit are humid subtropical and temperate forests that mave mainly oak and laurel trees.
 The Yam Hawk Moth (Theretra nessus) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka India (including the Andaman and Nicobar Islands) Nepal Burma Thailand southern China Taiwan South Korea Japan Malaysia Indonesia northern Australia and New Caledonia.
 Cephalotini is a tribe of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Although they are wingless biologists have observed them gliding. They will glide back to the trunk of their tree which is much safer than the ground or water below. They are among a number of groups of gliding ants. They feed mainly on nectar and avian excretion.
 Parnara is a genus of butterflies in the family Hesperiidae the skippers. They are native to Asia Africa and Australia.These are small brown skippers that have thin translucent spots on their wings.
 Caphys is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1863 who designated the type species as Caphys bilinea a junior synonym for Caphys bilineata.
 Heppnerographa ardea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale golden yellow with distinct glossy dots forming a series of blotches. The markings are golden brown edged with pearl white. The hindwings are creamy suffused ochreous along the margins.
 The Lake Eyre dragon lizard or salt-lake ground-dragon (Ctenophorus maculosus) mainly inhabits the edges of salt lakes in South Australia for which it is named. It survives in this harsh habitat through adaptive mechanisms to tolerate high temperatures and lack of free water. The female C. maculosus possesses unique male rejection techniques which are currently the focus of further research.
 Drepanophiletis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The scarce bamboo page or dido longwing (Philaethria dido) is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Central America and tropical South America both east and west of the Andes from Brazil and Ecuador northwards to Mexico. Strays can sometimes be found in the lower Rio Grande Valley in southern Texas.
 Apatelodes gladys is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Olive Warbler (Peucedramus taeniatus) is a small passerine bird. It is the only member of the genus Peucedramus and the family Peucedramidae.This species breeds from southern Arizona and New Mexico USA south through Mexico to Nicaragua. It is the only bird family endemic to North America (including Central America).
 Trematocara variabile is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 8.7 centimetres (3.4 in) TL.
 Gilletellus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Ross's Gull (Rhodostethia rosea) is a small gull the only species in its genus although it has been suggested it should be moved to the genus Hydrocoloeus which otherwise only includes the Little Gull. This bird is named after the British explorer James Clark Ross.
 Praedora is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Phrynobatrachus graueri is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests shrub-dominated wetlands swamps and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Conus ardisiaceus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Liometopum apiculatum is a species of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. Liometopum apiculatum ants are found in arid and semi-arid regions of southwestern United States and Mexico to Quintana Roo.
 Sisurcana pascoana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish cream suffused with pale rust brown especially in the basal half. The hindwings are creamish but paler basally with some brown-grey spots.
 Notoacmea elongata is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Eastern freshwater cod Maccullochella ikei also known as eastern cod are a large and striking predatory freshwater fish of the Maccullochella genus and the Percichthyidae family that occur in the coastal Clarence River system of north-eastern New South Wales.
 Ptinus pusillus is a species of beetles in the genus Ptinus of the family Anobiidae.
 The Mindoro Bleeding-heart (Gallicolumba platenae) (Filipino: kulo-kulo) is bird native to the Philippines. It is an endangered species. The Mindoro Bleeding-Heart is a type of ground dove.
 Orthogonius planiger is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Walker in 1858.
 The Sandstone Shrikethrush (Colluricincla woodwardi) is a species of bird in the Colluricinclidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Moerarchis inconcisella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in eastern Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The larvae feed on the bark or wood of the rotting logs they live in.
 Scopula hypocallista is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern Australia.
 Paragomphus pumilio is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Egypt Ethiopia Kenya and Sudan. Its natural habitats are dry savanna rivers freshwater lakes and hot deserts.
 Copelatus caelatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Leucomele are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 The Sumatran serow (Capricornis sumatraensis) also known as the southern serow is a species of goat-antelope native to mountain forests in the Thai-Malay Peninsula and on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The former name of this species is mainland serow as all the mainland species of serow (Chinese red and Himalayan) used to be considered subspecies of this species. The Sumatran serow is threatened due to habitat loss and hunting leading to it being evaluated as vulnerable by the IUCN.
 Myobia is a genus of mites that live in the fur of rodents and contains the following species:Myobia agraria Gorissen & Lukoschus 1982 – found on Apodemus agrariusMyobia annae Haitlinger 1987 – found on Apodemus mystacinusMyobia apomyos Uchikawa OConnor & Klompen 1991 – found on Apomys littoralisMyobia malaysiensis Fain Lukoschus & Nadchatram 1980Myobia musculi (Schrank 1781)Myobia machadoi Fain 1972↑
 Pyrosomes genus Pyrosoma are free-floating colonial tunicates that live usually in the upper layers of the open ocean in warm seas although some may be found at greater depths. Pyrosomes are cylindrical or conical shaped colonies made up of hundreds to thousands of individuals known as zooids. Colonies range in size from less than one cm to several metres in length. Each zooid is only a few millimetres in size but is embedded in a common gelatinous tunic that joins all of the individuals.
 Ectocion (sometimes Ectocyon) is an extinct genus of placental mammals of the order Condylartha. The genus was earlier classified as Gidleyina (Simpson 1935) and Prosthecion (Patterson and West 1973)Paleocene specimens of these hoofed ground-dwelling herbivores have been found in Canada (Alberta Saskatchewan) and the United States (Colorado Montana North Dakota and Wyoming).
 Lanistes alexandri is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Eilema ardens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Danio kyathit is a small schooling species of fish in the family Cyprinidae native to Burma. Described in 1998 it is closely related to the better-known zebrafish or zebra danio D. rerio.
 Dysallacta megalopa is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and in Australia.It has a wingspan of 27mm.
 Caryocolum divergens is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in eastern Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is 4—5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish with dark brown sprinkling and the hindwings are have a pearly colour. Adults have been recorded on wing at the beginning of July.
 Gymnothorax vicinus is a moray eel found in the Atlantic ocean. It was first named by Francis de Laporte de Castelnau in 1855 and is commonly known as the Purplemouth moray.
 Vokesimurex blakeanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Asphinctites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 The hardhead halfbeak Chriodorus atherinoides is a species of halfbeak found in coastal waters of the western Atlantic Ocean from southern USA to Mexico including Cuba and the Bahamas. This species is euryhaline and frequently migrates up rivers. It is of no commercial value. Unlike most other halfbeaks the upper and lower jaws are of a similar size.
 Hirthia littorina is a species of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.This species is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia.
 Yersiniops solitaria is a species of praying mantis native to the United States. They are about 1 inch (2.5 cm) in length and have long rear legs which aid them in jumping.
 Eledone is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae. It is mainly distributed in the northern and southern Atlantic Ocean with one species E. palari described from the southwestern Pacific Ocean and eastern Indian Ocean in waters around Indonesia and Australia and another E. microsicya from the western Indian Ocean. One species E. thysanophora is now regarded as a synonym of the brush-tipped octopus (Aphrodoctopus schultzi).
 Metura is a genus of the family Psychidae. Metura is unassigned to a subfamily; incertae sedis.
 Marginella peelae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Pyramidella linearum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Calliostoma chuni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The Mexican Bobcat (Lynx rufus escuinapae) is a subspecies of the bobcat from the cat family Felidae. The Mexican Bobcat is most commonly found in the Mexican states of Sinaloa and Nayarit.
 Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Calymenidae is a family of trilobites containing the following genera:
 Cyllopodini is a tribus of the geometer moth family (Geometridae) with about 68 species in 7 genera and 2 genera with 7 species tentatively associated with the tribe.
 Xenotilapia boulengeri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it occurs in schools in areas with sandy substrates. Its diet consists of small shrimps and copepods. This species can reach a length of 15.3 centimetres (6.0 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Acrocercops leucomochla is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland and New South Wales.
 Hapalogenys is the only genus in the family Hapalogenyidae the barbeled grunters. The species of this genus are found in depths between 30 and 230 m in coastal areas and river mouths from the shores of southern Japan to the Bay of Bengal and Northwestern Australia.Recent studies have shown they are closely related to the Lobotidae family.
 Amadeodipterus is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period. Fossils have been found in Central Australia.
 Scopula ablativa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Loxodonta atlantica is an extinct species of elephant in the genus Loxodonta from Africa. It was larger than the modern African elephant with more progressive dentition. It includes Pleistocene fossils from Ternifine Middle Pleistocene fossils from Elandsfontein and Late Pliocene fossils from the Omo. L. atlantica was said to probably derive from L. adaurora; however an analysis in 2009 suggested that L. antlantica evolved from L. exoptata and is ancestral to L. africana.
 Achatinella buddii was a species of land snail a gastropod in the Achatinellidae family. It was endemic to Hawaii.
 Epitoxis erythroderma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1925. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Lophonectes is a genus of lefteye flounders found in the western Pacific Ocean.
 Oyapock's fish-eating rat (Neusticomys oyapocki) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 The Andaman Mormon (Papilio mayo) is a species of swallowtail butterfly that is endemic to the Andamans. It is a species that is protected by Indian Law. The scientific name honours Richard Bourke 6th Earl of Mayo who was assassinated at Port Blair the year before the butterfly was discovered.
 Sauritinia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Sauritinia dubiosa which is found in French Guiana.
 Punoa is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 †Oriostomatidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha.
 Kosswigobarbus kosswigi is a species of cyprinid fish of the monotypic genus Kosswigobarbus that is found in the Tigris-Euphrates river system in Iran and Turkey. It was originally described as Cyclocheilichthys kosswigi.
 Allora is a genus of skipper butterflies (family Hesperiidae).
 Trifurcula silviae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from the Alps and pre-alps of south-eastern France.The wingspan is 5.8–7 mm for males and 5.8 mm for females. Adults were collected in an alpine meadow on a steep southern slope where Lotus corniculatus Anthyllis vulneraria and Onobrychis montana are the most likely candidates to be its host. The species apparently occurs over a wide range of habitats from almost lowland Mediterranean localities to high alpine country.
 Dracunculus is a genus of spiruroid nematode parasites in the family Dracunculidae. Some species infest humans and alter their hosts’ behaviour in a way that supports the worm’s reproductive cycle. Dracunculus causes a blister to form on the host often on the foot or lower leg causing severe pain and a boiling sensation.
 The White-starred Robin (Pogonocichla stellata) is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher and chat family Muscicapidae. It is also sometimes more simply called the Starred Robin. It is monotypic within the genus Pogonocichla. There are around twelve subspecies. The species is found in East and Southern Africa. It is a forest species occurring in montane forest in the north of its range but closer to sea level further south.
 Pyramidelloides glaber is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Pyramidelloides.
 Erythroculter hypselonotus is a species of cyprinid fish the sole member of the genus Erythroculter. This species was originally described as Culter erythropterus. The name is derived from the Greek word erythros meaning red and the Latin word culter meaning knife.
 Cancilla isabella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Lindapterys soderiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Recophora hreblayi is a moth of the Noctuidae family which is endemic to Turkey.
 Eupithecia insolabilis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the southern United States including Utah Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are light brownish grey finely sprinkled with whitish. The hindwings are somewhat paler than the forewings. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.
 Hellinsia argutus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is 24–27 millimetres (0.94–1.06 in). The forewings are shining ochreous‑white but more whitish near the wing base and more ochreous near the apices. The hindwings are grey‑white and the fringes are white. Adults are on wing in April May June and October at altitudes from 2000 to 3450 m.
 Acrolepiopsis postomacula is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1931. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 10.5–12 mm. The forewings are dark purplish-fuscous with some scattered whitish scales. The hindwings are pale grey but darker posteriorly.The larvae feed on Hosta lancifolia.
 Phyllococcus oahuensis was a species of mealybug in the family Pseudococcidae and the only species in the genus Phyllococcus. It was endemic to Hawaii.
 The Coffin Cave Mold Beetle (Batrisodes texanus) is a small troglobite less than 1/8 of an inch long. They are found exclusively in small caves in Williamson County Texas. The Coffin Cave Mold Beetle has no eyes it has no need for them in the eternal darkness under the rocks and silt where it lives. The US Fish and Wildlife Service considers the Coffin Cave mold beetle to be an endangered species.
 Teinoptila clavata is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in China (Guangxi).The wingspan is 15-16 mm.
 Wittmerimorda gymnophthalma is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Wittmerimorda.
 Anacrusis russomitrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).The wingspan is about 24 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cinnamon brown with a slight violet-grey gloss and fine rust brown strigulation. The markings are purple brown. The hindwings are dark brown.
 Abaera nactalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Abaera. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is the type species of its genus. It is found in Brazil.The larvae feed on Cordia panamensis. They chew one or more escape holes near the blade midvein then link their fecal pellets using silk to form what look like slender brown stalactites suspended from the underside of the leaf. They live within this loose silk tangle.
 Eupithecia inexercita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 The Galapagos ridgefin eel (Callechelys galapagensis) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker and Richard Heinrich Rosenblatt in 1972. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from four specimens collected from the Galapagos Islands (from which its species epithet and common name are derived) in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.
 Agdistis melitensis is a moth of the Pterophoroidea family. It is found in Malta Sicily and Sardinia.
 Mordellistena subaenea is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Champion in 1891.
 Garra nigricollis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Larentia malvata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It was described by Rambur in 1833. It is found in Portugal Spain France Italy Croatia Greece as well as on Sardinia Corsica Sicily Malta and Crete.The wingspan is 26–31 mm.The larvae feed on Malva and Lavathera species.
 Hilton Head White-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus hiltonensis) are a subspecies of White-Tailed deer indigenous to Hilton Head Island in South Carolina. The deer live in a mainly suburban environment and have developed (according to a study) home range areas on the island.Hilton Head White-tailed deer are listed as a species of concern by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service although culling of the deer is regularly approved in order to reduce the population and prevent accidents.
 Parachromis motaguensis the False yellowjacket cichlid is a species of cichlid native to Guatemala and Honduras in Central America. This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. This species is farmed.
 Pezosiren portelli is the name given to an early genus of sirenian represented by a Jamaican fossil skeleton described in 2001 by Daryl Domning a marine mammal paleontologist at Howard University in Washington DC.
 Vexillum sanguisuga is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Mordella trilineata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1927.
 The Campanulariidae are a family of animals in the phylum Cnidaria or stinging-celled animals. Campanulariidae is composed entirely of hydroids a Greek term meaning water animals applied to the plant-like polyp colonies of the class Hydrozoa. All species of the Campanulariidae are aquatic in habitat primarily inhabiting coastal regions and tidal pools.Obelia contains probably the most well-known species of this phylum and include four species.
 Padenia moluccensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1920. It is found on the Moluccas.
 Anabasis zhengi is a species of snout moth. It was described by L.X. Li and H.H. Li in 2011. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Thallarcha epileuca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1922. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.The forewings are brown with white patches.
 Simanica is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Conus evorai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Pseudophoxinus zeregi is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Turkey.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eleutherodactylus diaphonus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypercompe extrema is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Mexico Costa Rica and possibly Chile.The Hypercompe is about 34 mm.
 Asperitas is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Dyakiidae.
 Paraneetroplus synspilus the quetzel cichlid redhead cichlid or firehead cichlid is a species of cichlid native to Central America where it occurs in the Usumacinta River drainage in the countries of Mexico Belize and Guatemala. This species can reach a length of 35 centimetres (14 in) TL. It is also popular in the aquarium trade.It is one of the most colourful cichlid species with males displaying metallic green blue green pink and orange along their flanks.
 Ceratosoma pustulosum is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Sandalodes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).The black with white markings S. scopifer is a very common species in eucalypt forests on the Darling Downs.
 Dudua is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Mesopherna are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.Erechthias epomadia was formerly placed here too.
 Spulerina malicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Assam Meghalaya).The larvae feed on Malus domestica Malus pumila and Malus sylvestris. They probably mine the leaves or stems of their host plant.
 Jardinella coreena is a species of small freshwater snails which have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Ornarantia contrariana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Brazil.
 Tinissa insularia is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan) Malaysia Borneo Indonesia (Sumatra Java Celebes and the Moluccas) the Philippines (Luzon Mindanao Palawan Balabac Tawi Tawi) New Guinea (Papua Karkar Island New Britain) and the Solomon Islands.The wingspan is about 17 mm for males.
 Allophrys is an genus of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
 Itambe is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1892 and contains the species I. fenestalis. It is found in Brazil.
 Pattalinus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pattalinus mirificus (Gilmour 1961) Pattalinus charis Bates 1881 Pattalinus cultus Bates 1881 Pattalinus griseolus Monné 1988 Pattalinus lineatus Monné & Martins 1976 Pattalinus strigosus Monné 1988 Pattalinus vittulatus (Gilmour 1961)↑
 Achryson jolyi is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Monne in 2006. It is known from Venezuela.
 Genicanthus lamarck commonly called Blackstriped Angelfish or Lamarck's Angelfish among various vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae.The Blackstriped Angelfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific.It feeds on plankton along corral reefs.Sexual dimorphism occurs in the species of angelfish the male is larger with blackish pelvic fins and a yellow spot on the front head  whereas the smaller female has brighter (white) pelvic fins.
 Rhaphidodemas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Mantispoidea are a superfamily of lacewing insects in the suborder Hemerobiiformia.
 Stegastes apicalis commonly known as the Japanese gregory is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean in the seas around Japan and the Ryukyu Islands. It has also been reported from Taiwan and South Korea. It is found on rocky reefs at depths ranging from 5 to 20 m (16 to 66 ft).
 Euptera richelmanni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 The Dusky Slender Opossum (Marmosops fuscatus) is a species of opossum in the Didelphidae family. It is found in Colombia Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amphelictus caliginosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Eupithecia thomasina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 Derobrachus granulatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1884.
 The Northern Caiman Lizard is a species of lizard found in northern South America.
 Ambulyx substrigilis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka India Nepal Bangladesh the Andaman Islands the Nicobar Islands Thailand Vietnam China (Hainan Island) Malaysia (Peninsular Sarawak) Indonesia (Sumatra Kalimantan) and the Philippines.The wingspan is 96-120 mm. It can be distinguished from other Ambulyx species by the large black or tawny basal patch of the hindwing upperside. The dorsal line of the abdomen is distinct.
 Carabus hemprichi is a species of black-coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Israel Lebanon Syria and Turkey.
 Terebra longiscata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Crested Becard (Pachyramphus validus) also known as the Plain Becard is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC.
 Eupithecia inscitata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Marmorosphax is a genus of skinks native to New Caledonia.
 North Light (foaled March 1 2001) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire bred in Ireland but trained in the United Kingdom. He is best known as the winner of the Epsom Derby in 2004. He currently stands at the Adena Springs Stud in Aurora Ontario Canada.
 Trichinella is the genus of parasitic roundworms of the phylum Nematoda that cause trichinosis (also known as trichinellosis). Members of this genus are often called trichinella or trichina worms. A characteristic of Nematoda is the one-way digestive tract with a pseudocoelom (body cavity made up of only an ectoderm and endoderm).The genus was first recognised in a larval form in 1835. The L1 larvae live in a modified skeletal muscle cell.
 The Subflava Sedge Borer or Yellow Sedge Borer (Capsula subflava) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia west to British Columbia south to New Jersey in the east and Utah and California in the west.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing in July depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae bore the stems of Typha and Scirpus species.
 Phyllonorycter ololua is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Kenya. The habitat consists of dry highland forest at about 1500 meters with stands of very high trees.The length of the forewings is 3.23 mm. The forewings are golden ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are pale beige with a pale grey fringe. Adults are on wing in late May.
 Rhopalosyrphus is a genus of hoverflies with four known species. The adults flies mimic wasps such as Zethus. The larvae feed as scavengers in the nest of the ants. They are native to from southern United States to northern Argentina.
 The Chilean Woodstar (Eulidia yarrellii) is a small bird in the hummingbird family Trochilidae. It is restricted to northernmost Chile with reports from southern Peru. Its natural habitats are dry shrubland and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss and is classed as an endangered species. It is usually classified in its own genus Eulidia but is sometimes placed with the Purple-collared Woodstar in the genus Myrtis.
 Torrella immersa is a species of an operculate land snail terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.
 Anthidium bechualandicum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Asymphorodes leucoterma is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Lachnocnema angolanus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Ateneria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cancellaria decussata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Amata xanthosoma is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the northern part of Western Australia.The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults are yellow with brown spots.
 Eupithecia subdeverrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Daghestan.
 Lounger (foaled 1794) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1797. Bred and initially trained in Yorkshire he won his last three races as a three-year-old including the St Leger at Doncaster Racecourse. He won a further five races as a four-year-old before being sold and transferred to the south of England where he raced with disappointing results in 1799. He does not appear to have had a stud career.
 Cancelloxus burrelli the Slender platanna-klipfish is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the South African coast from the Orange River to Algoa Bay in South Africa. It can be found from the intertidal zone down to about 20 metres (66 ft). This species can reach a maximum length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL.
 Alaena madibirensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of rocky Brachystegia-clad hills.
 The Arctic wolf (Canis lupus arctos) also known as the Melville Island wolf is a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to the Canadian Arctic Archipelago from Melville Island to Ellesmere Island. It is a medium-sized subspecies distinguished from the northwestern wolf by its smaller size its whiter coloration its narrower braincase and larger carnassials.
 Hartwig's Soft-furred Mouse or Hartwig's Praomys (Praomys hartwigi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Cameroon.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Micropentila galenides is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Cameraria jacintoensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The length of the forewings is 2.8-4.5 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus kelloggii Quercus dumosa Quercus dumosa var. turbinella Quercus dumosa × turbinella californica and Quercus turbinella. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is ovoid. The epidermis is opaque green tan. Mines normally cross the midrib and consume 25%-100% of the leaf surface.
 The treeshrews (or tree shrews or banxrings) are small mammals native to the tropical forests of Southeast Asia. They make up the families Tupaiidae the treeshrews and Ptilocercidae the pen-tailed treeshrews and the entire order Scandentia. There are 20 species in five genera.
 The Brachyceran family Kovalevisargidae is an extinct group of flies known from the Jurassic Daohugou biota of China.
 Trypeta diffluata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Callinectes rathbunae is a species of swimming crab. It occurs in warm coastal waters of Mexico. The species is not used as food but is kept in laboratories for research. Young crabs can range from 17–64 millimetres (0.67–2.52 in) in size. The specific epithet rathbunae commemorates Mary J. Rathbun.
 Bolborhynchus is a genus of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It contains the following species: Andean Parakeet Bolborhynchus orbygnesius Barred Parakeet Bolborhynchus lineola Rufous-fronted Parakeet Bolborhynchus ferrugineifrons
 Knipowitschia montenegrina is a species of freshwater goby Endemic to the Morača River in Montenegro where it prefers shallows and small pools with algae covered gravel substrates. This species can reach a length of 2.8 centimetres (1.1 in) SL.
 Chelisoches morio (also known as the black earwig) is a cosmopolitan earwig in the family Chelisochidae. Black earwigs are active at all times of the day and prefer wet habitats. Adults can grow up to 36 millimetres (1.4 in).
 Michelliana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Diadegma chrysostictum is a wasp first described by Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1790. Its range includes Sweden.No subspecies are listed.
 Deltophora lanceella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the West Indies (Grenada) Guyana and Brazil (Para).The length of the forewings is 5-5.5 mm. The forewings are grey-brown with black markings. Adults have been recorded on wing in January and February.
 Agaraea emendatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by H. Edwards in 1884. It is found in Mexico.
 Eupithecia versiplaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.The forewings are chalk-white and the markings are black. The hindwings are dull grey with traces of darker cross-lines.
 Eudalaca ibex is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Amplicincia lathyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Field in 1950. It is found in Jamaica.The species can be distinguished from other Amplicincia species by the three transverse yellow bands on the upperside of the forewing.
 Calathidius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Calathidius acuminatus Wollaston 1862 Calathidius brevithorax Machado 1992 Calathidius sphodroides Wollaston 1862↑
 Hyposmocoma nemoricola is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Molokai. The type locality is the forest above Pelekunu.
 Sparganopseustis flavicirrata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Pyrops candelaria (Laternaria candelaria and Fulgora candelaria in older literature) is a species of planthopper that lives in Vietnam Hong Kong Laos Thailand and other parts of southeast Asia. It is the type of the genus Pyrops erected by Spinola in 1839. Members of this genus are sometimes called lanternflies. Despite their name lanternflies do not emit light. Like all lanternflies P. candelaria feeds on plant sap (from longan and lychee trees among others).
 Acmaeoderella is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Acmaeoderella adamantina (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella adspersula (Illiger 1803) Acmaeoderella alepidota Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella alesi (Obenberger 1936) Acmaeoderella alfierii Théry 1929 Acmaeoderella andresi (Théry 1929) Acmaeoderella angorana (Obenberger 1940) Acmaeoderella antoinei (Baudon 1956) Acmaeoderella arabica Cobos 1963 Acmaeoderella ballioni (Ganglbauer 1888) Acmaeoderella bolivari (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella brandli Volkovitsh 1981 Acmaeoderella candens Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella canescens (Semenov 1895) Acmaeoderella carolusi Volkovitsh 1989 Acmaeoderella caspica (Ganglbauer 1888) Acmaeoderella cerastes (Abeille de Perrin 1900) Acmaeoderella chobauti (Théry 1930) Acmaeoderella christophi (Obenberger 1935) Acmaeoderella chrysanthemi (Chevrolat 1854) Acmaeoderella chusistanica (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella cinerea Volkovitsh 1982 Acmaeoderella circassica (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella coarctata (Lucas 1846) Acmaeoderella coelestina Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella confusissima Cobos 1966 Acmaeoderella corsica (Obenberger 1922) Acmaeoderella crucifera (Abeille de Perrin 1904) Acmaeoderella cyanipennis (Lucas 1846) Acmaeoderella cypriota (Obenberger) 940a) Acmaeoderella densisquamis (Abeille de Perrin 1904) Acmaeoderella despecta (Baudi di Selve 1870) Acmaeoderella dilatisquamis (Obenberger 1928) Acmaeoderella discoida (Fabricius 1787) Acmaeoderella dlabolai Bílý 1983 Acmaeoderella dsungarica (Obenberger 1918) Acmaeoderella dubia (Ballion 1871) Acmaeoderella elbursi (Obenberger 1924) Acmaeoderella elegans (Harold 1869) Acmaeoderella farinosa (Reiche & Saulcy 1856) Acmaeoderella filiformis (Reitter 1904) Acmaeoderella flavofasciata (Piller & Mitterpacher 1783) Acmaeoderella fossulicollis (Escalera 1914) Acmaeoderella fulvinaeva (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella gianassoi Curletti & Magnani 1988 Acmaeoderella gibbulosa (Ménétriés 1832) Acmaeoderella glasunovi (Semenov 1895) Acmaeoderella hamadanica Volkovitsh 1983 Acmaeoderella henoni (Abeille de Perrin 1893) Acmaeoderella holocyanea Volkovitsh 2006 Acmaeoderella impunctata (Abeille de Perrin 1891) Acmaeoderella inamoena (Faldermann 1835) Acmaeoderella insueta Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella iranica (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella jezeki Bílý 1983 Acmaeoderella jonica (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella judaeorum (Obenberger 1914) Acmaeoderella kubani Volkovitsh 1987 Acmaeoderella lanuginosa (Gyllenhal 1817) Acmaeoderella leucotricha (Obenberger 1940) Acmaeoderella levantina (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella longissima (Abeille de Perrin 1904) Acmaeoderella maculipennis (Pic 1897) Acmaeoderella marcaisi (Descarpentries & Mateu 1967) Acmaeoderella mauritanica (Lucas 1844) Acmaeoderella medvedevi Volkovitsh 2006 Acmaeoderella mimonti (Boieldieu 1865) Acmaeoderella mongolorum Volkovitsh in Alexeev & Volkovitsh 1989 Acmaeoderella moroderi (Reitter 1906) Acmaeoderella muehlei Volkovitsh 1989 Acmaeoderella nannorrhopsicola Volkovitsh & Bílý 1979 Acmaeoderella nigrentis Volkovitsh 1979 Acmaeoderella nivetecta Volkovitsh 1976 Acmaeoderella nivifera (Abeille de Perrin 1894) Acmaeoderella normanna Sparacio 2006 Acmaeoderella oblonga Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella obscura (Reitter 1889) Acmaeoderella olivacea (Abeille de Perrin 1904) Acmaeoderella opacicollis (Abeille de Perrin 1900) Acmaeoderella oresitropha (Obenberger 1924) Acmaeoderella paradoxa (Escalera 1914) Acmaeoderella pellitula (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella perroti (Schaefer 1950) Acmaeoderella personata (Semenov 1896) Acmaeoderella pharao (Obenberger 1923) Acmaeoderella piciella (Obenberger 1926) Acmaeoderella plavilscikovi (Obenberger 1936) Acmaeoderella pseudovirgulata Volkovitsh & Bílý 1979 Acmaeoderella refleximargo (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella repetekensis (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella richteri Volkovitsh 1976 Acmaeoderella rubroornata (Escalera 1914) Acmaeoderella rufomarginata (Lucas 1846) Acmaeoderella safavii Volkovitsh 1981 Acmaeoderella samai Magnani 1995 Acmaeoderella samosicola Volkovitsh 1989 Acmaeoderella sefrensis (Pic 1895) Acmaeoderella semiviolacea (Semenov 1895) Acmaeoderella serricornis (Abeille de Perrin 1900) Acmaeoderella solskyi (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella squamosa (Théry 1914) Acmaeoderella staudingeri (Abeille de Perrin 1900) Acmaeoderella stepaneki (Obenberger 1940) Acmaeoderella strandi (Obenberger 1918) Acmaeoderella stricta (Abeille de Perrin 1895) Acmaeoderella subcyanea (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella syrdarjensis (Obenberger 1934) Acmaeoderella theryana (Abeille de Perrin 1900) Acmaeoderella tragacanthae Volkovitsh 1987 Acmaeoderella trifoveolata (Lucas 1846) Acmaeoderella trinacriae (Obenberger 1923) Acmaeoderella troniceki (Obenberger 1935) Acmaeoderella turanica (Reitter 1890) Acmaeoderella valentinae Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella vaulogeri (Abeille de Perrin 1893) Acmaeoderella vayssieresi Cobos 1984 Acmaeoderella vazquezi Cobos 1966 Acmaeoderella vetusta (Ménétriés 1832) Acmaeoderella villosula (Steven 1830) Acmaeoderella virgulata (Illiger 1803) Acmaeoderella volkovitshi Bílý 1985 Acmaeoderella zarudniana Volkovitsh 1977 Acmaeoderella zeravshanica Volkovitsh 1987 Acmaeoderella zygophylli Curletti & Magnani 1988↑
 Metopocoilus maculicollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1832.
 Ratabulus is a genus of flatheads native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Asarta albarracinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Asarta. It was described by Leraut and Luquet in 1991 and is known from Spain.
 The Botha's Lark (Spizocorys fringillaris) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is endemic to South Africa.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Schizoporella is a genus of bryozoa in the family Schizoporellidae.
 The Helmeted Pygmy Tyrant (Lophotriccus galeatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Arichanna gaschkevitchii or Hyoumonedashaku (ヒョウモンエダシャク) in Japanese is a species of geometrid moth native to Japan and commonly found throughout the country. The adult's wingspan can reach a length of 40–50 millimetres (1.6–2.0 in). This moth will store large amounts of Grayanotoxins from the larval host plant in the body tissue to deter predators.
 Birbalomys is an extinct genus of rodent from Asia.The 30 centimetres (12 in) long creature has been thought to have been a member of the extant gundi family but reconstructions of its physical appearance are highly speculative. Some paleontologists consider Birbalomys to be the most primitive true rodent related to the ancestors of all members of the order Rodentia.
 Brandt's Guiara Euryzygomatomys guiara is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Pitheciinae is a subfamily of the New World monkey family Pitheciidae. It contains three genera and 14 species. Pitheciines are forest dwellers from northern and central South America east of the Andes.They are small to medium sized primates with a stocky build due to their close skin. The skin is covered in shaggy fur its coloring varies depending upon species from black to grey and brown up to white. Parts of the face can be bald.
 Maopingaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Eulepidotis aglae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Guatemala.The wingspan is about 32 mm. The head collar thorax and two basal segments of the abdomen are reddish brown. The abdomen is otherwise dull brown above and grayish brown underneath. The forewings are reddish brown with three steel blue lines running from the costa to the inner margin. The hindwings have a fuscous costal margin up to vein 6 it is otherwise reddish brown except for the base.
 Turrilitoidea is a diverse superfamily of Cretaceous ammonites generally considered as heteromorphic and commonly included in the suborder Ancyloceratina. Shells of this diverse group do not coil planospirally as typical for most ammonites but rather take on a variety of unique forms.
 Euleia fratria is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euleia of the family Tephritidae.
 Brachyleptura fulva is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Crimea and France. The colour of the species is black with orange wings.
 Tacheocampylaea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae the typical snails.
 Agonopterix cadurciella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France.The wingspan is 22–23 mm.
 Pseudodaphnella attenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Melittia aurociliata is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Namibia.
 Paradeudorix petersi Peters’ Fairy Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 †Perdicella maniensis was a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Amydria dyarella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America including Alabama Arkansas Florida Indiana Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Mississippi North Carolina Ohio Texas and West Virginia.
 Mangelia perattenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Heliozela anantia is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Tasmania.
 Ixodes cookei is a species of tick in the genus Ixodes. It is normally a parasite of carnivorans such as raccoons foxes and weasels but has also been recorded on the groundhog (Marmota monax) and the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris). In the northeastern United States it is a vector of Powassan virus.
 Hylomyrma is a genus of ants within the subfamily Myrmicinae. To date it contains 13 known species.
 Taragmarcha is a genus of moth in the family Oecophoridae. The species of this genus are found in Mauritius and La Réunion.
 Carpolestes is a genus of extinct primate-like mammals from the late Paleocene of North America. It first existed around 58 million years ago. The three species of Carpolestes appear to form a lineage with the earliest occurring species C. dubius ancestral to the type species C. nigridens which in turn was ancestral to the most recently occurring species C. simpsoni.
 Gnathothlibus eras is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the eastern Sunda Islands (from Java eastward) Sulawesi the Moluccas the Philippines New Guinea the Solomon Islands Micronesia and eastern Australia.
 The western woolly lemur or western avahi (Avahi occidentalis) is a species of woolly lemur native to western Madagascar where they live in dry deciduous forests. These nocturnal animals weigh 0.7-0.9 kg. It is a folivorous species.The western woolly lemurs live in monogamous pairs together with their offspring.
 Dysschema constans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Brazil.
 Boreocanthon is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Spot-breasted Woodpecker (Colaptes punctigula) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in South America in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Peru Suriname and Venezuela; also eastern Panama of Central America.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Tawny-headed Swallow (Alopochelidon fucata) is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Alopochelidon.[citation needed]It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Falkland Islands Paraguay Peru Uruguay and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
 Thyca ectoconcha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Thyca.
 Divarctia is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae with one species Divarctia diva from Central Asia.
 The bird genus Minla (from minla Nepali for M. ignotincta) of the family Leiothrichidae is commonly used for three most likely unrelated species. The genus is probably best split with only the Red-tailed Minla (M. ignotincta) retained in the proposed monotypic genus.The genus contains the following species: Red-tailed Minla (Minla ignotincta) Bar-throated Minla (Minla strigula) Blue-winged Minla (Minla cyanouroptera)↑
 Eleutherodactylus flavescens is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to the Dominican Republic. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Joffre's Pipistrelle (Hypsugo joffrei) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Burma.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Heliothis acesias is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from north-eastern Nevada and southern Idaho northward to southern Alberta then eastward to southern and eastern Ontario.Adults are on from June to September.
 The Yellow-faced Flameback (Chrysocolaptes xanthocephalus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found on the Philippine Islands of Negros Guimaras Panay Masbate and Ticao. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Greater Flameback.
 Eurycephaloplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Neithea is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusks that lived from the Early Jurassic to the early Paleocene with a worldwide distribution. Neithia sp. are inequivalve. That means that the two valves are not the same shape the right valve being strongly concave and the left valve being flattened or concave. Sculpture consist of alternating strong and weaker radiating ribs.
 Micropentila adelgitha the Common Dots is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ituri). The habitat consists of primary forests.Adults feed from extrafloral nectaries of Marantaceae species.
 The brittle star Ophiocoma wendtii inhabits coral reefs from Bermuda to Brazil. It is known for its advanced compound eyes.Brittle stars have long thin arms emanating from a small disk-shaped body and are about the size of an outstretched human hand. They belong to the phylum of echinoderms which includes sea urchins sea cucumbers and sea stars.
 The East Indian Brown Mabuya (Eutropis multifasciata) also known as Many-lined Sun Skink Many-striped Skink Common Sun Skink or (ambiguously) as golden skink is a species of skink.
 The Littoral Rock Thrush (Monticola imerina) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.
 Inanidrilus gustavsoni is a species of Annelid worm.
 Amaecylius is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Adoxophyes tripselia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.The wingspan is 12–16 mm for males and 16–20 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish. The markings are edged with dark fuscous partially filled with variable fuscous suffusion and more or less marked with brownish-ochreous on the veins. The hindwings are white.
 Microchironomus is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Megapedion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Megapedion lefebvrei (Gounelle 1909) Megapedion sylphis (Bates 1870)↑
 Conus pertusus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Paraplotosus is a genus of catfishes native to Australasia and South-east Asia.
 Taphoxenus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Taphoxenus alatavicus Semenov 1908 Taphoxenus cellarum Adams 1817 Taphoxenus cerberus Ganglbauer 1905 Taphoxenus gigas Fischer von Waldheim 1823 Taphoxenus goliath Faldermann 1836 Taphoxenus hauserianus Casale 1988 Taphoxenus persicus Jedlicka 1952 Taphoxenus transmontanus Semenov 1908 Taphoxenus trochanteratus Emdan 1954↑
 Bahram (1932–1956) was an Irish-bred English-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career which lasted from July 1934 until September 1935 he was undefeated in nine races. The leading British two-year-old of 1934 he went on to take the Triple Crown in 1935 by winning the 2000 Guineas Stakes Epsom Derby and St. Leger Stakes. He was retired to stud at the end of the year.
 Copelatus distinctus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Aubé in 1838.
 Eleutherodactylus quaquaversus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Indoennea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Agriophara colligatella the Olearia Skeletoniser is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Scathophagidae is a small family of Muscoidea which are often known as Dung-flies although this name is not appropriate except for a few species of the genus Scathophaga which do indeed pass their larval stages in animal dung. The name probably derives from the Common Yellow Dung-fly S. stercoraria which is one of the most abundant and ubiquitous flies in many parts of the northern hemisphere.
 Scopula hackeri is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Yemen.
 Microvoluta australis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Atractomorpha is a genus in the Pyrgomorphidae a family of grasshoppers.
 Ittibittium oryza is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Oxycarenus is a genus of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae subfamily Oxycareninae. There are approximately fifty-five described species of Oxycarenus and a number are documented as important crop pests.
 The Rhesus Skipper or Plains Gray Skipper (Polites rhesus) is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Texas to North Dakota as far north but infrequently as Saskatchewan and Alberta.The wingspan is 25–30 mm.There is one generation in May and June.The larvae feed on grasses including Blue Grama (Bouteloua gracilis).
 Trichoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudotocinclus is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Calluella yunnanensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in China Vietnam possibly Laos and possibly Myanmar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land rural gardens water storage areas ponds aquaculture ponds and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The greater cane rat (Thryonomys swinderianus) is one of two species of cane rats a small family of African hystricognath rodents. The cane rat lives by reed-beds and riverbanks in Sub-Saharan Africa. Cane rats can grow to nearly 2 ft (0.61 m) in length and weigh a little less than 19 lb (8.6 kg). It has rounded ears a short nose and coarse bristly hair. Its forefeet are smaller than its hind feet each with three toes.Cane rats live in small groups led by a single male.
 Emuelloidae are a small superfamily of trilobites a group of extinct marine arthropods that lived during the late Lower Cambrian (late Botomian) of the East Gondwana supercontinent in what are today South-Australia and Antarctica. Emuelloidea can be recognized by having a prothorax consisting of 3 or 6 segments the most backward one of which is carrying very large trailing spines. Behind it is the so-called opistothorax.
 Coptotriche citrinipennella is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Clemens in 1859. It is found in Nova Scotia Ontario Quebec Arkansas the District of Columbia Indiana Kentucky Massachusetts Missouri New Jersey New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Virginia and West Virginia.The larvae feed on Castanea dentata Quercus coccinea Quercus ilicifolia Quercus imbricaria Quercus marilandica Quercus palustris Quercus phellos and Quercus rubra.
 Eastern Fleet was an American Thoroughbred racehorse foaled on May 14 1968. Bred by Calumet Farm and E. B. Benjamin he was sired by Fleet Nasrullah and was a grandson of Nasrullah. He was out of a Bull Lea mare Amoret. Eastern Fleet is best remembered for winning the grade 1 Florida Derby and finishing second in the $200000 grade 1 Preakness Stakes to Canonero II.
 Chondrocladia lyra also known as the lyre sponge or harp sponge is a species of carnivorous deep-sea sponge first discovered off the Californian coast living at depths of 10800–11500 feet (3300–3500 m) by Welton L. Lee Henry M Reiswig William C.
 Stenurella bifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Pusillina testudae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Lissotesta liratula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Badjcinus (from the Wanyi Aboriginal language badj 'expert hunter' and Ancient Greek kynos 'dog') was an animal that belonged to the recently extinct Marsupial family Thylacinidae; the last living Thylacine (of the species Thylacinus cynocephalus) died in 1936. The sole species is Badjcinus turnbulli.Phylogenetic analysis shows that thylacines are a clade which does not include the dasyurids.
 The Campo Miner (Geositta poeciloptera) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitat is dry savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Retz's Helmetshrike (Prionops retzii) is a species of bird in the helmetshrike family Prionopidae formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 The superfamily Limacinoidea is a taxonomic group of small floating sea snails pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.
 Melanophryniscus simplex is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers intermittent freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Postplatyptilia sandraella is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Bolivia and Paraguay.The wingspan is 12-14 mm. Adults are on wing in January.
 Glyphostoma pustulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Hypolycaena kadiskos the Scarce Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana southern Nigeria Cameroon Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Pteropurpura falcata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Charitoprepes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Porthecla ravus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Amazon Basin and southern Brazil.The length of the forewings is 14.5 mm for males and 13.6 mm for females. Adults are on wing year-round. They feed on the nectar of Cordia schomburgkii.
 Taeneremina is a genus of moths in the Noctuidae family. It contains only one species Taeneremina scripta which is found in Taiwan.
 Epicrocis vicinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by de Joannis in 1927. It is found in Mozambique.
 Phylloxiphia bicolor is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from forests from Sierra Leone to the Congo and Angola.
 Sarcophaga africa (Sarcophaga (Bercaea) africa) is a species of fly belonging to the family Sarcophagidae the flesh-flies. It is the best known species in its genus. S. africa feeds on living and dead tissue including snails and other decomposing matter and feces.S. africa is a synanthropic species known to cause myiasis in humans and livestock. The species is considered useful in forensic entomology due to this quality. S.
 Crisilla is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 Arivaca pimella is a species of snout moth. It is found in southern Arizona.The length of the forewings is about 13 mm. The forewings are sprinkled with brown and white anterior to the cell. The cell is brownish white. The hindwings are light brown in females and somewhat darker in males.
 Fanfreluche (1967–1999) was a Canadian-bred Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. She was named by her French Canadian owner Jean-Louis Levesque for the title character of a popular children's television show on the French-language division of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Successfully raced in Canada as a two-year-old at age three Fanfreluche's performances in both Canada and the United States earned her the Sovereign Award for Canadian Horse of the Year.
 Arch Hall (foaled 2001 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his three consecutive wins in the Sir Barton Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto Ontario. Owned and bred by Eugene Melnyk he was out of the mare Selena Smile and sired by Archers Bay the grandson of Leading sire in North America Deputy Minister.
 Sathria is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Carolynn's Copper (Aloeides carolynnae) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa.The wingspan is 23–28 mm for males and 25–33 mm females. Adults are on wing from September to November and again from January to March in two generations per year.The larvae probably feed on Aspalathus species.
 The fin whale (Balaenoptera physalus) also called the finback whale razorback or common rorqual is a marine mammal belonging to the suborder of baleen whales. It is the second longest animal in the world and second largest rorqual after the blue whale growing to 27.3 metres (89.5 ft) long and weighing nearly 74 tonnes (73 long tons; 82 short tons). The American naturalist Roy Chapman Andrews called the fin whale the greyhound of the sea...
 Aethes bomonana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida Indiana Louisiana and Ohio.The wingspan is 16-22 mm. The forewings are dirty white with ochreous-red and reddish-brown spots. The hindwings are dark purplish-grey. Adults have been recorded on wing between February and September.
 Lineatriton orchimelas is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nephropsis atlantica sometimes called the scarlet lobsterette or scarlet clawed lobster is a species of lobster from the Atlantic Ocean.
 Nippia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Ammatucha piti is a species of snout moths in the genus Ammatucha. It was described by Roesler in 1983 and is known from Sumatra.
 Argosarchus horridus or the New Zealand giant stick insect is a stick insect of the family Phasmatidae endemic to New Zealand and the only member of its genus. Their body-length up to 15 cm is the longest of any New Zealand insect.
 Symphlebia abdominalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Brazil.
 The Curve-lined Owlet (Phyprosopus callitrichoides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New Hampshire to Florida west to Montana and Texas.The wingspan is 28-35 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on greenbrier species (see Smilax).
 The Cajamarca oldfield mouse (Thomasomys praetor) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is present in the Andes of northwestern Peru where its habitats include shrubby páramo montane forest and secondary forest. The rodent is nocturnal and may be partly arboreal. It was formerly considered a subspecies of T. aureus. The common name comes from the Peruvian city and region of Cajamarca.
 Eurygaster is a genus of shield bugs wide spread in Eurasia; some in North America.
 Tarachodes sanctus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Eois apyraria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Ringed China-mark (Parapoynx stratiotata) is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 20–24 mm for the males and 28–30 mm for the females. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Nymphaea alba Potamogeton Callitriche Ceratophyllum demersum Elodea canadensis Nuphar lutea and Stratiotes.
 Aeolosma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Kleinella ceylanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gnopheroides pearsoni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Gnopheroides.
 Plesiocystiscus variegatus is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Psycharium is a genus of moth in the Somabrachyidae family.
 Commatica is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Uberella denticulifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Black-throated Mango (Anthracothorax nigricollis) is a mainly South American hummingbird species.
 Colombophis (snake of Colombia in Greek) is an extinct genus of snakes of the clade Alethinophidia a group of primitive snakes. The genus was first recognized in the formation Villavieja in the town of Los Mangos part of the known fossil fauna of La Venta in the department of Huila (Colombia) in the middle Miocene. With the remains of a fossil snake was erected the species Colombophis portai in 1977 based on forty fragmentary vertebrae.
 Deuterocopus alopecodes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. The head and thorax are ferruginous sprinkled with dark fuscous although the latter is whitish-yellow beneath. The antennae are black lined and dotted with white. The forewings are ferruginous variably irrorated with dark fuscous.
 The fallfish Semotilus corporalis is a freshwater fish a chub in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in the northeastern United States and eastern Canada where it inhabits streams rivers and lake margins. It is fished as a game fish but opinions vary as to its palatability. As far as a game fish goes it does put up a good fight. The fallfish tends to be very slimy when held.
 Olivella fletcherae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 The Yucca Moth (Tegeticula yuccasella) is a moth of the family Prodoxidae. The species can be found in North America from Texas to southern Canada.The wingspan is 18-27 mm. The forewings are wide and blunt usually white but occasionally with more or less tan. The hindwings are medium to light brownish grey.The larvae feed on Yucca filamentosa Yucca smalliana Yucca flaccida Yucca glauca Yucca arkansana Yucca constricta Yucca rupicola Yucca pallida Yucca reverchoni and Yucca aloifolia.
 Sasunaga tenebrosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indian subregion to Sundaland the Philippines and Sulawesi.The larvae feed on Ventilago species.
 The Atlantic sharpnose shark Rhizoprionodon terraenovae is a requiem shark family Carcharhinidae found in the subtropical waters of the northwestern Atlantic Ocean between latitudes 43° N and 18° N
 Lampyris noctiluca the common glow-worm of Europe (see also glowworm) is a firefly species of the genus Lampyris. These are beetles as evidenced by the hard cases which close over the wings when they are not in use.Lampyris noctiluca presents a conspicuous sexual dimorphism.
 Maronia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Kaibab squirrel (Sciurus aberti kaibabensis) is a tassel-eared squirrel that lives in the Kaibab Plateau in the Southwest United States in an area of 20 by 40 miles (30 by 60 km). The squirrel's habitat is confined entirely to the ponderosa pine forests of the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park and the northern section of Kaibab National Forest around the town of Jacob Lake Arizona.
 Gorgoleptis spiralis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Stenocrepis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Stenocrepis aeruginea (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Stenocrepis angustipennis Chaudoir in Oberthür 1883 Stenocrepis cayennensis (Buquet 1834) Stenocrepis cuprea (Chaudoir 1843) Stenocrepis duodecimstriata (Chevrolat 1835) Stenocrepis elegans (Leconte 1851) Stenocrepis flavicrus (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Stenocrepis fuscipes (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Stenocrepis gilvipes Chaudoir in Oberthür 1883 Stenocrepis gratiosa (Bates 1882) Stenocrepis guerini Chaudoir In Oberthür 1883 Stenocrepis insulana (Jacquelin Du Val 1857) Stenocrepis laevigata (Dejean 1831) Stenocrepis leprieurii (Buquet 1834) Stenocrepis marginella (Perty 1830) Stenocrepis metallica (Dejean 1826) Stenocrepis mexicana (Chevrolat 1835) Stenocrepis nigricornis (Laferte-Senectere 1851) Stenocrepis olivacea (Bates 1878) Stenocrepis pallipes (Brulle 1838) Stenocrepis palustris Darlington 1935 Stenocrepis pauper Chaudoir 1857 Stenocrepis punctatostriata (Brulle 1838) Stenocrepis quatuordecimsulcata Emden 1949 Stenocrepis robusta (Brulle 1838) Stenocrepis sahlbergii Chaudoir 1857 Stenocrepis sinuata Chaudoir in Oberthür 1883 Stenocrepis subdepressa Darlington 1934 Stenocrepis tibialis (Chevrolat 1834) Stenocrepis triaria Chaudoir in Oberthür 1883 Stenocrepis viridula Chaudoir 1857↑
 The Interrupted Dagger Moth (Acronicta interrupta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across southern Canada south of the Boreal forest from New Brunswick west to eastern Alberta south to Georgia Nebraska and Arizona.The wingspan is 35–42 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August or September depending on the location.
 Ascalenia albitergis is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Timbellus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Corcyranillus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Corcyranillus abnormis (J.R. Sahlberg 1900) Corcyranillus menozzii (Schatzmayr 1936)↑
 Common names: Bourret's pitviper.Trimeresurus jerdonii bourreti is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to Vietnam.
 The paramo oldfield mouse (Thomasomys paramorum) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in Ecuador.
 Urophora flexuosa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Kubaryiellus kubaryi is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Garra manipurensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Neopalame is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Neopalame albida Monné 1985 Neopalame albomaculata Monné & Martins 1976 Neopalame atromaculata Monné & Martins 1976 Neopalame cretata Monné & Delfino 1980 Neopalame deludens Monné 1985 Neopalame digna (Melzer 1935)↑
 Elachista alacera is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Muramotoceras was an unusual genus of heteromorphic ammonite. It was known only from Japan until researchers reported in 2001 that the genus was present in Alaska's Matanuska Formation as well. Its remains likely date to the middle Turonian in both areas.
 The Antillean ghost-faced bat (Mormoops blainvillei) is a species of bat in the Mormoopidae family. It is found in Cuba the Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Puerto Rico.
 Coleophora glymma is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.The larvae feed on Suaeda confusa. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Soldier of Fortune (foaled February 20 2004 in Ireland) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2007 Group One Irish Derby Stakes as well as important races in France and who in 2008 won the Group One Coronation Cup.Soldier of Fortune was sired by Galileo who also sired New Approach Epsom Derby winner in 2008 Lush Lashes Coronation Stakes winner in 2008 and Red Rocks Breeders' Cup Turf winner in 2006.In 2007 Soldier of Fortune won the Irish Derby beating Epsom Derby winner Authorized.
 The Western Pineshoot Borer (Eucosma sonomana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in western North America.The wingspan is 16-22 mm. Adults are on wing for two to three months during the spring. There is one generation per year.Larvae feed on pine species and is considered a pest on Pinus ponderosa. They mine the pith of terminal shoots.
 Elachista canariella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.
 Notiobia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Notiobia angustula (Chaudoir 1878) Notiobia aulica Dejean 1829 Notiobia bamboutensis (Basilewsky 1948) Notiobia curlettii Facchini 2003 Notiobia dampierii (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia denisonensis (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia diffusa (Klug 1833) Notiobia dohrnii (Murray 1858) Notiobia edwardsii (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia elgonensis (Basilewsky 1948) Notiobia feana (Basilewsky 1949) Notiobia flavipalpis (Macleay 1864) Notiobia germari (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia inaequalipennis (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia iridipennis (Chaudoir 1843) Notiobia kinolae (Basilewsky 1976) Notiobia kivuensis (Burgeon 1936) Notiobia lapeyrousei (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia laticollis (Macleay 1888) Notiobia leonensis (Basilewsky 1949) Notiobia lucidicollis (Dejean 1829) Notiobia melanaria (Dejean 1829) Notiobia nigrans (Macleay 1888) Notiobia nitidipennis (Leconte 1848) Notiobia oblongiuscula (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia ovata (Chaudoir 1878) Notiobia patrueloides (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia perater (Sloane 1920) Notiobia picina (Chaudoir 1878) Notiobia planiuscula (Chaudoir 1878) Notiobia planoimpressa (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia polita (Macleay 1888) Notiobia pujoli (Basilewsky 1968) Notiobia quadricollis (Chaudoir 1878) Notiobia rectangula (Chaudoir 1878) Notiobia rugosipennis (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia ruwenzorica (Burgeon 1936) Notiobia sanctithomae (A.Serrano 1995) Notiobia sculptipennis (Castelnau 1867) Notiobia sericipennis (Macleay 1888) Notiobia smithii (Murray 1858) Notiobia tagliaferrii Facchini 2003 Notiobia terminata (Say 1823) Notiobia uluguruana (Basilewsky 1962) Notiobia viridipennis (Sloane 1920) ↑
 Orthogonius angustus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 Cyclidia substigmaria is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan China India and Japan.The wingspan is 55–65 mm.The larvae are gregarious and specialist herbivores on Alangium species.
 Viidaleppia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rhinelepini is a tribe of armored suckermouth catfish family within the Hypostominae subfamily.
 Schizothorax heterochilus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Austroharpa loisae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Aenigma is a South African spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with only one described species A. incognita.
 The Vulture sand eel (Ichthyapus vulturis) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Max Carl Wilhelm Weber and Lieven Ferdinand de Beaufort in 1916.
 Wiseana jocosa is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae. It was described by Meyrick in 1912 and is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 34–38 mm for males and 44–55 mm for females. The colour of the forewings varies but is usually dark brown. Adults are on wing from October to January.
 Evergestis pechi is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain on Malta and North Africa including Algeria.The wingspan is 30–31 mm. The forewings are greyish olive-brown with white lines and spots. The hindwings are grey with darkly dusted veins and a broad darker margin.
 Cryptomyelois irmhilda is a species of snout moths in the genus Cryptomyelois. It was described by Roesler and Küppers in 1979 and is known from northern Sumatra.
 Hemeroplanes diffusa is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
 The Cyclopygidae comprise a family of trilobites that is confined to the Ordovician. Cyclopygids had an extratropical distribution and there is evidence that they lived in darker parts of the water column (around 175m deep). Cyclopygids are characterized by enlarged eyes with a wide angle of view both horizontal and vertical reminiscent of the eyes of dragonflies. These typically touch the glabella directly on the side.
 Austrochaperina rivularis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Rhosus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Wing-barred Piprites (Piprites chloris) is a species of bird which traditionally has placed in the Pipridae family although it remains unclear if this is correct. It is therefore considered incertae sedis by recent authorities such as SACC.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hermeuptychia atalanta is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Butler in 1867. It is found in Venezuela.
 Sagda epistylioides is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
 Opostega scoliozona is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is known from Queensland Australia.
 Bucculatrix polymniae is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Kentucky and Ohio.The wingspan is about 6-7 mm. The forewings are brown darkest brown between the silvery streaks. The hindwings are grey. Adults have been recorded on wing from March to April and from July to September in three generations per year.The larvae feed on Polymnia uvedalia. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Tischeria urticicolella is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.The larvae feed on Laportea podocarpa. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Typhlodromus vulgaris is a species of predatory mite belonging to the family Phytoseiidae. This is a very small species the female only reaching a length of 360 μm and the male even smaller at 260 μm. The body is oval white or grey sometimes with a pinkish tinge. It can be distinguished from its congeners by the large number (10 pairs) of setae on the lateral part of the dorsal surface and by the distinctive spatulate setae on the fourth pair of legs.
 Aquilex diabolicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Aquilex.
 Scopula ansulata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Central Asia.
 The Guatemalan Cracker or Guatemalan Calico (Hamadryas guatemalena) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Southern North America ranging to Central South America.The wingspan is 76–98 mm. The butterfly flies year round in the tropical parts of its range and in August in the temperate part of its range.The larvae feed on Euphorbiaceae species. The adults feed on juices from rotting fruit and animal faeces.
 Nycteribiidae of the true fly superfamily Hippoboscoidea are known as bat flies together with their close relatives the Streblidae. As the latter do not seem to be a monophyletic group it is conceivable to unite all bat flies in a single family.They are flattened spiderlike flies without eyes or wings and are seldom encountered by general collectors as they almost never leave the bodies of their hosts. Both males and females take blood meals thus they qualify as real parasites.
 Otites bivittata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Tephritidae.
 Ferrissia tanganyicensis is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet an aquatic gastropod in the family Planorbidae.
 Hoenselaaria wareni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This is the only species known to exist within the genus Hoenselaaria.
 The Schalow's Turaco (Tauraco schalowi) is a frugivorous bird in the Musophagidae family. It is named after Herman Schalow. Mature birds have on average the longest crests of any turaco species.It occurs in the forested uplands and wooded inland plateaus of south central Africa.
 Sternotomis itzingeri is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Conus parius is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Transita is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Microsynodontis nannoculus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Equatorial Guinea where it occurs in the Kyé River. This species grows to a length of 3.91 centimetres (1.54 in) SL.
 Ondina modiola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Orania serotina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eugoa apexinigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in western Malaysia and Thailand.
 Fueguina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eumerus sogdianus is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Diploctena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Xanthorhoe.
 The Taveta Weaver (Ploceus castaneiceps) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. The name of the bird comes from the unique markings/coloration of the bird as well as how these birds weave intricate nests.
 The Eight-banded Butterflyfish or eightband butterflyfish (Chaetodon octofasciatus) is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the Indo- west Pacific region from Indonesia and the Philippines via Papua New Guinea and the Great Barrier Reef to the Solomon Islands Palau and north to China; it extends into the Indian Ocean at least to the Maldives India and Sri Lanka.This small butterflyfish grows to a maximum of 12 cm long (nearly 5 in).
 Ganyra howarthi Howarth's White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found along the coast in the southern half of Baja California and Sonora in Mexico. It is also found in extreme southern Arizona. The habitat consists of thorn forests and desert scrubs.The wingspan is 45–48 mm (1.8–1.9 in). The upperside is white. The forewing has black wedges at the apex and outer margins and a black cell spot. The female forewing markings are more diffuse with additional postmedian black spots.
 Lymnaea meridensis is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.This species appears to be endemic to very high altitudes.This species belong to the Galba/Fossaria group therefore this species should be named Galba meridensis. cf.
 The western skink (Plestiodon skiltonianus) is a species of small smooth-scaled lizard with relatively small limbs. It measures about 100 to 210 mm (about 4 to 8.25 inches) in total length (body + tail). It is one of five species of lizards in Canada. Western skinks are very adaptable. They spend much of their day basking in the sun. Their diet ranges widely including spiders and beetles.
 Camptostroma roddyi is an extinct echinoderm from the Bonnia-Olenellus Zone the Early Cambrian Kinzers Formation near York and Lancaster Southeastern Pennsylvania. In life it would have resembled a cupcake with the axial skeleton forming a star pattern on the upper surface.
 Ta Wee (1966–1980) was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame race horse.
 Rhodeus pseudosericeus is a temperate freshwater fish belonging to the Acheilognathinae sub-family of the Cyprinidae family. It originates in the Namhan River system in the Gyeonggi-do and Gangwon-do provinces of Korea. It was originally described as Acanthorhodeus atremius by Jordan & Thompson in 1914. The fish reaches a size of up to 6.1 centimetres (2.4 in).When spawning the females deposit their eggs inside bivalves where they hatch and the young remain until they can swim.
 Amblyscirtes phylace (the Orange-headed Roadside-Skipper or Red-headed Roadside Skipper) is a species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Colorado New Mexico Arizona and western Texas to Mexico.Its wingspan is 22–29 millimetres (0.87–1.14 in). Adults feed on flower nectar.
 Cappsia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Pastrana in 1953 and contains the species C. bourquini. It is found in Argentina.
 Trichoplusia lectula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found throughout Asia including the Indian subregion Thailand Borneo Java Japan as well as Western Australia and Queensland.Adults have dark reddish brown forewings each with a pattern including a prominent cream line extending from near the base to near the tornus. The hind wings are pale brown fading to cream at the base.The larvae feed on Mentha species.
 Neopataecus waterhousii the Whiskered prowfish is a species of Australian prowfish endemic to the coastal waters of southern Australia. This species grows to a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Xylota segnis is a common European species of hoverfly.
 The Georgetown salamander (Eurycea naufragia) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to springs near Georgetown Texas United States.Its natural habitats are freshwater springs and inland karsts.It is threatened by habitat loss. Many of the springs where this species formerly lived have been destroyed by development.
 The Red-bellied short-necked turtle or Jardine River turtle (Emydura subglobosa) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is found in Australia and Papua New Guinea. Majority of the time it is around shallow muddy areas of water. Its cranial anatomy embryogenesis and skeletogenesis are well known.
 Illex commonly known as shortfin squids is a squid genus in the family Ommastrephidae and the only member of the subfamily Illicinae. It contains four species: Illex argentinus Argentine shortfin squid Illex coindetii southern shortfin squid Illex illecebrosus northern shortfin squid Illex oxygonius sharptail shortfin squid↑ ↑
 Nototeredo is a genus of ship-worms marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae.
 Holcocera digesta is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Tachina terminalis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Europe.
 Chironomus is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Megalopygidae is the technical name of a group of insect species known generally as crinkled flannel moths or simply Flannel Moths. They occur in North America (11 species) and the New World tropics. The larvae are called Puss Caterpillars and with their long hairs resemble cotton balls. They have venomous spines that can cause a painful sting and inflammation lasting for several days. In some cases the sting may cause headache nausea and shock-like symptoms.
 The Dusky Moorhen (Gallinula tenebrosa) is a bird in the rail family. It occurs in Australia New Guinea and Indonesia.The New Guinea birds are smaller at 25–32 cm in length than the Australian race (35–40 cm 55–65 cm wingspan). In Indonesia this species is declining because of competition from the closely related Common Moorhen on the islands where both birds occur.The adult Dusky Moorhen is mainly dark grey-black with a browner tinge to the upper parts.
 Conus kintoki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Eudonia zophochlora is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Molokai.
 Mangelia sagena is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Macrodontia cervicornis (Linnaeus 1758) is one of the largest beetles with known specimens exceeding 17 cm in length. Part of this length is due to the enormous mandibles from which it derives both of the names in its binomen: Macrodontia means long tooth and cervicornis means deer antler. (Average male length: 13 to 14 cm. Average female length: 10 to 11 cm. Maximum length: 16.5 cm).
 Latirus abnormis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Hapleginella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Gonatus onyx also known as the clawed armhook squid or black-eyed squid is a squid in the family Gonatidae. It occurs in the northern Pacific Ocean from Japan to California.G. onyx grows to 18 cm in mantle length.The type specimen was collected off California and is deposited at the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History.
 Abroscopus is a small genus of warbler in the family Cettiidae formerly included in the Sylviidae.It contains the following three species: Rufous-faced Warbler Abroscopus albogularis Black-faced Warbler Abroscopus schisticeps Yellow-bellied Warbler Abroscopus superciliaris
 Ceratomia igualana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico to Costa Rica. Only a small number has been caught and not much is known about the biology of this species.The wingspan is 51-56 mm for males and about 65 mm for females.
 Cibyra trilinearis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Colombia.
 Parapolycesta cobosi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Parapolycesta.
 Bipunctiphorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 The Patagonian chinchilla mouse (Euneomys chinchilloides) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in Tierra del Fuego and neighboring areas of southernmost Argentina and Chile.
 Ambulyx sericeipennis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from northern Pakistan and northern India eastwards across Nepal Sikkim Bhutan Myanmar Thailand Laos Cambodia and Vietnam to central and southern China and Taiwan.The wingspan is 95–124 mm.
 Gazoryctra fuscoargenteus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found from northern Scandinavia to Siberia and the Kamchatka Peninsula.The wingspan is 37–42 mm for males and 39–50 mm for females. Adults are on wing from the end of July to the beginning of August.The larvae feed on Betula nana.
 Hulitherium tomasetti (meaning Huli beast after the Huli people) is an extinct zygomaturid marsupial from New Guinea during the Pleistocene. The species name honours Bernard Tomasetti who brought the fossils to the attention of experts.
 Lachnocnema vuattouxi the Western Woolly Legs is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Burkina Faso Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria from Cameroon to Uganda Kenya and northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of open areas in Guinea savanna and open areas in the vicinity of forests including degraded agricultural lands.
 Scamboneura is a genus of true crane fly.
 Epicrocis sacculata is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Diploria clivosa the knobby brain coral is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Faviidae. It occurs in shallow water in the West Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea.
 Haplochromis longirostris is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may now be extinct. This species can reach a length of 14.5 centimetres (5.7 in) SL.
 Flat-headed loach (Oreonectes platycephalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.
 The Río Orinoco Spinetail (Synallaxis beverlyae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It's found from river island scrub in the lower and middle sections of the main channel of the Río Orinoco in Venezuela and adjacent Colombia.
 Dichromia legrosi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in La Réunion.A hostplant of this species is an Urticaceae species: Bohemeria sp..
 Atelocentra is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cerithiopsis gemmulosa is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. It was described by C. B. Adams in 1850.
 Electroatopos castaneus is an extinct species of ant-like stone beetle described in 2010 and the only species in the genus Electroatopos. It existed in what is now Myanmar during the Middle Cretaceous period.
 Great Windmill (Byasa dasarada) is a butterfly found in India that belongs to the Windmills genus Byasa comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.
 Thecobathra is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Pheidole branstetteri has been discovered and described by Longino J. T. in 2009.
 Micropentila triangularis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 The Lord Howe Thrush (Turdus poliocephalus vinitinctus) also known as Vinous-tinted Thrush or Vinous-tinted blackbird is an extinct subspecies of the Island Thrush (Turdus poliocephalus). It was endemic to Lord Howe Island an Australian island in the Tasman Sea where it was also called the Doctor Bird or Ouzel by the islanders. It had a length of 22.9 cm. The head was olive brown. The upperparts were chestnut brown. Wings and tail were dark brown.
 Chloritis gruneri is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.
 Cosmosoma juanita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumoegen in 1894. It is found on Cuba.
 Eudjakonovia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Lomographa.
 Wilson's Indigobird or Pale-winged Indigobird (Vidua wilsoni) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Nigeria Senegal Sudan and Togo.
 Tyrrheniella josephi is a species of land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Italy.
 Enoplocerus is a monotypic genus of longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Prioninae subfamily.
 The Rufous-crowned Greenlet (Hylophilus poicilotis) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family the vireos. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay; also southern regions of the Pantanal surrounding the Paraguay River.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Argentochiloides is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Scotorythra euryphaea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Maui.The larvae probably feed on Metrosideros species.
 Polytremariidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
 The severum Heros severus (previously known as Cichlasoma severum) is a freshwater tropical cichlid native to the Amazon region in South America. It is rarely found in the aquarium trade. The fish commonly found in the Aquarium trade is not the Heros severus but the more common Heros efasciatus Hybrids between the two are possible but unlikely because of different breeding behaviors with Heros Severus being a Mouth Brooding Cichlid.
 Cosmopterix delicatella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from North Carolina but is possibly more widespread.
 The Burmese krait or splendid krait (Bungarus magnimaculatus) is a species of krait in the family Elapidae. It is endemic to Myanmar (Burma).
 Common names: slender hognosed pitviper western hog-nosed viper.Porthidium ophryomegas is a venomous pitviper species found in Central America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Busseola fusca is a species of moth that is also known as the maize stalk borer. It is known from Ethiopia.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are pale brown.The larvae feed on various grasses as well as Zea mays Sorghum and Saccharum species.
 Stenocodia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Blue-chinned Sapphire (Chlorestes notatus) is a hummingbird that breeds from Colombia south and east to the Guianas Trinidad Peru and Brazil. There have been occasional records from Tobago. For Brazil the species' range is along the main Amazon River Basin as well as the coastal Atlantic Ocean both in the northeast as well as far south on the southeast coastal strip (an entire coastal strip north-east-south of about 3000 km).
 Serjeant (1781 – after 1787) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from spring 1784 to autumn 1787 he ran sixteen times and won eight races. In 1784 he won the fifth Epsom Derby the first running of the race under its current name and distance. He stayed in training for a further three seasons winning several important races at Newmarket but disappeared from official records after his retirement from racing and does not appear to have been found a place at stud.
 Hypercompe mielkei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Amamibalcis yessonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Pachodynerus carpenteri is a potter wasp classified in the family Vespidae subfamily Eumeninae native to Mexico Colombia and Venezuela.
 Arhytinus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Arhytinus bembidioides Bates 1889 Arhytinus granum Darlington 1952 Arhytinus irideus Jedlicka 1936 Arhytinus lieftincki Louwerens 1951 Arhytinus major Darlington 1952 Arhytinus medius Darlington 1952 Arhytinus minimus Jedlicka 1936 Arhytinus philippinus Jedlicka 1936 Arhytinus piceus Jedlicka 1936↑
 Pheia utica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1889. It is found in Mexico and Panama.
 Pseudolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Migmacastor is an extinct member of the beaver family Castoridae known from a single species Migmacastor procumbodens. Only a single specimen has been reported a skull from the late Oligocene or early Miocene of Nebraska. Features of the incisor teeth of Migmacastor indicate they were used to dig. Other extinct beavers including the better-known Palaeocastor were also fossorial (digging) but Migmacastor may have become a burrower independently.
 Telmatogeton is a genus of midges in the non-biting midge family (Chironomidae).
 Dugesia arcadia is a species of freshwater dugesiid found in northern Peloponnese Greece.The specific name arcadia refers to the district Arcadia on the Peloponnese.
 Eumetriochroa is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Elachista festucicolella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Sweden to the Alps and from Switzerland to Ukraine and Bulgaria.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in). Adults are on wing from late May to early July.The larvae feed on Festuca ovina and Festuca rupicola. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Lucapinella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The Stone Curlew Eurasian Thick-knee or Eurasian Stone-curlew (Burhinus oedicnemus) is a northern species of the Burhinidae (stone-curlew) bird family.It is a fairly large wader though is mid-sized by the standards of its family. Length ranges from 38 to 46 cm (15 to 18 in) wingspan from 76 to 88 cm (30 to 35 in) and weight from 290 to 535 g (10.2 to 18.9 oz).
 Josiomorphoides dognini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Western Citril (Serinus frontalis) also known as the Yellow-browed Citril is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It is found in central Africa.
 Mordellistena neuwaldeggiana is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Georg Wolfgang Franz Panzer in 1796.
 Coleophora eurasiatica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Hungary southern Russia China and Korea. It occurs in steppe biotopes.Adults are on wing in June.The larvae feed on the leaves of Kochia proslata.
 Elachista flavescens is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Russia Greece and Turkey.
 The Long-tailed Minivet (Pericrocotus ethologus) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is found in southern and south-eastern Asia where it occurs in Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Margina is a moth genus in the family Arctiidae.
 Malgassesia rufithorax is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Theretra acuta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines and Indonesia.
 Plotosaurus (swimmer lizard) is an extinct genus of mosasaur from the Upper Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) of Fresno County California. Originally named Kolposaurus (meaning bay lizard) by Berkeley paleontologist Charles Lewis Camp in 1942 it was changed to Plotosaurus in 1951 when Camp discovered the name had already been assigned to a type of nothosaur.
 The Yellow-bellied Sunbird-Asity (Neodrepanis hypoxantha) is a small species of bird from the asity family. The species is endemic to montane forest above 1600 m on the island of Madagascar. The species is sometimes known simply as the Yellow-bellied Asity. The plumage of male Yellow-bellied Sunbird-asities is very bright with clean yellow undersides and dark black upper sides with an iridescent blue sheen; the females are duller.
 Xapamopa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. It consists of only one species Xapamopa oxapampa which is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ochreous cream reticulated with brown. The markings are brown with ochreous spots. The hindwings are pale ochreous reticulate brownish posteriorly.
 Erikssonia acraeina is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was long thought to be monotypic within the genus Erikssonia.
 The La Plata dolphin or Franciscana (Pontoporia blainvillei) is found in coastal Atlantic waters of southeastern South America. It is a member of the river dolphin group and the only one that actually lives in the ocean and saltwater estuaries rather than inhabiting exclusively freshwater systems.
 Pseudocatharylla albiceps is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Merrifieldia deprinsi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Asia Minor.The wingspan is about 21 millimetres (0.83 in). The forewings and hindwings are cream white. The fringes are whitish.Adults have been recorded in August.
 Gnathocolumna is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. It consists of only one species Gnathocolumna asymmetra which is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream brown but paler posteriorly. The suffusions strigulae and venation in the posterior half of the wing are brownish and the markings are greyish-brown. The hindwings are dirty cream with grey-brown strigulation.
 Pseudocampylaea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Alexotypa caradjai is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1989. It is found in China.
 Meloidogyne naasi (Barley root-knot nematode Cereal root-knot nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode and also an invasive species. The nematode occurs as the primary root-knot pathogen on golf courses and turf in the Northeast United States although it is unclear as to whether the pathogen is native or introduced.
 Hyposmocoma continuella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet.
 Xyroptila peltastes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 The chinspot batis (Batis molitor) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Kenya Lesotho Malawi Mozambique Namibia Rwanda South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and dry savanna.The chin-spot is a common and widespread bird and is primarily insectivorous finding its food on the surfaces of leaves and occasionally catching insects on the wing. 
 Orthogonius thaiensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Nyceryx continua is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Peru Bolivia Argentina and Brazil.The wingspan is 56-72 mm. There are no or faint lines in the basal costal area of the forewing upperside. The antemedian band is filled with black and is very oblique. The discal spot is rather large and the dot in front of it is distinct. The apical black half-moon dot is distinctly separate from the black marginal area.
 The Burmese spitting cobra (Naja mandalayensis) also called Mandalay spitting cobra is a species of spitting cobra in the Elapidae family that is native to Burma.
 Draculo is a genus of dragonets found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific.
 Pseudotribos (false chewing) is an extinct genus of mammal that lived in China during the Middle Jurassic some 165 million years ago more closely related to monotremes than to placental or marsupial mammals. The only known specimen was found in the Daohygou Formation in Inner Mongolia (41.3°N 119.2°E﻿ / 41.3; 119.2: paleocoordinates 42.6°N 122.4°E﻿ / 42.6; 122.4).
 Phasmatocottus ctenopterygius is a species of sculpin endemic to Japan where it is only known from Sendai Bay. It has been found at depths down to 480 metres (1570 ft). This species grows to a length of 3.8 centimetres (1.5 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Philipis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Philipis agnicapitis Baehr 1995 Philipis alpina Baehr 2007 Philipis alticola Baehr 1995 Philipis alutacea Baehr 1995 Philipis atra Baehr 1995 Philipis bicolor Baehr 1995 Philipis castanea Baehr 1995 Philipis cooki Baehr 1995 Philipis distinguenda Baehr 1995 Philipis ellioti Baehr 1995 Philipis frerei Baehr 1995 Philipis geoffreyi Baehr 1995 Philipis heatherae Baehr 1995 Philipis inermis Baehr 1995 Philipis inexspectata Baehr 2002 Philipis laevigata Baehr 1995 Philipis laevis Baehr 1995 Philipis lawrencei Baehr 2007 Philipis lustrans Baehr 1995 Philipis minor Baehr 1995 Philipis perstriata Baehr 1995 Philipis picea Baehr 1995 Philipis picta Baehr 1995 Philipis planicola Baehr 1995 Philipis quadraticollis Baehr 1995 Philipis reticulata Baehr 1995 Philipis rufescens Baehr 1995 Philipis ruficollis Baehr 1995 Philipis sinuata Baehr 1995 Philipis spurgeoni Baehr 1995 Philipis striata Baehr 1995 Philipis striatoides Baehr 2002 Philipis subtropica Baehr 1995 Philipis sulcata Baehr 1995 Philipis thompsoni Baehr 1995 Philipis tribulationis Baehr 1995 Philipis trunci (Darlington 1963) Philipis unicolor Baehr 1995 Philipis unistriata Baehr 2002 Philipis vicina Baehr 1995 Philipis weiri Baehr 2007↑
 Lyria mitraeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Common Fat-tailed Mouse Opossum (Thylamys pusillus) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae. It occurs in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay in chaco and Andean foothill habitats. Its head-and-body length is about 75 to 120 (mean 94.3) mm and its tail length is about 90 to 134 (mean 103.6) mm. Its dorsal fur is brownish gray and its ventral fur is yellowish to white. The legs and cheeks are the same color as the ventral surface.
 Radhica flavovittata is a species of moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in India and Taiwan.
 Cremorne (1869–1883) was British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1871 to 1873 he ran twenty-five times and won nineteen races. He was one of the leading British two-year-olds of 1870 when he won nine of his eleven starts. In the summer of 1872 he became the second of six horses to win both the Epsom Derby and the Grand Prix de Paris. At the end of the 1873 season in which he won the Ascot Gold Cup he was retired to stud where he was moderately successful.
 Carabus ermaki is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that are endemic to Russia.
 The silver dik-dik (Madoqua piacentinii) is a small antelope found in low dense thickets along the southeastern coast of Somalia and in Acacia-Commiphora bushland in the Shebelle Valley in southeastern Ethiopia. It is the smallest species of dik-dik with a length of 45–50 cm (18–20 in) a height of 30–33 cm (12–13 in) and a weight of 2–3 kg (4.4–6.6 lb). Its back and flanks are grizzled silvery while the limbs ears and muzzle are ochraceus in colour.
 Columbella mercatoria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Hypatopa manus is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4–6 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 Alloiodoris marmorata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 The Anapidae are a family of rather small spiders with 145 described species in 35 genera. Most species are less than 2 mm long.In some species (such as Pseudanapis parocula) the pedipalps of the female are reduced to coxal stumps.Anapidae generally live in leaf litter and moss on the floor of rain forest. Many build orb webs with a diameter of less than 3 cm.
 Dugesia aenigma is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits freshwater bodies of Cephalonia Greece.Preserved specimens are up to 8 mm in length and 2 mm in width.
 Hypocrita temperata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Brazil and French Guiana.
 Hewitsonia kuehnei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Lithophane adipel is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in from the southeastern United States north to Canada from the maritime provinces and northeastern states west across the southern boreal forest zone to central Alberta. In Alberta it is only found in the Redwater sands. Some authors consider it a subspecies of Lithophane lepida.The wingspan is about 42 mm.
 The sea urchin crab Echinoecus pentagonus is a species of crab in the family Pilumnidae found from the Red Sea and East Africa to French Polynesia and the Hawaiian Islands. This crab is a parasite that lives in the rectum of a sea urchin. In Hawaii it chooses only Echinothrix calamaris leaving few of these urchins unpopulated. Its curved and pointed carapace reaches only 0.5 inches (1.3 cm) in width.Taxonomic synonyms of E.
 Stenoptilia orites is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on the flowers of Senecio and Brachyglottis species.
 Astropecten spinulosus is a sea star of the family Astropectinidae.
 Agrionympha jansella is a species of moth belonging to the Micropterigidae family. It was described by George W. Gibbs and Niels P. Kristensen in 2011. It is found in South Africa where it is known only from Karkloof Falls in the Eastern Cape.The length of the forewings is about 3.2 mm for females.
 Nuculana pernula or Müller's nut clam is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculanidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Massachusetts to Greenland.
 Roberts's flat-headed bat (Sauromys petrophilus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae found in Botswana Namibia South Africa Zimbabwe and a small part of western Mozambique. Its natural habitats are dry savanna Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Crocidolomia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Odontolabis gazella is a species of beetles belonging to the family Lucanidae.
 Moinidae is a crustacean family within the order Cladocera. Species within this family are widely occurring including the continents of North America and Africa. In newer classifications it is sometimes included in the family Daphniidae.Moina is one of two genera in the family.
 Ypsolopha parodaula is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Yunnan in China.
 Acalyptris scirpi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Utah.The larvae feed on Scirpus paludosus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Isotrias is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Turbonilla discrepata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Wise Dan (foaled February 20 2007) is a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is the first horse to win the same three Eclipse Awards in consecutive years having been named American Horse of the Year Champion Older Male and Champion Male Turf Horse in 2012 and 2013.In a racing career which began in 2010 he has won fifteen Graded stakes races including victories on turf dirt and two types of synthetic surface.
 The jumping spider family (Salticidae) contains more than 500 described genera and about 5000 described species making it the largest family of spiders with about 13% of all species. Jumping spiders have some of the best vision among arthropods and use it in courtship hunting and navigation. Although they normally move unobtrusively and fairly slowly most species are capable of very agile jumps notably when hunting but sometimes in response to sudden threats.
 Pantala flavescens the Globe Skimmer or Wandering Glider is a wide-ranging dragonfly of the family Libellulidae. This species and Pantala hymenaea the Spot-winged Glider are the only members of the genus Pantala from the subfamily Pantalinae. It was first described by Fabricius in 1798. It is considered to be the most widespread dragonfly on the planet.
 Amata prosomoea is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia.
 Crab also known as Old Crab and Mr. Panton's Crab (1722 – December 1750) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. After retiring from racing he became a successful stallion and was British Champion sire in 1748 1749 and 1750. He was owned by the 1st Earl of Portmore until purchased by Mr. Cotton and then Thomas Panton.
 The Dark Wall Lasiommata menava is a species of satyrine butterfly found in India.
 Heliocheilus abaccheutus is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Queensland Australia.
 Amorphosternus cucullatus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Amorphosternus.
 Alloblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies (family Blenniidae) found in the western and northeastern Indian Ocean.
 Odostomia syrnoloides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Tomoxia howensis is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Lea in 1917.
 Pseudacidalia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Iambia thwaitesii is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Tritonoharpa beui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.Description.......
 Pseudosmittia is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 Crusader (1923–1940) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career which lasted from 1925 to 1928 he ran forty-two times and won eighteen races. He was the leading American three-year-old of 1926 when he won a number of important races including the Suburban Handicap the Belmont Stakes and the Dwyer Stakes. He continued to race for a further two seasons but his form declined after he was injured at Aqueduct Racetrack in June 1927.
 Rhagoletis kurentsovi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Elachista tetraquetri is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Australia.
 Nosphistia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Cheilea is a genus of small limpet-like sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Hipponicidae the hoof snails.
 Anthophila decolorana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Danilevsky in 1969. It is found in Georgia and Russia.
 The Striped Wainscot (Mythimna pudorina) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe all of Russia to Japan).The wingspan is 35–38 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses such as Purple Moor Grass Phragmites and Reed canary grass.
 Cercopimorpha homopteridia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Brazil.
 Eupithecia tetraglena is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The San Bernardino springsnail Pyrgulopsis bernardina is a species of very small or freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States occurring in the San Bernardino National Wildlife Refuge in southeast Arizona.
 Caryocolum transiens is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Nepal.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown and the hindwings are shining grey.The larvae possibly feed on Cerastium and/or Stellaria species.
 The Rose-breasted Chat (Granatellus pelzelni) is a species of bird in the Cardinalidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Izatha blepharidota is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is confined to the northern half of the North Island.The wingspan is 22.5–26 mm for males and 23–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to April.Larvae have been reared from dead branches of Pseudopanax crassifolius dead rotten stems of Ripogonum scandens dead branches of Coriaria arborea and dead Kunzea ericoides.
 Parabarrovia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stratone is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stratone aurantia Galileo & Martins 1992 Stratone rufotestacea Thomson 1864 Stratone transversalis (Chevrolat 1862)↑
 Eurylychnus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Eurylychnus blagravii (Castelnau 1868) Eurylychnus cylindricus Sloane 1916 Eurylychnus dyschirioides (Castelnau 1868) Eurylychnus femoralis Sloane 1915 Eurylychnus kershawi Sloane 1915 Eurylychnus olliffi Bates 1891 Eurylychnus ovipennis Sloane 1915 Eurylychnus regularis Sloane 1911 Eurylychnus victoriae Sloane 1892↑
 Saphenista nuda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).
 Philobota arabella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the dry grassy native woodlands of Victoria.The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults are on wing in September and October. Adults have orange forewings with a broad brown hairy margin.The larvae are thought to feed in leaf litter.
 Prochola obstructa is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Oreonectes macrolepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.
 Eupithecia inassignata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Cerithium pacificum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Syma Sister (Adelpha syma) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America including Paraguay Argentina and Brazil. The wingspan is about 50 mm. Larvae feed on Rubus brasiliensis and Rubus rosifolius.
 Pygoscelis tyreei is an extinct species of penguin from New Zealand. It was slightly smaller than the extant Gentoo Penguin standing 70 to 80 cm high. Of Late Pliocene age it is only known from fossil remains.
 The Atlantic pigtoe (Fusconaia masoni) is a species of bivalve in the Unionidae family. It is endemic to the United States.
 Phasmatinae is a subfamily of stick insects in the family Phasmatidae. They contain at least three tribes. Some treatments recognize up to seven tribes. The generally recognized tribes are: Acanthomimini Acanthoxylini PhasmatiniThe Clitumnini and Pharnaciini are here separated in a distinct subfamily Clitumninae and while the Achriopterini and Stephanacridini are also often placed in the Phasmatinae other authors treat them as tribes incertae sedis among the Phasmatidae as is done here.
 Pugolovkas or tadpole gobies (Benthophilus) is a genus of Ponto-Caspian gobiids. Distributed in the fresh and brackish waters of basins of the Black and Caspian Sea. The word pugolovka (Ukrainian: Пуголовка) means tadpole in Ukrainian.
 Tipulamima tricincta is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Prochoreutis bella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Tadzhikistan.The wingspan is about 9 mm.
 Orthogonius pangi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Citharoides is a genus of citharid flounders native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Pagurus armatus the armed hermit crab or black-eyed hermit crab is a species of hermit crab found in the eastern Pacific Ocean of the United States and British Columbia Canada.
 Hoshihananomia mitsuoi is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1950.
 Homoeosoma terminella is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Ragonot in 1901. It is found in South Africa.
 Gracilentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Vexillum stossieri is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Longipenis dentivalvus is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in China (Guangdong Province).The wingspan is 29-30 mm. The forewings are dark brown with purplish and with a yellow spot at three quarters of the costal margin. The hindwings are brownish black and wider than the forewings.
 Glossodoris is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae.
 Enedena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Melitara junctolineella is a species of snout moth in the genus Melitara. It was described by Hulst in 1900 and is found in southern Texas (from Brownsville to Presidio) and Mexico (along the coastal plain south from Texas to Tampico). The species has been introduced in Australia as a biological control agent of Opuntia stricta.Adults are on wing from mid January to May and again from late August to early November.
 Bombus breviceps is a species of bumblebee.
 Collix purpurilita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Hoplopholcus is a cellar spider genus.
 Loxodonta exoptata is an extinct species of elephant in the genus Loxodonta from Africa. A 2009 study suggested that Loxodonta exoptata gave rise to L. atlantica which gave rise to L. africana. The molars of L. exoptata are distinguished from later loxodonts by the lower plate number and their specialized enamel loops. Fossil remains of L. exoptata have been found at Pliocene sites in eastern Africa including Laetoli and Koobi Fora.
 Pitharcha are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Ischnocnemis cyaneus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1892.
 Stenoodes jeanneli is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Stenoodes.
 Coleophora libyca is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North Africa.
 Gibberula olivai is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Caloptilia xystophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Ethmia rhomboidella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo and South Africa.
 Calathus angustulus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Olpogastra lugubris the Slender Bottletail is a monotypic species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It is found in Benin Botswana Cameroon Central African Republic Chad the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Nannoarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Catocala californica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia and Alberta south through Washington and Oregon to California.The wingspan is about 65 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Juglans nigra and Salix species.
 Putilla aoteana is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea. It is the type species of the genus.
 The tollo de agua dulce (Diplomystes chilensis) is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Chile where it is found in the area of Valparaiso and Santiago. It grows to a length of 23.0 centimetres (9.1 in) and is a component of local commercial fisheries as well as being a gamefish.
 Tetragimyia minor is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae the only species in the genus Tetragimyia.
 Zacthys is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bulimulus deridderi is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Agylla zucarina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Hickory Shuckworm Moth (Cydia caryana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July depending on the location.The caterpillars (hickory shuckworms) feed on Carya ovata Carya illinoensis and Juglans nigra.
 Carposina maritima is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Ponomarenko in 1999. It is found in the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 13-15.5 mm. The groundcolour of the forewings is white with a pattern consisting of seven indistinct grey strokes on the costal margin and five concolorous small spots at the end of the veins on the termen and a grey spot at the end of the cell. The hindwings are grey in males and light-grey in females.
 Sicyodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Capromeryx minor is a very small extinct species of pronghorn-like antilocaprid ungulate discovered in the La Brea Tar Pits of California and elsewhere. It has been found at least as far east as the coast of Texas. It stood about 60 centimetres tall at the shoulders and weighed about 10 kilograms (22 lb). It is unclear whether females had horns as well as males.
 Glipostenoda cinnamonea is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1953.
 Malgachemenes is a genus of potter wasps endemic to Madagascar.
 Venusia ochrota is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal and China.
 The Blue-throated Macaw (Ara glaucogularis; previously Ara caninde) also known as Caninde Macaw or Wagler's Macaw is a macaw endemic to a small area of north-central Bolivia known as Los Llanos de Moxos. Recent population and range estimates suggests that about 350-400 individuals remain in the wild. The main causes of their demise is capture for the pet trade and land clearance on cattle ranches.
 Elachista gerdmaritella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Spain.
 Ductoconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Blair's Wainscot (Sedina buettneri) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Palaearctic ecozone. Outside of Europe it is occasionally found in Asia the coast of the Black Sea the base of the Caucasus mountains the Caspian Sea Iran Russia and further east to the Ural the Lake Baikal and Altairegion in Japan and the Kuril Islands.This wingspan is 20–35 mm.
 The black ruby barb (Pethia nigrofasciata) or purplehead barb is a tropical cyprinid fish endemic to Sri Lanka where it occurs in forested streams from the Kelani basin to the Nilwala basin they are found in streams on hills around 1000 ft (300 m) in elevation. The brightly colored population introduced to Mahaweli at Ginigathena Sri Lanka are said to have diminished in number due to the aquarium export trade.
 Eudistenia costipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Eudistenia.
 Pseudimbrasia deyrollei is a species of moth found in the mid-latitudes of Africa.
 Euthria vokesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Eueides is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 Afrixalus lacteus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family. It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers swamps and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss and habitat fragmentation.
 Diadegma melanium is a wasp first described by Carl Gustaf Thomson in 1887. It is a member of the genus Diadegma and family Ichneumonidae. It inhabits Sweden. No subspecies are listed.
 Lyrocladius is a genus of chironomid midges that belongs to the subfamily Orthocladiinae and is composed of a single species Lyrocladius radulatus Mendes et Andersen (2008) described from Brazil. The genus is known from male adult stage only. This species is known from the States of Paraná and Rio de Janeiro along the Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
 Thais javanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Antiblemma leucocyma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is native to Brazil. It has been studied as a potential biological control agent for Miconia calvescens an invasive tree considered one of the greatest threats to natural ecosystems of Hawaii and other Pacific islands.The larvae feed on the leaves of Miconia calvescens making holes of an irregular shape.
 Simnia sculptura is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Palpifer sexnotatus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in India and Japan. Food plants for the species include Amorphophallus and Colocasia.
 Liostomia beringensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Allodapini is a tribe of bees in the subfamily Xylocopinae family Apidae. They occur throughout sub-Saharan Africa South East Asia and Australasia. There is also a rare genus Exoneuridia that occurs in isolated regions of Turkey Iraq Lebanon and Iran.Many of the species in the tribe form small social colonies where a group of females cooperatively care for the developing larvae.
 Dvinia was a therapsid mammal-like reptile of the family Dviniidae found in Sokolki on the Northern Dvina River near Kotlas in Arkhangelsk Oblast Russia. Its fossil remains date from the Late Permian and were found with Inostrancevia Scutosaurus and Dicynodon trautscholdi.The species was small omnivore containing an extremely large temporal opening typical of advanced therapsids with a thin bone separating the eye and muscle attachment.
 Gymnetis litigiosa is a species of beetle in the family Cetoniidae.
 Carpatolechia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Lesser Moorhen (Gallinula angulata) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Egypt Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Oman Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 The Duchess (1813–1836) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1816. In a racing career which lasted from March 1815 until October 1819 she competed in thirty-three races and won nineteen times. She was still unnamed when winning three races as a two-year-old in 1815 when she was one of the leading juveniles in the north of England.
 The San Cristóbal Mockingbird or Chatham Mockingbird (Mimus melanotis) is a species of bird in the Mimidae family. It is endemic to San Cristóbal Island in the Galápagos Islands of Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Diostracus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Asura is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
 Metynnis is a genus of serrasalmids from South America containing the aquarium species known as the silver dollar. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Metynnis altidorsalis C. G. E. Ahl 1923 Metynnis argenteus C. G. E. Ahl 1923 (silver dollar) Metynnis cuiaba Pavanelli Ota & Petry 2009 Metynnis fasciatus C. G. E. Ahl 1931 Metynnis guaporensis C. H. Eigenmann 1915 Metynnis hypsauchen (J. P.
 Barbus longiceps is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Israel Jordan and Syria.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupoecilia inouei is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Guizhou Hebei Henan Hunan Jiangxi Jilin Ningxia Shaanxi Shanxi) Japan Korea and Russia.The wingspan is 13–16 mm.
 Chachalacas are mainly brown birds from the genus Ortalis. These birds are found in wooded habitats in far southern United States (Texas) Mexico and Central and South America. They are social can be very noisy and often remain fairly common even near humans as their relatively small size makes them less desirable to hunters than their larger relatives.
 Michenia is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America from the Pliocene through Pleistocene 24.8—4.9 mya existing for approximately 19.9 million years.
 Chlorolestes is a genus of damselflies in the family Synlestidae.
 Notiophilus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic the Nearctic the Near East and North Africa.
 The Crowned Slug Moth or Skiff Moth (Isa textula) is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found from Minnesota southern Ontario and Massachusetts to Florida and Mississippi.The larvae feed on the leaves of various trees including oak cherry maple basswood elm and beech. Early instars leave zigzagging tracks in the underside of leaves.
 The Synodus mascarensis is a type of lizardfish or Synodontidae that is found in the highest concentrations in the Mascarene Ridge
 Anthrenocerus Tessellatus is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Cirrospiloidelleus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Rhagoletis turanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 The Cattleheart White (Archonias brassolis) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae and only member of the Archonias genus. It is found from Central America south through most of South America.The wingspan is 56–65 mm for ssp. rubrosparsa and 31–34 mm for approximata.Although Archonias brassolis is a member of the Whites family it is primarily black with red hindwing patches and white forewing patches.
 Hermeuptychia intricata is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It has been recorded from the coastal plains of the eastern United States and is currently documented from Texas Louisiana Florida and South Carolina.The length of the forewings is 16.5 mm.
 Lithosarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from West China and Himalayas.
 Diploschizia habecki is a species of sedge moths in the genus Diploschizia. It was described by Heppner in 1981. It is found from southern Georgia to central Florida.The length of the forewings is 2.4-3.4 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark fuscous with a bronze shine and brown buff overlaid scaling. The hindwings are fuscous. Adults are on wing from April to May and again from July to December.The larvae feed on Rhynchospora corniculata. They bore the seeds of their host plant.
 The Crosse's shrew (Crocidura crossei) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Benin Cameroon Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Togo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Blue Bunting (Cyanocompsa parellina) is a species of passerine bird found in northern Central America. Measuring 5.5 inches (14 cm) in length with a wingspan of 8.5 inches (22 cm) it is one of the smaller members of its genus. Like most buntings the Blue Bunting is sexually dimorphic. The male has a dark blue body with brighter blue highlights on the supercilium forecrown malar region rump and lesser wing coverts. The female is an unstreaked warm brown slightly paler below.
 Coleophora flaviella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Germany to the Iberian Peninsula Sicily and Greece and from France to Romania.The larvae feed on Coronilla coronata and Coronilla minima. Young larvae live within a pod and feed on the seeds. Later the larvae feed outside in a tubular silken case that is wrapped in a leaf fragment. The seeds are now consumed through a hole in the wall of the pod.
 Ircinia is a genus of marine demosponge in the family Irciniidae.
 Pleocoma linsleyi is a beetle of the Rain beetle family. It was named in honor of American entomologist Earle Gorton Linsley
 Calluga pallidipunctata is a moth in the Geometridae family.
 Buckleria negotiosus is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea that is found in South Africa.The wingspan is ca. 13 millimetres (0.51 in). The moth flies in February. The larvae feed on Drosera.
 The Colombian Spiny-rat (Proechimys canicollis) is a species of rodent in the Echimyidae family. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 Sinentomon is the only genus in the family Sinentomidae in the hexapod order Protura. It contains three species. Sinentomon chui Tuxen & Paik 1982 Sinentomon erythranum Yin 1965 Sinentomon yoroi Imadaté 1977↑ ↑
 Heliconius lalitae is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Brévignon in 1996. It is endemic to French Guiana.The forewings have yellow distal spots and a red basal area. There is a basal transverse red stripe across the discal cell of the hindwings.
 Tricondyla is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tricondyla annulicornis Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Tricondyla aptera (Olivier 1790) Tricondyla beccarii Gestro 1874 Tricondyla bengalensis Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla brunnea Dokhtouroff 1883 Tricondyla cavifrons Schaum 1862 Tricondyla conicicollis Chaudoir 1844 Tricondyla coriacea Chevrolat 1841 Tricondyla cyanea Dejean 1825 Tricondyla cyanipes Eschscholtz 1829 Tricondyla darwini Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla deuvei Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla distincta Fleutiaux 1893 Tricondyla doriai Gestro 1874 Tricondyla elenae Werner 1992 Tricondyla elongata W.Horn 1906 Tricondyla femorata Walker 1858 Tricondyla fulgida Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla genieri Naviaux 2008 Tricondyla gestroi Fleutiaux 1893 Tricondyla gounellei W.Horn 1900 Tricondyla gracilis Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla granulifera Motschulsky 1857 Tricondyla herculeana W.Horn 1942 Tricondyla ledouxi Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla macrodera Chaudoir 1860 Tricondyla magna Werner 1992 Tricondyla mellyi Chaudoir 1850 Tricondyla mourzinei Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla niasensis Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla nigripalpis W.Horn 1894 Tricondyla oblita Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla ovaligrossa W.Horn 1922 Tricondyla ovicollis Motschulsky 1864 Tricondyla planiceps Schaum 1862 Tricondyla proxima Fleutiaux 1893 Tricondyla pulchripes White 1844 Tricondyla punctulata Chaudoir 1861 Tricondyla reducta Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla rivalieri Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla schuelei Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla stricticeps Chaudoir 1864 Tricondyla tuberculata Chaudoir 1860 Tricondyla ventricosa Schaum 1862 Tricondyla wallacei J.Thomson 1857 Tricondyla werneri Naviaux 2002 Tricondyla wiesneri Naviaux 2002↑
 Crisilla morenoi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Urophora rufitarsis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Hyperandra porioni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Planorbella trivolvis is a species of freshwater air-breathing snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails or planorbids which all have sinistral or left-coiling shells.
 Brevis is a genus of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 Kermia pumila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Mordella angulata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1878.
 Parornix cotoneasterella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tajikistan and Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Cotoneaster avellana and Cotoneaster hissarica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Painted Whitestart or Painted Redstart (Myioborus pictus) is a species of New World warbler.
 Mussidia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888.
 Anomalous Sea Snake (Thalassophis anomalus) is a species of sea snake.Its distribution includes the South Chinese Sea (Malaysia Gulf of Thailand) and the Indian Ocean (Sumatra Java Borneo).
 Utetheisa antennata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1893. It is found on the Nicobar Islands.
 The Olive-winged Bulbul (Pycnonotus plumosus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Burma the Philippines Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. The Ashy-fronted Bulbul was previously considered a subspecies.
 Pleistodontes athysanus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has generally been collected from the syconia of Ficus brachypoda but two individuals have been collected from F. cerasicarpa.
 Trephisa parallela is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Trephisa.
 Jovellaniidae was established as a family within the Oncocerida to include genera characterized by longiconic orthocones and cyrtocones with a subtriangular to depressed cross-section in which the ventral (siphuncular) side is typically angular or more acutely rounded than the dorsal (antisiphuncular) side and in which the siphuncle is generally large ventral and with lamellar actinosiphonate deposits (Flower 1950 Sweet 1964)Jovelaniids have a range that extends from the Middle Silurian to the Upper Ordovician and are known from North America Europe. 
 Kayak II (1935– November 19??) was an Argentine-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully in the United States. He was sired by a famous Argentine Thoroughbred named Congreve out of the dam Mosquita. After being seen by American Lindsay Howard during a polo trip to Argentina Kayak was purchased for $7000 along with another horse named Ligaroti. The two horses were shipped back to California where Howard's father businessman Charles S.
 Peronia anomala is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Eupithecia scotodes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Mulberry Wing (Poanes massasoit) is a skipper butterfly found in North America.
 Trigonostoma diamantinum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Alcis scortea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 26-33 mm. Adults are on wing in February.
 Elisolimax rufescens is a species of air-breathing land snail or semislug terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Hyalurga is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Coilodera penicillata is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae.
 The Pimelodidae commonly known as the long-whiskered catfishes are a family of catfishes (order Siluriformes).
 Autophila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lampris zatima is the oldest known opah of the genus Lampris from the Late Miocene of Southern California (the giant opah of the genus Megalampris of Late Oligocene New Zealand is older). Its fossil record is rather poor known primarily from isolated vertebral columns and a few headless specimens. Alive it is estimated to have been around 20 to 30 centimeters long.Mistakenly it was later re-described as a surfperch Dascles dassurus.
 The Red-footed Bomolocha Moth or Alder Smoke (Hypena eductalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Saskatchewan to Nova Scotia south to Florida and Texas.It was formerly placed in a separate genus Lomanaltes.The wingspan is about 25 mm. There are two generations per year in much of the eastern part of its range.The larvae feed on the underside of the leaves of alder.
 Enophrys is a genus of sculpins native to the northern and eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Hoplophanes philomacha is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Lapsias is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Dextella khaoyaiana is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in central Thailand.The wingspan is about 11.5 mm. The forewings are short relatively narrow and beige. The postmedial line is suffused with many brown scales on the distal side. There are blackish brown patches basally on the costa and also in the upper medial and terminal areas. The crosslines are weakly marked and light brown. The terminal line is indicated by black-brown interveinal dots.
 Gynandromyia habilis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae.
 Conassiminea studderti is a species of minute operculate snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Odostomia callimorpha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ictalurus mexicanus the bagre de rio verde or Rio Verde catfish is a species of North American freshwater catfish endemic to Mexico.
 The kingcroakers also known as kingfish are a genus of fish Menticirrhus in the family Sciaenidae.
 The King dwarf gecko is a rare species of dwarf gecko native to southeast Africa (Malawi Mozambique).
 Ayres's Hawk-Eagle (Hieraaetus ayresii) also referred to as Ayres' Eagle is a medium-sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It is native to African woodlands. Its name honors South African ornithologist Thomas Ayres.
 A cotton rat is any member of the rodent genus Sigmodon. They are called cotton rats because they build their nests out of cotton and can damage cotton crops. Cotton rats have small ears and dark coats and are found in North and South America. Members of this genus are distributed in the Southwestern USA Mexico Central America and South American countries of: Venezuela Ecuador Colombia Peru Brazil Guyana and Suriname.
 Sphinx pinastri known as the Pine Hawk-moth is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in Palearctic ecozone and sometimes the Nearctic ecozone. This species has been found in Scotland but is usually found in England.The larvae feed on Scots Pine Swiss Pine Siberian Pine and Norway Spruce.
 The silver monkey (Cercopithecus doggetti) is a species of Old World monkey found primarily in East Africa. Its range includes Burundi Tanzania Rwanda Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The silver monkey was previously considered a subspecies of the blue monkey (Cercopithecus mitis).
 Neacerea brunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Espirito Santo).
 Actina chalybea is a species of 'Soldier Flies' belonging to the family Stratiomyidae subfamily Beridinae.This species is present in most of Europe. The adults grow up to 8–10 millimetres (0.31–0.39 in) long and can mostly be encountered from April through June in shady and moist habitats.These flies have a metallic green thorax. The head is quite large and rounded with small black antennae pointing forward. The eyes are green almost contiguous in males and clearly separated in females.
 Dysgonia macrorhyncha is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa and Zambia.
 Rissoa vicina is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Mackinlay's Cuckoo-Dove (Macropygia mackinlayi) also known as the Spot-breasted Cuckoo-Dove is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. The species is named after Archibald Mackinlay (1850–1924) a Scottish naturalist.
 The Four-eyed Butterflyfish (Chaetodon capistratus) is a butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is alternatively called the Foureye Butterflyfish. This species is found in the Western Atlantic from Massachusetts USA and Bermuda to the West Indies and northern South America.Chaetodon capistratus is the type species of Chaetodon. If this genus is split up as some have proposed it will retain its present name like its closest relatives which include the Banded Butterflyfish (C.
 Acicula hausdorfi is a species of very small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae.
 The Nyika climbing mouse (Dendromus nyikae) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitat is moist savanna.
 Cochylimorpha elongana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Fennoscandia Ireland Great Britain the Baltic region and most of the Balkan Peninsula. It is also found in Asia Minor.The wingspan is about 17 mm.The larvae feed on Artemisia campestris Helichrysum species and Achillea millefolium.
 For the Catocalinae as a subfamily of Erebidae see Catocalini.Catocalinae is a subfamily of noctuoid moths placed in family Noctuidae.In the alternative arrangement where Noctuidae are reduced to the core group around the Noctuinae the present lineage is abolished the upranked Catocalini being merged with the Erebini and becoming a subfamily of the reestablished family Erebidae.Many of the species are large (7 to 10 cm 3 to 4 inches) compared to other noctuids in temperate zones and have brightly colored backwings.The closely related Ophiderinae and Calpinae are sometimes merged into this group.
 Tachina alacer is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Borneo.
 Gatum Gatum was an Australian thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1963 Melbourne Cup.Despite winning the 1961 SAJC South Australian Derby as a three-year old and a second placing in the 1963 Caulfield Cup he carried just 7st 12lb (50 kg) to victory in the Cup.His owner Malcolm Reid had bred the 1945 Melbourne Cup winner Rainbird but had sold her as a filly to his brother Clifford.
 Epinephelus labriformis commonly called Starry Grouper or Flag cabrilla among various other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.
 The Flat Dart (Euxoa campestris) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland to Alaska south to New England and southern Canada from southern Quebec west to British Columbia. In the west it is distributed southward in the Rocky Mountains to southern New Mexico east-central Arizona and central Utah. In the east it occurs in the Appalachians in eastern Kentucky and in western North Carolina.The wingspan is 30–34 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
 The Barred Cuckooshrike (Coracina lineata) also called the Yellow-eyed Cuckooshrike is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
 Protoploea apatela (The Magpie) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is monotypic within the genus Protoploea.[citation needed] It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Melanotesia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cosmisoma compsoceroides is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Gounelle in 1911.
 Agdistis tugai is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in southern Tajikistan. The habitat consists of tugai forest consisting of Populus diversifolia trees and Tamarix shrubs.The wingspan is about 26 mm for females. The head is whitish to pale grey. The antenna are grey. The forewing are whitish to greyish white with brown scales and speckled.The hindwings are greyish and plain-coloured.
 Darwin's leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis darwini) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It has terrestrial habits and is endemic to coastal central Chile.
 Barton (19 February 1993–2004) was a British racehorse of Thoroughbred and Anglo-Arabian ancestry who competed in National Hunt racing. In a racing career which lasted from October 1997 until November 2003 he won fourteen of his twenty-six races.
 Lycomorpha desertus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by H. Edwards in 1881. It is found in Arizona.The wingspan is about 31 mm. Adults resemble Lycomorpha pholus but the black area of the forewings is less extensive. The thorax are orange. The abdomen of the females is orange above and below and the abdomen antennae and tarsi of the males are black.
 The Perijá Metaltail (Metallura iracunda) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is endemic to páramo and elfin forest at high altitudes of the Perijá Mountains in Colombia and Venezuela. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tafalla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phyllonastes myrmecoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Sandhill Skipper or Saltgrass Skipper (Polites sabuleti) is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found from southern British Columbia and eastern Washington south through California and northern Arizona to Baja California and east to south-eastern Wyoming central Colorado and north-eastern New Mexico. It is an introduced species in Hawaii.The wingspan is 22–32 mm. There is one generation with adults on wing from June to August at high elevations.
 The Glade Copper (Lycaena feredayi) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The wingspan is 25–32 mm. Adults are on wing from November to December and from February to the beginning of April.The larvae feed on Muehlenbeckia australis.
 Felimida marislae is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Admiralty Island cuscus or Manus Island spotted cuscus (Spilocuscus kraemeri) is a species of marsupial in the Phalangeridae family. It is endemic to the Admiralty Islands of Papua New Guinea. It is the smallest member of the genus Spilocuscus and the female has a black back while the male has blackish spots on a white background.
 Lymnaeidae is a taxonomic family of small to large air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks that belong to the clade Hygrophila.Lymnaeidae is the only family within the superfamily Lymnaeoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Gambusia quadruncus known as the llanos mosquitofish is a species of bony fish in the genus Gambusia that lives in east-central Mexico. Sometimes coexisting with at least three similar species it differs from its closest relative Gambusia affinis in several characteristics with plausible effects on reproductive isolation.
 Eudonia jucunda is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Lanai and Hawaii.
 Suillia igori is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Lampruna rosea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Peru Colombia Venezuela Costa Rica Guatemala Panama and Mexico.
 For the familiar species see Domesticated turkey and Wild Turkey. For other uses see Turkey (disambiguation).The turkey is a large bird in the Meleagris genus which is native to the Americas. One species Meleagris gallopavo (commonly known as the Wild Turkey) is native to the forests of North America. The domestic turkey is a descendant of this species. The other living species is Meleagris ocellata or the Ocellated Turkey native to the forests of the Yucatán Peninsula.
 Cynarctoides emryi is an extinct species of Cynarctoides belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini a canid which inhabited most of west central North America from the Miocene epoch (Hemingfordian stage) living 23.0–5.3 mya and existed for approximately 17.7 million years.
 Borojevia aspina is a species of sponge in the genus Borojevia from Brazil. The species name refers to the lack of spines in the apical actine.
 Coleophora autumnella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Czech Republic Slovakia Austria Romania and Spain.The larvae feed on Aster alpinus and Aster amellus. They create a tubular silken case covered with grains of sand and detritus. The youth case is 12–14 millimetres (0.47–0.55 in).
 The Straight-billed Earthcreeper (Ochetorhynchus ruficaudus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 The three species of Kākāriki or New Zealand parakeets are the most common species of parakeet in the genus Cyanoramphus family Psittacidae. The birds' Māori name which is the most commonly used means small parrot.The three species on mainland New Zealand are the Yellow-crowned Parakeet Cyanoramphus auriceps the Red-crowned Parakeet or Red-fronted Parakeet C. novaezelandiae and the critically endangered Malherbe's Parakeet (or Orange-fronted Parakeet) C. malherbi.
 Turbonilla iglesiasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Limea pygmaea is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae the file shells or file clams.
 Parornix fumidella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the central Asian part of Russia and the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Malus mandshurica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Pectinivalva planetis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the south-eastern coast of New South Wales.The wingspan is about 5.5 mm for females.The host plant is unknown but probably a Myrtaceae species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Namwambina is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Chrysiptera caeruleolineata commonly called the blueline demoiselle is a species of damselfish from the Indian and western Pacific Oceans. It is up to 6 centimeters long.
 Yvretta is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Common Crow (Euploea core) is a common butterfly found in South Asia. In India it is also sometimes referred to as the Common Indian Crow and in Australia as the Australian Crow. It belongs to the Crows and Tigers subfamily Danainae (Danaini tribe).The Common Crow is the most common representative of its genus Euploea. Like the Tigers (genus Danaus) the Crows are inedible and thus mimicked by other Indian butterflies (see Batesian mimicry).
 Sinocyclocheilus lingyunensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 The Cinquefoil Skipper (Pyrgus cirsii) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It has a scattered distribution in central and southern Europe.This species has a wingspan of 26–28 mm and typically of its genus can be very difficult to identify in the field.
 Gonospira madgei is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Mauritius.
 Zosterornis is a genus of passerine bird in the Old World babbler family Zosteropidae (Moyle et al. 2009) although some taxonomists continue to place the genus in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae. The genus is endemic to the Philippines.
 The Chalkhill Blue (Polyommatus coridon) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (West Europe South Europe Central Europe  Asia Minor South Ural North-west Turan)
 The yellow-headed water monitor the Philippine water monitor or Cuming's water monitor (Varanus cumingi) is a large species of monitor lizards previously recognized as a subspecies of the water monitor (Varanus salvator) but today commonly is acknowledged as a species in its own right. It feeds on birds fish mammals and carrion.
 Seguenzia dabfari is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Libanoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Ectoedemia arcuatella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula east to and the Volga and Ural regions of Russia.The wingspan is about 5 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Fragaria moschata Fragaria vesca Fragaria viridis Potentilla erecta and Potentilla sterilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a narrow strongly contorted gallery with grey brown frass.
 Dartmuthia is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish that lived in the Silurian period in what is now Estonia. To date only the creature's armored head shield (a typical trait for osteostracids) has been found. Since the mouth is positioned on the underside of the head Dartmuthia is presumed to have dwelled on the ocean floor sucking its food into its mouth.
 Huxelhydrus syntheticus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Huxelhydrus.
 Azamora tortriciformis is a species of snout moth in the genus Azamora. It was described by Walker in 1858 and is known from Brazil.
 Priapichthys is a genus of poeciliid fishes native to Costa Rica Panama and Colombia.
 Stigmella tranocrossa is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found Hokkaido in Japan and the Russian Far East (Primorskiy Kray).There are probably two or more generations per year since adults occur in July from September to October.The larvae feed on Populus nigra. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a very gallery usually running along a vein for some distance. The frass is concentrated in a thin and broken-linear line. The mine widens in the later part.
 Paraptenodytes is an extinct genus of penguins which contains two or three species sized between a Magellanic Penguin and an Emperor Penguin (Aptenodytes forsteri).[citation needed] They are known from fossil bones ranging from a partial skeleton and some additional material in the case of P. antarcticus and a single humerus in the case of P. brodkorbi.
 Scaphella worki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the votules.
 Flashing was foaled in March 2006 and is a graded stakes winner for Godolphin Stable. She is trained by Saeed bin Suroor. She has won the Test Stakes and the Gazelle Stakes
 Tapena is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Elysia tomentosa is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae.
 Callistomimus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Callistomimus acuticollis Fairmaire 1889 Callistomimus aeolus Andrewes 1937 Callistomimus alluaudi Maindron 1909 Callistomimus alternans Andrewes 1938 Callistomimus amoenus Peringuey 1896 Callistomimus asper Andrewes 1930 Callistomimus azarensis Britton 1937 Callistomimus belli Andrewes 1921 Callistomimus bicolor Britton 1937 Callistomimus bimaculatus Britton 1937 Callistomimus caffer (Boheman 1848) Callistomimus cauliops (Bates 1892) Callistomimus chalcocephalus Wiedemann 1823 Callistomimus chevalieri Alluaud 1932 Callistomimus chlorocephalus Kohlar 1836 Callistomimus coarctatus Laferte-Senectere 1851 Callistomimus convexicollis Britton 1937 Callistomimus cyclotus Andrewes 1938 Callistomimus dabreui Andrewes 1921 Callistomimus davidsoni Mandl 1986 Callistomimus depressus Britton 1937 Callistomimus dicksoni G.O. 
 Tinissa rigida is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found from Kai Island to New Guinea and has also been recorded from Kuranda in Queensland.The larvae probably feed on fungi growing on trees in forests.
 Anopina chipinquensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Nuevo Leon).
 Nuculida is an order of small saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks. This order belongs to the subclass Protobranchia. Nuculida is sometimes spelled Nuculoidea.
 Anthophila is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.
 Prochoreutis argyrastra is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 The feeler fish Bathypterois longifilis a grinner of the family Ipnopidae is found around Australia and New Zealand.
 Polypoetes intersita is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Collilongus (meaning long neck) is an extinct genus of small archosauriform possibly a rauisuchian known from Early Triassic (Olenekian age) rocks of Czatkowice 1 Poland. It was first named by Magdalena Borsuk−Białynicka; and Andriej G. Sennikov in 2009. The type and only known species is Collilongus rarus. It is a rare component of the Czatkowice 1 fauna known only from vertebrae. Collilongus was a contemporary of the more common archosauriform Osmolskina.
 Omiodes anastrepta is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai and Hawaii. It was first cited as possibly extinct in 1994 by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service. It was listed as extinct by the Hawai‘i Biological Survey in 2002 but was rediscovered in 2003.The larvae feed on Carex wahuensis. They feed in the crown of their host plant eating the younger leaves and spinning them together for a retreat where pupation takes place.
 Euphaedra solida is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Boenasa nigrorosea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
 The freshwater drum Aplodinotus grunniens is a fish endemic to North and Central America. It is the only species in the genus Aplodinotus. The freshwater drum is a member of the family Sciaenidae and is the only North American member of the group that inhabits freshwater for its entire life. Its generic name Aplodinotus comes from Greek meaning single back and the specific epithet grunniens comes from a Latin word meaning grunting.
 Rhinoclavis diadema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Hoshihananomia masatakai is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 2007.
 Little-eared tree rat (Pithecheirops otion) is a species of rodent in family Muridae.
 Daphnella interrupta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Brown-headed Cowbird (Molothrus ater) is a small brood parasitic icterid of temperate to subtropical North America. They are permanent residents in the southern parts of their range; northern birds migrate to the southern United States and Mexico in winter returning to their summer habitat around March or April.
 Aslauga confusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and Gabon.
 Morellia aenescens is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 The Adriatic sturgeon (Acipenser naccarii) is a species of fish in the Acipenseridae family. It is found in Albania Croatia Greece Italy Montenegro and Slovenia. It can be found at the Milan Aquarium Aquarium Finisterrae Aquarium of the Po and the protected area of Oasis of Sant'Alessio in Lombardy.Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss and overfishing.
 Acanthoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Agorius constrictus is a species of ant mimicking jumping spider from Singapore.
 Lirimiris is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Stonogobiops is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and Pacific oceans. This is one of the shrimp goby genera the members of these genera being commensal with various species of shrimps.
 Ecrobia is a genus of very small aquatic snails operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Turbonilla philippiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Xanthorrachia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Homalopoma carmelae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Annulobalcis wareni is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The barred conger (Ariosoma fasciatum) is a species of conger eel that lives in the tropical western and central Indo-Pacific region. It is also known as the barred sand conger. It is a bottom-dwelling fish and is found in the waters around Madagascar Indonesia the Marshall Islands Hawai'i and Tahiti and some other island groups.
 The Ashy Thrush (Geokichla cinerea) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.Were helping by reforestation.
 Tornatellinops novoseelandica is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae.
 The Black-cheeked Lovebird (Agapornis nigrigenis) is a small parrot species of the lovebird genus. It is mainly green and has a brown head red beak and white eyerings. It is endemic in a relatively small range in southwest Zambia where it is vulnerable to habitat loss.
 Pterophorus melanopoda is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.The wingspan is about 28 mm. The head antennae palpi thorax and abdomen are pale glistening white. The forewings are pure glistening white sprinkled with very minute black scales The hindwings are also pure glistening white with a patch of faint fuscous on the costa of the first segment at three-quarters and also on the inner margin of the second segment at three-quarters and at one-half.
 Acrocercops bifasciata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Malawi Nigeria Somalia Sudan Tanzania Gambia Uganda and India.The larvae feed on Abelmoschus esculentus Abutilon species Gossypium species (including Gossypium barbadense) Malva species and Urena lobata. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Feredayia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Seychelles house snake (Lamprophis geometricus) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.It is endemic to Seychelles.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neolepetopsoidea is the name of a taxonomic superfamily which is now considered to be a synonym of Lottioidea. Previously Neolepetopsoidea was considered to be a family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Patellogastropoda.
 Pipunculidae are a family of flies (Diptera) commonly termed Big-Headed Flies a reference to the large (Holoptic) eyes which cover nearly the entire head. The Family is worldwide and more than 1300 species have been described. The larvae of Pipunculidae develop as Parasitoids almost exclusively in Homoptera the exception being the genus Nephrocerus whose hosts are adult Tipulidae (crane flies). The larvae develop rapidly within the crane flies before pupating in the soil.
 Afrasura camilla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 The Pelew flying fox (Pteropus pelewensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus found in the Pelew Islands. The species is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN due to commercial and small-scale hunting; commercial hunting for the species was banned in 1994 but local exploitation is commonplace. The species is listed on CITES appendix I.
 Nijinsky (21 February 1967 – 15 April 1992) usually known in the United States as Nijinsky II was a Canadian-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was the outstanding two-year-old in Europe in 1969 when he was unbeaten in five races. In the following season he became the first horse for thirty-five years to win the English Triple Crown.He was also historically important for establishing the international reputation of his sire Northern Dancer.
 The ariakehimeshirauo Neosalanx reganius is a species of icefish in the Salangidae family endemic to Japan. It is only known from Midori and Chikugo Rivers in Kyushu. Its maximum total length is 63 mm (2.5 in) and has a lifespan of about one year. It seems to be relatively rare in its limited habitat and is classified as a vulnerable species by IUCN.N. reganius is an estuarine species usually found in turbid waters with low salinity or in fresh water. It is a planktivore.
 Diedra is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Kazakhstan Blind Mole Rat (Spalax uralensis alternatively Ural Blind Mole Rat) is an extant species of blind mole rat indigenous to Kazakhstan along the Ural River basin and the flood plains of the Uil Temir and Emba rivers. Whereas the species inhabits an area approximately 100000 km2 in size the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) describes S. uralensis as rare and its habitat prone to overgrazing.
 Heteropygas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sarangesa aza is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in southern Sudan and north-western Tanzania.
 The Shortsnout Chromis Chromis brevirostris is a species of Chromis first described in 2008 from the Pacific Ocean around Palau. They have also been sighted in the Marshall Islands close to Fiji in the Caroline Islands from Puluwat to Palau and south of Vanuatu. It is generally abundant in its environment living at depths of 90–120 metres (300–390 ft) tending to live in groups ranging in size from six to several dozen.
 Conus brianhayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Senegal jack Caranx senegallus (also known as the African jack) is a species of large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed through the tropical waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean ranging along the west African coast from Angola in the south to Mauritania in the north. It can be distinguished from co-occurring relatives by its longer dorsal fin lobe as well as a host of other anatomical features.
 The thinlip mullet (Liza ramada) is a species of fish in the Mugilidae family. It is found in shallow European waters and is a migratory species.
 Canucha specularis is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in Hong Kong India southern China Sundaland and Sulawesi.
 Comptella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Annulobalcis vinarius is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Synemon heliopis is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia.The larvae probably feed on the roots of Ecdeiocolea monostachya and Spartochloa scirpoidea.
 Ptomophyle is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Antiplanes diomedea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Megoleria is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Constantino in 1999. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Hyposmocoma repandella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Molokai.
 Pseudophoxinus egridiri or the yag baligi is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Turkey in tributaries of Lake Egridir in Central Anatolia. It is considered critically endangered (CR).
 The grey sharpnose shark Rhizoprionodon oligolinx is a requiem shark family Carcharhinidae found in the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific Oceans between latitudes 30° N and 18° S from the surface to 36 m. Its length is up to about 70 cm.It is fished in the Gazetteer Indo-West Pacific and the waters from the Persian Gulf east to Thailand Indonesia China and Japan. It has also been found in the Gulf of Carpentaria and Palau.
 Epidesma metapolia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912. It is found in Colombia and Peru.
 Peristernia angulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eudendrium sagaminum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Falsitromina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Calydon (/ˈkælɨdɒn/) is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Calydon globithorax (Fairmaire & Germain 1861) Calydon submetallicum (Blanchard in Gay 1851)↑
 Orion maurus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Orion.
 Scarus is a genus of parrotfish. With at least 52 currently recognised extant species it is by far the largest genus in this group. The vast majority are found at reefs in the Indo-Pacific but a small number of species are found in the warmer parts of the eastern Pacific and the western and eastern Atlantic. Most are very colourful and have strikingly different initial (males and females) and terminal (males only) phases.
 Cyclophora culicaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern North America from Florida to Alabama and New Jersey.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to June and in August.The larvae feed on Leiophyllum buxifolium.
 Clanculus rarus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Incurvate Emerald (Somatochlora incurvata) is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is found in Canada and the United States. Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Euxoa distinguenda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in central southern and eastern Europe Turkey Lebanon Israel Jordan and western Asia.Adults are on wing from September to October. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Norape is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Tumidotheres maculatus is a species of crab that lives commensally or parasitically in the mantle cavity of molluscs. It is found along much of the western Atlantic Ocean and was first described by Thomas Say in 1818.
 Micrommata is a genus of huntsman spiders with palaearctic distribution (other than M. darlingi occurring in South Africa). The genus was first described by Pierre André Latreille in 1804.
 Trypeta concolor is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Risoba calainodes is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Sumatra.
 Mirosternus maurus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Eilema formosicola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1927. It is found in Taiwan.
 Acrolophus pseudohirsutus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Hasbrouck in 1964. It is found in North America including California and Arizona. It is also found in Brazil.
 Ostrinia palustralis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It has a transpalaearctic distribution. In Europe it is found from Sweden south to Italy and east through eastern Europe to Russia. However it is absent from the western part of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 29–42 mm.The larvae feed on Rumex species including Rumex hydrolapathum and Rumex aquaticus.
 Jacksonena rudis is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Euterebra angelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Common Metarranthis Moth (Metarranthis hypochraria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern North America.The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs but especially Prunus species. They are stick mimics. The larvae can be found from June to July in one generation per year.
 The Trochanteriidae are a spider family with 149 species in 18 genera.
 Zaphlegulus venturaensis is an extinct superficially mackerel-like fish related to the cutlassfish and snake mackerels found off the coast of what is now California during the late Miocene. Z. venturaensis was shorter but stouter than either of the other two better known genera of the extinct family Zaphlegidae Thyrsocles and Euzaphleges which also lived at the same time.
 Petroscirtes pylei the Twilight fangblenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean around Fiji. This species reaches a length of 4.1 centimetres (1.6 in) SL.
 Nygmia semifumosa is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is endemic to Borneo.
 Schinia scarletina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona Kansas New Mexico Utah California south to Baja California.The wingspan is about 20 mm.Larvae have been recorded on Stephanomeria.
 Dohertya is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. It contains the single species Dohertya cymatophoroides which is found in Burma.
 The African Yellow Warbler Dark-capped Yellow Warbler or Yellow Flycatcher-Warbler (Iduna natalensis) is a species of Acrocephalidae warblers; formerly these were placed in the paraphyletic Old World warblers.
 Leptodactylus syphax is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chrysoxena is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Aspidifrontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Deltaspis cruentus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1862.
 Epichlorops is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Aborichthys tikaderi is a species of stone loach endemic to Arunachal Pradesh India where it is only known from streams in the Namdapha Wildlife Sanctuary. This fish grows to a length of 10.5 centimetres (4.1 in) SL.
 Wilkes was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who became a leading sire in Australia. He had two victories over 1500 metres in the Prix Sans Souci at Maisons-Laffitte and the 2000 metres Prix Edgard de la Charm at Saint-Cloud for 1446200 francs (equivalent of A$2780) in stakes.
 Symphlebia aryllis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Venezuela.
 Somatina omicraria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
 Corycia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cucullia macara is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has been recorded from North Africa the Levant and the Arabian Peninsula.Adults are on wing from December to February. There is one generation per year.
 Blastovalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Strophurus is a genus of the Gekkonidae family found in Australia sometimes given the common name of tail-squirters and spiny-tailed geckos.
 Gymnelia flavicapilla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1931. It is found in Venezuela.
 Scartelaos is a genus of gobies native to the coasts of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Dendrocincla is a genus of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). It contains the following species: Tyrannine Woodcreeper Dendrocincla tyrannina Plain-winged Woodcreeper Dendrocincla turdina Tawny-winged Woodcreeper Dendrocincla anabatina Plain-brown Woodcreeper Dendrocincla fuliginosa White-chinned Woodcreeper Dendrocincla merula Ruddy Woodcreeper Dendrocincla homochroa
 Otukaia is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Calliostomatidae the top shells. Otukaia has long been considered a subspecies of Calliostoma and is still treated as such by many authorities.Snails in this genus are characterized by their relatively large silky-white thin shell. They lack an umbilicus. Their spiral whorls are flat to slightly convex. The first three spiral cords can show some sculpture that may persist on later whorls.
 Peale's dolphin (Lagenorhynchus australis) is a small dolphin found in the waters around Tierra del Fuego at the foot of South America. It is also commonly known as the black-chinned dolphin or even Peale's black-chinned dolphin. However since Rice's work Peale's dolphin has been adopted as the standard common name.
 Acalyptris limoniastri is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from the northern borders of the Sahara in Algeria and Tunisia.The wingspan is 5.5–6.6 mm.The immature stages are unknown. The species was collected in 1904 from bushes ofLimoniastrum guyonianum. These also had mines which probably belong to this species. These mines consist of a narrow gallery following the leaf margin upwards and down again along other the side. The frass is concentrated in narrow midline.
 Glyphipterix clearcha is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found on Java.
 The Mount Isarog Shrew Mouse (Archboldomys luzonensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.It is threatened by habitat loss due to logging operations.
 Omorgus granulatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae. It occurs in India and Sri Lanka.
 The Henderson Archaic Pigeon (Bountyphaps obsoleta) or Henderson Island Archaic Pigeon is an extinct bird in the Columbidae or pigeon family. It was described in 2008 as a new genus and species from subfossil remains found on Henderson Island in the Pitcairn Group of south-eastern Polynesia.
 Scythris laminella is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It was described by Denis & Schiffermuller in 1775. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Great Britain the Iberian Peninsula Slovenia and Ukraine) and Central Asia.The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on Rhytidiadelphus squarrosus and Hieracium pilosella.
 Lignicida is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anaesthetis testacea is a species of longhorn beetle. It is a common species in Europe that develops in the dead terminal twigs of deciduous trees and shrubs.
 Auratonota is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Echinomacrurus is a genus of rattails.
 Ethmia albilineata is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Agdistis frankeniae is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is found from Siberia through Central Asia the northern parts of Asia and North Africa along the Mediterranean and in the west from the Canary Islands to southern France.The wingspan is about 29 mm.The larvae feed on Limonium minutum and Frankenia species.
 Liptena albicans Cator’s Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and possibly Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 Morum macdonaldi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Scorpis is a genus of sea chubs native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
 Synodontis schoutedeni is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo. This species grows to a length of 17.1 centimetres (6.7 in) TL.
 Micropterix vulturensis is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Heath in 1981. It is widely distributed in the central and southern Apennines.At lower altitudes it inhabits open dry and somewhat rocky beech-mixed forest. Here adults fly on sunny clearings between thickets of Rubus and on grassy areas around bushes of Juniperus.
 Cephalotes supercilii is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of a tree. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Diporiphora is a genus of agamid lizards; most species are endemic to Australia but two (D. australis and D. bilineata) are also found in New Guinea.
 General Quarters (foaled March 7 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was a contender for the 2009 U.S. Triple Crown. He was sired by Sky Mesa winner of the 2002 Grade I Hopeful Stakes a son of the 1997 Blue Grass Stakes winner Pulpit. His dam is Ecology a daughter of the 1995 Breeders' Cup Juvenile winner Unbridled's Song.He is owned and trained by 75-year-old Tom McCarthy a retired high school teacher and principal.
 Imosca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The mink frog (Lithobates septentrionalis) is a small species of frog native to the United States and Canada. They are so named for their scent which reportedly smells like a mink. The scent is more akin to that of rotting onions to those unfamiliar with mink. It is also sometimes referred to as the north frog.
 Agrotis poliotis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Northern Territory of Queensland and Western Australia.The larvae have been recorded as sometimes damaging crops.
 Turrilitidae is a family of extinct heteromorph ammonite cephalopods. All members had shells that coiled helically that tended to resemble auger shells. The ecological roles turrilitids played is largely unknown as experts are still speculating what niches they filled.
 Lissotesta gittenbergeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Amphonyx vitrinus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Cuba and Hispaniola.Adults are probably on wing year round. They nectar at flowers.The larvae probably feed on Annonaceae species.
 Xyletobius euops is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Parastenocarididae is a family of copepods in the order Harpacticoida adapted to life in groundwater. It contains the following genera:
 Stenolemus lanipes is a species of thread-legged bug (Emesinae).This species feeds on spiders especially spiderlings of Parasteatoda tepidariorum. Stenolemus lanipes will not feed upon other insects such as (Drosophila) placed upon a web even to the point of starvation.
 Euphaedra morini is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba) and possibly Angola.
 The Scale-eye plaice Acanthopsetta nadeshnyi is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives at depths from between 18 metres (59 ft) to 900 metres (3000 ft). It can reach 46 centimetres (18 in) in length and can weigh up to 1.2 kilograms (2.6 lb). Its native habitat is the northern Pacific primarily from the Sea of Okhotsk to Japan and Korea though it is also found in the Bering Sea.
 Cryptoheros septemfasciatus (sometimes called the Seven-stripe Cichlid or Cutter's Cichlid) is a fish species in the cichlid family. It is found on the Atlantic slope of Costa Rica between the San Juan River drainage and the Banano River.
 Gerusia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aspella platylaevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Capito is a genus of birds in the Capitonidae family. They are found in humid forests in South America with a single species extending into eastern Panama. Slightly larger than the members of the genus Eubucco members of the genus Capito are all sexually dimorphic and thickset and have stubby pale bills that often are tipped black.
 Pyrgocythara hemphilli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Heliura fulvipicta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1911. It is found in Guyana.
 Telmatobius necopinus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Red-throated Ant Tanager (Habia fuscicauda) is a medium-sized passerine bird. This species is a resident breeder on the Caribbean slopes from southeastern Mexico to eastern Panama. It was usually considered an aberrant kind of tanager and placed in the Thraupidae but is actually closer to the cardinals (Cardinalidae).
 The Amur leopard (Panthera pardus orientalis) is a leopard subspecies native to the Primorye region of southeastern Russia and Jilin Province of northeast China and is classified as Critically Endangered since 1996 by IUCN. Only 14–20 adults and 5–6 cubs were counted in a census in 2007 with a total of 19–26 Amur leopards extant in the wild.The Amur leopard is also known as the Far Eastern leopard.
 Prosphodrus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Prosphodrus occultus Britton 1960 Prosphodrus waltoni Britton 1959↑
 Rhinella granulosa is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that can be found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Panama Paraguay Suriname and Venezuela.
 Emarginula thomasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Nausinoe is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Misurinellidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
 The Obscure Wainscot (Mythimna obsoleta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe from southern Fennoscandia to Spain Italy and the Balkans the European part of Russia the Caucasus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzia southern Siberia Turkey the Ural Mongolia the Russian Far East the Korean Peninsula China and Japan (Hokkaido and Honshu).The wingspan is 36–40 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Phragmites australis.
 Chortonoeca is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Algeria. It contains the species C. leucocraspia.
 The Jabiru (/ˌdʒæbɨˈruː/ or /ˈdʒæbɨruː/; Latin: Jabiru mycteria) is a large stork found in the Americas from Mexico to Argentina except west of the Andes. It is most common in the Pantanal region of Brazil and the Eastern Chaco region of Paraguay. It is the only member of the genus Jabiru. The name comes from a Tupi–Guaraní language and means swollen neck.
 The Dinidoridae are a small family of insects comprising about a hundred species in sixteen genera in the Hemipteran suborder Heteroptera the true bugs. As a group the family does not have any common name. Until the late 19th century they were generally regarded as a subfamily of the Pentatomidae.
 Bathycongrus is a genus of eels in the family Congridae.
 Colostethus murisipanensis is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Mesogenea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Vexillum hansenae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Cecidomyiidae (sometimes spelled Cecidomyidae) is a family of flies (order Diptera) known as gall midges or gall gnats. As the name implies the larvae of most gall midges feed within plant tissue creating abnormal plant growths called galls.Cecidomyiidae are very fragile small insects usually only 2–3 mm in length; many are less than 1 mm long.
 Cymbium is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Madecastalia albignaci is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Madecastalia.
 Fulda gatiana is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in northern Madagascar.
 Callipseustes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The rough-skinned newt (Taricha granulosa) is a North American newt known for the strong toxin exuded from its skin.
 Cerithiopsis satisnodosa is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rolán and Fernández-Garcés in 2010.
 Pseudostegania defectata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East and Japan.The wingspan is 21–25 mm.
 The Barred Hawk (Morphnarchus princeps) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It has also been known as the Black-chested Hawk.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Panama and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. 10000 to 100000 barred hawks are thought to exist throughout Central and South America.
 Labea is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Red Sea sailfin tang or Desjardin's sailfin tang (Zebrasoma desjardinii) is a marine reef tang in the fish family Acanthuridae.
 Dearly Precious (1973–1992) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Labdia is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The harlequin tree frog Rhacophorus pardalis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Thailand and the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hellinsia bhutanensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Bhutan.
 Oligonicella scudderi common name Scudder’s Mantis is a species of praying mantis native to the Southern United States.
 Acrobasis sirani is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Roesler and Küppers in 1981. It is found on Sumatra.
 Nanocladius is a genus of non-biting midges of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Anarsia patulella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Australia India Thailand Sri Lanka and Taiwan.
 Joculator bicinctus is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Lynx issiodorensis or Issoire Lynx was a species of lynx that inhabited Europe during the Pleistocene epoch and may have originated in Africa during the late Pliocene. It probably became extinct during the end of the last glacial period.It is generally considered as the ancestor of all four species of lynx alive today. Its skeleton resembled that of living lynxes but it had shorter and more robust limbs with a larger head and longer neck.
 The Black-throated Green Warbler (Setophaga virens) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family.It is 12 cm (4.7 in) long and weighs 9 g (0.32 oz) and has an olive-green crown a yellow face with olive markings a thin pointed bill white wing bars an olive-green back and pale underparts with black streaks on the flanks.
 Steneotarsonemus spinki the panicle rice mite spinki mite or rice tarsonemid mite is a species of mite in the family Tarsonemidae the white mites. It is a serious pest of rice in tropical Asia Central America and the Caribbean.
 Gonaepa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Megalomphalus margaritae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 The Supramonte cave salamander (Speleomantes supramontis) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to the island of Sardinia (Italy).Its natural habitats are temperate forests rocky areas caves and subterranean habitats (other than caves).It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Strigomerus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Strigomerus basilewskyanus Straneo 1954 Strigomerus cribratus Straneo 1942 Strigomerus damarensis (Kuntzen 1919) Strigomerus ferrugineus (Peringuey 1896) Strigomerus freyi Straneo 1958 Strigomerus girardi Straneo 1991 Strigomerus glaber Straneo 1941 Strigomerus katanganus Burgeon 1935 Strigomerus latibasis Straneo 1958 Strigomerus levisternus Straneo 1942 Strigomerus magnus (Straneo 1951) Strigomerus marshalli Straneo 1941 Strigomerus meruensis Straneo 1948 Strigomerus parvicollis Straneo 1939 Strigomerus schoenherri (Dejean 1831) Strigomerus sulcipennis (Dejean 1831) Strigomerus trisetosus Straneo 1986 Strigomerus troglophilus Straneo 1985↑
 Volvarina atabey is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Eloceria delecta is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Highland Splitfin (Hubbsina turneri) is a species of splitfin endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Lerma River basin. This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Paraoncidium keiense is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The Running Coua (Coua cursor) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Infurcitinea is a genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the Meessiinae one of the larger fungus moth subfamilies.
 Anystidae is a family of mites based on the genus Anystis. The family has a cosmopolitan distribution and contains generalist predators found on a variety of habitats.
 Lucaninae is the largest subfamily of the stag beetles (Lucanidae).Characteristics include partial to complete division of the eyes by a canthus geniculate antennae and distinctly separated coxae. The body is typically elongate and slightly flattened.
 Furvabromias is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cardioglossa oreas is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
 Commoris is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). The three described species are found on the West Indies.
 Cauvery rasbora or Rasbora caverii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora from India and Sri Lanka.
 Tiariturris spectabilis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Eupithecia villica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Tibet Yunnan).The wingspan is about 17–19 millimetres (0.67–0.75 in). The forewings are pale yellowish buff and the hindwings are white.
 Chlorocichla is a genus of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family. It contains the following species: Falkenstein's Greenbul (Chlorocichla falkensteini) Yellow-bellied Greenbul (Chlorocichla flaviventris) Joyful Greenbul (Chlorocichla laetissima) Prigogine's Greenbul (Chlorocichla prigoginei) Simple Greenbul (Chlorocichla simplex)
 Coloptychon rhombifer also known as the Isthmian Alligator Lizard is a species of lizard of the Anguidae family. It is found in both Costa Rica and Panama. Unlike many lizards near its habitat individuals have lateral folds. They give birth to live young. Examples of the species had not been seen during the latter half of the 20th century.
 Gesomyrmex flavescens is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 Paratylenchus elachistus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Acropoma is a genus of temperate ocean-basses native to the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean.
 Miraradula is a genus of predatory air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.
 The laughingthrushes are a family of mostly Old World passerine birds. They are rather diverse in size and coloration. These are birds of tropical areas with the greatest variety in Southeast Asia and the Indian Subcontinent. The entire family was previously included in the Timaliidae.
 Physiphora elbae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Physiphora of the family Ulidiidae.
 Ponginae is a subfamily in the hominidae family. Once a diverse lineage of Eurasian apes it is now represented by two species of orangutans the Sumatran orangutan (Pongo abelii) and the Bornean orangutan (Pongo pygmaeus). The Sumatran orangutan is now listed as critically endangered by the IUCN and the Bornean orangutan is listed as endangered.
 The Western Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax erythrothorax) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found at low levels in West African forests from Sierra Leone to Nigeria. It has been placed in the family Turdidae but is now generally placed in Muscicapidae. It commonly includes the other members in the genus Stiphrornis as subspecies in which case the common name for the combined species simply is Forest Robin.
 Dendropsophus pseudomeridianus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.
 Metasyleus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Emblemariopsis ruetzleri is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Belize in the western central Atlantic ocean.
 Gazoryctra sciophanes is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from the United States including North Carolina and Tennessee.The wingspan is about 35-38 mm.
 The Six-striped Rustic (Xestia sexstrigata) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe apart from the far south east.This is a fairly small species with a wingspan of 36–38 mm. It has pale brown forewings marked with six dark fascia although some of these can be indistinct. The hindwings are pale buff darker towards the margin.
 Neocrepidodera ferruginea is a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family. It is found in all of Europe.
 The Barn Owl (Tyto alba) is the most widely distributed species of owl and one of the most widespread of all birds. It is also referred to as Common Barn Owl to distinguish it from other species in the barn owl family Tytonidae. These form one of two main lineages of living owls the other being the typical owls (Strigidae). T. alba is found almost anywhere in the world except polar and desert regions Asia north of the Alpide belt most of Indonesia and the Pacific islands.
 Calophasidia radiata is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.
 Chloroclystis tortuosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Philippines (Luzon).
 Eugnosta fenestrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Beijing Jilin Qinghai) Mongolia and Russia.
 Chrysallida convexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Mashuna upemba is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in north-eastern Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and south-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of marshy areas and open grassy glades at high altitudes.
 Parakneria tanzaniae is a species of fish in the Kneriidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Musotima nitidalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand and most of Australia including Queensland Tasmania Victoria South Australia and Western Australia.Adults are brown with various white markings outlined in black on each forewing.The larvae feed on the undersides of the leaves of various Polypodiophyta species including Adiantum aethiopicum and Pteridium esculentum. They live in a sparse web. They are pale green with a transparent skin.
 Carmenta surinamensis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1878 and is known from Brazil Surinam Guyana Trinidad Panama and Costa Rica. The larva of the species have been found on seeds of the plant Prioria copaifera as well as plants in the genera Pentaclethra and Mora.
 Eois borrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Pilsbryspira leucocyma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Lobogenesis trematerrae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Western Cordillera of Colombia.The wingspan is 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish sprinkled and strigulated with dark brown and with dark brown markings. The hindwings are brownish cream strigulated with brownish.
 François' langur (Trachypithecus francoisi) also known as Francois' leaf monkey Tonkin leaf monkey or white side-burned black langur is a species of lutung and the type species of its species group. It is the least studied of the species belonging to the Colobinae subfamily.The species is distributed from Southwestern China to northeastern Vietnam. The total number of wild individuals is unknown but there are believed to be less than 500 left in Vietnam and 1400–1650 in China.
 Bailya intricata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pardosa profuga is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Hungary.
 Analeptes is a genus of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily. The species can be found in Central Africa.
 Gofasia atlantidis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Paracas Gecko (Phyllodactylus angustidigitus) is a medium-sized gecko with a maximum snout-vent length of 57 mm. This species is endemic from the Ica Region in southern Peru and its known geographical distribution is restricted to the Paracas National Reservation including two islands (La Vieja in the Bahia Independencia and Sangayan west of the Paracas Peninsula).
 Bazaria sieversi is a species of snout moth in the genus Bazaria. It was described by Christoph in 1877 and is known from Turkmenistan
 Thersistrombus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Asterropteryx is a genus of gobies native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Euchlorostola corydon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.
 Bucculatrix needhami is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida Kentucky Illinois Maine New York Ohio South Carolina and Texas.The wingspan is 13-15 mm. The forewings are white marked with irrorated fuscous streaks. The hindwings are pale grey. Adults are on wing from March to July.The larvae feed on Helianthus species. They create a gall which has the form of a thickening of the walls of the stem.
 Thoressa is a genus of skipper butterflies. They are (like some other skippers) commonly known as aces or ace butterflies.Species include: Southern Spotted Ace or Unbranded Ace Thoressa astigmata (Swinhoe 1890) Decorated Ace Thoressa decorata (Moore1881) Evershed's Ace Thoressa evershedi Madras Ace Thoressa honorei Tamil Ace or Sitala Ace Thoressa sitala
 Kalinga ornata is a species of large colorful nudibranch in the family Polyceridae. It is the only species in the genus Kalinga and is the type genus of the subfamily Kalinginae.
 Xanthorhoe mediofascia is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Heliocheilus julia is a North American moth in the family Noctuidae. Heliocheilus julia is attracted to lights. Its life history and host plants are unknown.
 Ermischiella nigriceps is a species of beetle in the Ermischiella genus. It was described in 1975.
 Allocnemis is a genus of damselfly in family Platycnemididae. It contains the following species: Allocnemis leucosticta Allocnemis mitwabae
 Eupithecia psiadiata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.The larvae feed on Psiadia arabica.
 The southern rock agama (Agama atra) is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family that occurs in South Africa. It lives in small colonies on rocky outcrops and the males are very conspicuous for their bright blue heads.
 Eugnosta parreyssiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in France Germany Austria Switzerland the Czech Republic Slovakia Romania and Russia.The larvae possibly feed on Jurinea cyanoides.
 Cerbalus is a genus of huntsman spiders occurring in northern Africa the Middle East and the Canary Islands. The genus was first described by Eugène Simon in 1897.
 Ypsora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Epermenia falciformis is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is found in Great Britain Fennoscandia Latvia Denmark Germany the Netherlands Belgium France Austria the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July and again from August to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Angelica sylvestris and Aegopodium podagraria.
 Charaxes cowani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes above 1000 meters.
 Cassis common name the helmet shells is a genus of very large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae the helmet shells and their allies. This is the type genus of the subfamily Cassinae.
 Ethmia cassiopeia is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Nominosuchus is a genus of protosuchian-grade crocodylomorph. It is known from several specimens discovered in ancient lake deposits of the Tithonian-age Upper Jurassic Tsagaantsav Formation southwestern Mongolia. The type specimen is PIN 4174/4 a partial skull. Nominosuchus was not large; its skull length is estimated at 60 millimetres (2.4 in). It was similar to Shartegosuchus and is assigned to the same family (Shartegosuchidae).
 The Comoro Rousette (Rousettus obliviosus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Comoros Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests caves plantations and urban areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The greater Cuban nesophontes (Nesophontes major) is an extinct species of soricomorph that was native to Cuba. It is thought that the introduction of rats lead to its demise.
 The Little Acraea (Acraea axina) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-west Africa in Zululand Zimbabwe Mozambique Transvaal Botswana and Malawi.The wingspan is 35–40 mm for males and 36–44 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from September to May. There are multiple generations per year.
 Thyrogonia aurantiiventris is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1953. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Chrysotoxum arcuatum is a species of hoverfly. It is widespread throughout Britain and Ireland but much more common in the upland districts of the north and west where it is typically found at ground level near woodland and moorland edges. The larvae are thought to feed on root aphids associated with ant colonies.
 Anconodon is an extinct genus of mammal from the Paleocene of North America and thus lived just after the age of the dinosaurs. It was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and possibly the family Cimolodontidae.The genus Anconodon was named by Jepsen G.L. in 1940. It is also known as Ectopodon (Russell 1967); Ectypodus (partly); Liotomus (partly); and Ptilodus (partly).
 Our Conor (28 April 2009–11 March 2014) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his performances in hurdle racing. As a four-year-old he won the Grade I Spring Juvenile Hurdle snd then recorded a fifteen-length win in the Triumph Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival. A year later he was fatally injured when falling in the Champion Hurdle.
 Natica perlineata is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Philippine long-tailed macaque (Macaca fascicularis philippensis) is a subspecies of the crab-eating macaque. It is found in most Philippine forests and woodlands but especially in the mangrove forests of western central Philippines— particularly in Palawan the Visayas and Mindanao. The names M. f. philippinensis or even M. f. philippinenesis have also been used but arise from orthographical error.
 Orthocomotis smaragditis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Madiama nigroscitalis is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Madiama. It was described by Walker in 1864. It was described from Sierra Leone but the type is lost.
 Xylophanes epaphus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from French Guiana possibly as far south asArgentina.It is somewhat similar to Xylophanes obscurus but generally paler and with a pinkish tint overall. The forewings are shorter and broader and less excavate below the apex.
 Caenides dacenilla the No-spot Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (the Cross River loop) and Cameroon. The habitat consists of dense forest.
 Tribolonotus gracilis is a species of skink endemic to New Guinea.
 Asura strigipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schaffer in 1914. It is found on Java Sumatra and in China (Shanghai Chekiang) Taiwan and India (Sikkim Assam).
 The Ryukyu flying fox or Ryukyu fruit bat (Pteropus dasymallus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Japan Taiwan and the Batanes and Babuyan Islands of the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss and by hunting for food and the IUCN classify it as Near Threatened.
 Ichoria thyrassia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1931. It is found in Colombia.
 The Yellow-Throated Woodland Warbler (Phylloscopus ruficapilla) is a species of Old World warbler (the Phylloscopidae family). It is found in Kenya Malawi Mozambique South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Vitacea is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Zosterisessor ophiocephalus the grass goby is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea the Sea of Azov and the Black Sea. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Tegeticula tambasi is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found from northern central San Luis Potosí south-east to Querétaro and south-westward beyond Morelia Michoacán.The wingspan is 20-24 mm for males and 26-27.5 mm for females. The forewings are white with a narrow band of dark brown scales. The hindwings are dark brownish grey or light brownish grey. Adults are on wing from late May to mid August.The larvae feed on Yucca filifera.
 A newt is an aquatic amphibian of the family Salamandridae although not all aquatic salamanders are considered newts. Newts are classified in the subfamily Pleurodelinae of the family Salamandridae and are found in North America Europe and Asia. Newts metamorphose through three distinct developmental life stages: aquatic larva terrestrial juvenile (called an eft) and adult.
 The Serpent Island Gecko (Nactus serpensinsula) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.It is endemic to Mauritius.
 Homoeosoma asbenicola is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Rothschild in 1921. It is found in Niger.
 Burnupena cincta common name the ridged burnupena is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.Subspecies Burnupena cincta cincta (Röding 1798) (synonyms: Buccinum cinctum Röding 1798 (basionym); Cominella cincta var. adjacens Turton 1932; Cominella dunkeri Kobelt 1878; Cominella semisulcata G.B.
 Schistura rikiki is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Aroaphila is a genus of true weevil family.
 Agabetes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Agabetes acuductus (Harris 1828) Agabetes svetlanae Nilsson 1989↑
 The Yellow-spotted snake eel (Callechelys lutea) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John Otterbein Snyder in 1904.
 The Dot-Eared Coquette (Lophornis gouldii) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Brachyceran infraorder Xylophagomorpha is a small group that consists solely of the family Xylophagidae which presently contains subfamilies that were sometimes considered to be two small related families (Coenomyiidae and Rachiceridae). Other obsolete names for members of this family include Exeretonevridae and Heterostomidae.The family is known by the English name awl-flies.The larvae are often saprophages and many can be found in rotting wood.
 The Southern Vietnamese box turtle (Cuora picturata) is endemic to the southern mountainous regions of Vietnam and possibly also occurring in extreme eastern Cambodia and southern Laos. This species was initially described as a subspecies of Cuora galbinifrons but was shown to be genetically distinct. This is the same for Cuora galbinifrons bourreti which is much closer related to Cuora galbinifrons though in osteology genetics and morphology than is Cuora picturata to either one.
 Phyllonorycter mespilella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Germany to the Iberian Peninsula Sardinia Italy and the Carpathian Mountains and from Ireland to southern Russia. It also occurs over much of western North America from California north to British Columbia and east to Utah and New Mexico.The wingspan is 6–8 mm.
 Glaucicodia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tritonia peregrina is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 The Sciurinae is a subfamily of squirrels in the (family Sciuridae). It unites the flying squirrels with certain related tree squirrels. Older sources[citation needed] place the flying squirrels in a separate subfamily (Pteromyinae) and unite all remaining sciurids into the subfamily Sciurinae but this has been strongly refuted by genetic studies.[citation needed]
 Agylla sinensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1899. It is found in western China.
 Ictidopsis is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Nebria spatulata is a species of brownish-black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of California.
 Habronematoidea is a superfamily of spirurian nematodes in the large order Spirurida. Like all nematodes they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system.Though none of the families placed here are overly diverse they are quite large except for the monotypic Hedruridae.
 The Sprinkled Rustic (Hoplodrina respersa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from southern and central Europe the southern part of European Russia Asia Minor Turkey and Transcaucasus.Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Mendosoma lineatum the telescope fish is a species of trumpeter native to the subantarctic and cooler temperate waters of the Southern Ocean. It inhabits tide pools and surge channels and has been found living inside such invertebrates as salps. It occurs from near the surface to a depth of about 20 metres (66 ft). This species can reach a length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Ancylometis paulianella is a species of moths in the Oecophoridae family. It occurs on Réunion.
 Jordanita chloros is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
 Amyrmex golbachi is a rare Neotropical species of ant and the only known species in the genus Amyrmex. It is currently only known from males from the Amazon basin of Brazil and from northern Argentina.
 Hediste diversicolor commonly known as a ragworm is a polychaete worm in the family Nereidae. It lives in a burrow in the sand or mud of beaches and estuaries in intertidal zones in the north west Atlantic. This species is used in research but its classification is in dispute and in the literature it is often classified as Nereis diversicolor (O.F. Müller 1776). Its specific name diversicolor refers to the fact that its colour changes from brown to green as the breeding season approaches.
 Felimida rodomaculata is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Olegonegrobovia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Tambja affinis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.
 Choiaella is an extinct genus of demosponge ranging from the Chengjiang lagerstatten until the Lower Silurian.It is closely related to the genera Choia and Allantospongia which the Chengjiang fauna species C. radiata coexisted sympatrically with.The species C. scotica is known from the Caradoc-aged fine sandstone of Wallace's Cast Southern Uplands of Scotland.The Silurian species has not been formally named.
 Eurhodope incensella is a species of snout moths in the genus Eurhodope. It was described by Staudinger in 1859. It is found in Spain and North Africa.
 The Japanese Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone atrocaudata) also called the Black Paradise Flycatcher is a medium-sized passerine bird.
 Eupithecia conviva is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.
 Elachista catalunella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Spain.
 Zontia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Cerithiopsis honora is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Dall in 1927.
 Oxynoemacheilus leontinae is a species of stone loach found in Israel Jordan Lebanon and Syria.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Ancylometis ansarti is a species of moths in the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Réunion.
 Monocondica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Brasilennea guttula is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerionidae from the Paleocene Itaboraí Basin Brazil. Brasilennea guttula shows a peculiar shell shape distinct from the other species in the genus; the shape is reminiscent of a water drop which led to the specific epithet of Brasilennea guttula.
 Monodontides luzonensis is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Philippines (Luzon).
 Thierry's Cylindrical Skink (Chalcides thierryi) is a species of skink found in northern Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Mali Senegal.
 The Lesser Florican (Sypheotides indicus) also known as the Likh is a large bird in the bustard family and the only member of the genus Sypheotides. It is endemic to the Indian Subcontinent where it is found in tall grasslands and is best known for the leaping breeding displays made by the males during the Monsoon season. The male has a contrasting black and white breeding plumage and distinctive elongated head feathers that extend behind the neck.
 Agonum belleri sometimes called Beller's ground beetle is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily.
 Echinolittorina aspera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Typhlops leucomelas is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Ancylostoma is a genus that includes some species of hookworm.Species include: Ancylostoma braziliense commonly infects cats popularly known in Brazil as bicho-geográfico Ancylostoma caninum commonly infects dogs Ancylostoma ceylanicum Ancylostoma duodenale Ancylostoma pluridentatum commonly infects sylvatic cats Ancylostoma tubaeforme infects cats along with other hosts
 The large-eared oldfield mouse (Thomasomys macrotis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is known only from a single locality in the Andes in north central Peru (which includes Rio Abiseo National Park) in montane forest at an elevation of 3300 m. It has terrestrial habits and is sympatric with T. apeco.
 The Steere's Liocichla (Liocichla steerii) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is endemic to Taiwan.
 Cronicombra is a genus of sedge moths.
 Scaeva selenitica is a European species of hoverfly.It is a large distinctive fly with three pairs of yellow comma markings (lunules) on the abdomen these are white on Scaeva pyrastriAdults are common visitors to flowers. The larvae feed on aphids.
 Hypoprepia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Platysuchus is an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform from the Early Jurassic (Toarcian). All specimens are known from Germany.
 Drillia spirostachys is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Brown Tussock Moth Olene mendosa is a species of moth found in India Taiwan Borneo and Australia.
 Oligoaeschna kunigamiensis is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is endemic to Japan.
 The scoters are stocky seaducks in the genus Melanitta. The drakes are mostly black and have swollen bills. Females are brown.They breed in the far north of Europe Asia and North America and winter further south in temperate zones of those continents. They form large flocks on suitable coastal waters. These are tightly packed and the birds tend to take off together.Their lined nests are built on the ground close to the sea lakes or rivers in woodland or tundra.
 The Andalusian Anomalous Blue or Polyommatus (Agrodiaetus) violetae is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the south (ssp. violetae) and south-east (ssp. subbaeticus) of the Iberian Peninsula (Spain). Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Rimula exquisita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Pristilepis oligolepis the spinyface soldier is a species of soldierfish found in association with reefs in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. It can be found at depths of from 14 to 220 metres (46 to 722 ft). This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Stibaena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Valenzuela despaxi is a species of Psocoptera from Caeciliusidae family that can be found in Austria Belgium Bulgaria Finland France Germany Hungary Luxembourg Norway Poland Spain Sweden and Switzerland.
 Caryocolum cassella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the France Germany Austria Switzerland Denmark Scandinavia Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Romania Estonia Lithuania Ukraine Belarus and Russia. It is also found in North America where it has been recorded from Alberta Saskatchewan California and Nevada. A record from Japan (Hokkaido) might also refer to this species.The length of the forewings is 5.5-6.5 mm for males and 5.5–6 mm for females.
 Myrmeleontiformia is a lacewing suborder in the order Neuroptera.
 The Eurasian Bittern or Great Bittern (Botaurus stellaris) is a wading bird of the heron family Ardeidae. It is one of the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds (AEWA) applies.
 The Crimson-backed Flameback (Chrysocolaptes stricklandi) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found on Sri Lanka. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Greater Flameback.
 Oreophryne sibilans is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Odostomia aepynota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Papyridea soleniformis or the spiny paper cockle is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies.
 Barbus brevipinnis the shortfin barb is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Africa where it occurs in the Sabie-Komati and the Steelpoort-Limpopo river systems. It inhabits well vegetated headwater streams. This species can reach a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Tobacco Stem Borer (Scrobipalpa aptatella) is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia.The larvae feed on Nicotiana tabacum.
 Caina is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893.
 Hemidactylus porbandarensis is a species of gecko found in Gujarat India.
 The East Canary Gecko or Canary Wall Gecko (Tarentola angustimentalis) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family. It is endemic to the eastern Canary Islands.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas rocky shores sandy shores intertidal marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens and urban areas.
 The White-winged Becard (Pachyramphus polychopterus) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae. where now placed by SACC.
 Trilophidius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trilophidius alluaudi Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius basilewskyi Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius bayoni Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius carinatus Balkenohl 2001 Trilophidius cervilineatus Balkenohl 2001 Trilophidius congoanus (Burgeon 1935) Trilophidius decorsei Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius devroeyi Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius ellenbergeri Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius endroedii Balkenohl 2001 Trilophidius fastigatus Balkenohl 2001 Trilophidius impunctatus (Putzeys 1868) Trilophidius itombwanus Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius kahuzicus Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius leleupi Jeannel 1957 Trilophidius minutulus Balkenohl 2001 Trilophidius pallidus (Basilewsky 1950) Trilophidius rudebecki (Basilewsky 1947) Trilophidius ugandanus Basilewsky 1962↑
 Hypsopygia fulvocilialis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Southern Europe as far north as Hungary. It formerly was (and sometimes still is) placed in the genus Herculia.The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
 Materpiscis (Latin for mother fish) is a genus of ptyctodontid placoderm (a class of extinct superficially shark-like armored fishes) from the Late Devonian located at the Gogo Formation of Western Australia. Known from only one specimen it is unique in having an unborn embryo present inside Materpiscis and with remarkable preservation of a mineralised placental feeding structure (umbilical cord).
 The opalfish Hemerocoetes monopterygius is a duckbill of the genus Hemerocoetes found only around New Zealand at depths of between 5 and 200 m. Their length is between 10 and 25 cm.
 Progomphus risi is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Guatemala and Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Angiopus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Amata heptaspila is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia.
 Comitas breviplicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Nothobranchius jubbi is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The White-headed Bulbul (Hypsipetes thompsoni) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae). It is the sometimes separated in a monotypic genus Cerasophila (literally meaning cherry-lover).It is found in Burma Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Willmanniella is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Setia maculata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The true katydid subfamily Pseudophyllinae contains numerous species of Tettigoniidae (katydids or bush crickets). Like the other crickets of suborder Ensifera it is part of the insect order Orthoptera which also contains e.g. grasshoppers and locusts.Due to the massive diversity of this subfamily it is not unequivocally delimited versus its relatives yet. Some additional genera such as Phricta of the Mecopodinae are sometimes placed here.
 Pardaleodes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The ocean pout (Zoarces americanus) is an eelpout in the family Zoarcidae. It is found in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean off the coast of New England and eastern Canada. The fish has antifreeze proteins in its blood giving it the ability to survive in near-freezing waters.Scientists have done studies wherein genes are taken from the ocean pout and implanted into salmon in an attempt to make the latter grow faster.
 Lymexylon is a genus of beetles in the family Lymexylidae containing the following species: Lymexylon amamianum Kurosawa 1985 Lymexylon miyakei Nakane 1985 Lymexylon navale Linnaeus 1758 Lymexylon persicus Foursow 1935 Lymexylon rufficole Kurosawa 1949↑
 Carabus elysii elysii is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to China. They could be found in the cities like Anhui Hubei Hunan and Sichuan. The subspecies are black coloured with either brown or pink pronotum.
 Alucita atomoclasta is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from São Tomé and Principe.
 Hippopotamus major is an extinct species of hippopotamus found in Pleistocene fossil sites in Europe and Great Britain.
 Nassarius cernohorskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Cnephasitis apodicta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Burma and China (Shanxi).
 Lagynopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Arthrolycosa (meaning wolf [spider] with joints) is an extinct genus of spiders that lived about 300-250 million years ago. Fossils have been found Mazon Creek USA and in the Kirov Oblast region of Russia which consisted of a single carapace. The carapace is about as wide as it is long.Arthrolycosa is estimated to have grown to a length of 2 inches (5 centimeters) and may have preyed upon insects and other smaller animals that lived alongside it.
 Mitra (Mitra) coffea common name : the coffee mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The goldenrod soldier beetle or Pennsylvania leatherwing Chauliognathus pensylvanicus is a species of soldier beetle (Cantharidae). The specific epithet pensylvanicus is Latin for of Pennsylvania. The spelling with one n was in common use at the time (de Geer says in the description that the specimen was sent to him from Pensylvanie) so the species name based on it can't be corrected under the rules governing scientific names. The species is native to North America.
 Lobesiodes is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Thalassoplanes modesta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The black soldier fly or Hermetia illucens is a common and widespread fly of the family Stratiomyidae whose larvae are common detritivores in compost heaps. Larvae are also sometimes found in association with carrion and have significant potential for use in forensic entomology.Black soldier fly larvae (BSFL) may be used in manure management for house fly control and for the bioconversion of organic waste material.
 Ephestia is a genus of small moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. Some species are significant pests of dry plant produce such as seeds and cereals. Best known among these are probably the cacao moth (E. elutella) and the Mediterranean flour moth (E. kuehniella).The genus Cadra is closely related to Ephestia and might be a junior synonym. Several of these moths are variously assigned to one or the other genus in particular in non-entomological sources.
 Hermonassa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Manoba banghaasi is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by West in 1929. It is found in Japan.
 Carposina roesleri is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Amsel in 1977. It is found in Iran.
 Stenostrophia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stenostrophia amabilis (LeConte 1857) Stenostrophia coquilletti (Linell 1897) Stenostrophia tribalteata (LeConte 1873)↑
 The pitted stingray (Dasyatis matsubarai) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae endemic to the waters around Japan and the Sea of Japan. It typically found near the coast at depths of 40–60 m (130–200 ft) but may also venture into the open sea. Measuring up to 1.2 m (3.9 ft) across the pitted stingray has a diamond-shaped pectoral fin disc with a characteristic W-shaped groove on the underside.
 The Indonesian angelshark (Squatina legnota) is a rare species of angel shark family Squatinidae known only from a few specimens collected from fish landing sites in southern Indonesia. It is thought to inhabit the deep waters of the continental slope. Reaching at least 1.34 m (4.4 ft) long this species has a flattened ray-like shape and a well-developed tail and caudal fin.
 The nut weevil (Curculio nucum) is a medium-sized beetle with an especially elongated snout characteristic of the Curculionini tribe of the weevil family (Curculionidae). Its larvae develop in hazel nuts Corylus avellana being a serious pest in hazenut orchards. It occurs in most of Europe from south Sweden Finland and Great Britain to the Mediterranean.
 Diplacodes deminuta the Little Percher or Tiny Percher is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Malawi Namibia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia and possibly Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Scenella is an extinct genus of fossil invertebrate animal which is generally considered to be a mollusc; at various times it has been suggested that this genus belongs with the gastropods the monoplacophorans or the helcionellids although no firm association with any of these classes has been established. An affinity with the hydrozoa (as a flotation device) has been considered although some authors oppose this hypothesis.
 Bucculatrix paroptila is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Maine Massachusetts Ontario and Nova Scotia.The wingspan is 6-7 mm. The forewings are golden brown each scale tipped with darker brown. The markings are brilliant silvery. The hindwings are dark grey-brown. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Comptonia asplenifolia and Myrica gale.
 Mordella undulata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1845.
 Aquila minuta redirects here. If based on Brehm (1831) it refers to this bird. The fossil bird described under the same name by Milne-Edwards (1871) is preliminarily known as Hieraaetus edwardsi but might belong in Aquila.The Booted Eagle (Aquila pennata) (formerly Hieraaetus pennatus) is a medium-sized bird of prey. It is about 46 centimetres (18 in) in length and has a wingspan of 120 centimetres (47 in).
 Papyrius is a genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
 Orthetrum caffrum the Two-striped Skimmer or White-lined Skimmer is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Cameroon Chad Ivory Coast Ethiopia Guinea Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Sierra Leone South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi and possibly Gambia.
 Meridyrias is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phyllorhinichthys balushkini is a species of dreamer found in the Atlantic Ocean. The females of this species grow to a length of 14.5 centimetres (5.7 in) SL. The illicium is longer than that of P. micractis. The esca bears a single forward appendage containing a pair of internal light-guiding tubes that diverge from each other at the tip. The rear escal appendage is extremely long measuring over half the length of the fish covered with dark skin and ending in a pair of translucent bulbs.
 Dasyphora is a genus from the fly family Muscidae.
 Agallidwipa pauliana is a species of leafhopper from Madagascar.
 Stigmella leucargyra is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from the south-eastern coast of New South Wales.The wingspan is about 3.7 mm for males and 4-4.2 mm for females.The larvae feed on Correa reflexa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an irregular contorted gallery in the leaf.Larvae where found in July and August. Adults emerged in early September. The larvae are bright green with a blackish head.
 The oceanic puffer Lagocephalus lagocephalus is a pufferfish of the family Tetraodontidae found in all tropical and subtropical oceans at depths of between 10 and 475 m. Its length is up to 61 cm. It is thought to be responsible for fatal poisoning therefore it should not be eaten.
 Mordellistena falsoparvula is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1956 by Ermisch.
 Papilio thuraui is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Tanzania Malawi Zambia and Congo Republic.The larvae feed on Toddalia species including T. asiatica.
 The Blurry Chocolate Angle (Macaria transitaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is 23–26 mm.The larva feed on Pinus species.
 Selenochlamys pallida is a species of predatory air-breathing land slug. It is a shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Trigonochlamydidae.Selenochlamys pallida is the type species of the genus Selenochlamys.
 Baryssinus marisae is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Monné in 1974.
 Raeticodactylus (meaning 'Raetia finger') is a genus of non-pterodactyloid pterosaur from the late Norian-early Rhaetian-age Upper Triassic lower Kössen Formation of the central Austroalpine of Grisons Switzerland. It is known from holotype BNM 14524 a single disarticulated partial skeleton including an almost complete skull found in August 2005. This genus was named and described in 2008 by its discoverer Rico Stecher; the type species is Raeticodactylus filisurensis.
 Walsinghamiella illustris is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Kenya.
 Dolichomia craspedalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Brazil.
 The western nectar bat (Lonchophylla hesperia) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stigmella pyrellicola is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece Turkey and Cyprus.The larvae feed on Rhamnus lycioides Rhamnus oleoides microphyllus and Rhamnus pyrellus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long corridor that runs though the leaf two to three times. The frass is concentrated in a broad central line.
 Centruroides bicolor is a species of bark scorpion from Central America. Its specific name bicolor is from the Latin meaning two colored and refers to the markings of this species.
 Uroactinia is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata placed in its own family Uroactinidae.
 Stenopa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Nesticella is a genus of spiders that occurs from Russia to Japan down to Indonesia and several other islands including New Guinea. It includes a blind spider Nesticella marapu.
 Otopheidomenidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 Zalea is a genus of beach flies flies in the family Canacidae. All known species are Australasian.
 Orthogonius rotundatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Geocrinia lutea is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family. It is sometimes named for the nearby towns thus the Nornalup or Walpole frog.It is endemic to Southwest Australia home to five of the seven cogenors in the Geocrinia family.It is threatened by habitat loss and an altered fire regime this and other factors contributed to the 2004 reassessment as Near Threatened (NT).The habit appearance and ecology is similar to that of the species Geocrinia rosea.
 The Five-striped Sparrow (Amphispiza quinquestriata) is a medium-sized sparrow.This passerine bird is primarily found along the eastern Sea of Cortez region and Pacific region of mainland western Mexico with a breeding range that extends into the southern tip of the U.S.
 Carabus ullrichi is a species of ground beetle from the Carabidae family that can be found in Bulgaria the Czech republic Germany Great Britain Hungary Luxembourg Moldova Poland Romania Slovakia the Ukraine and all of the republics of the former Yugoslavia. They are coloured black with a green pronotum.
 The woodlouse spider Dysdera crocata is a species of spider that preys exclusively upon woodlice. Other common names refer to variations on the common name of its prey. These are woodlouse hunter sowbug hunter sowbug killer pillbug hunter and slater spider.
 Amaurobius annulatus is a spider species found in the Balkans.
 Hyponerita pinon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1911. It is found in Brazil.
 Isognathus swainsonii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from French Guiana Peru and Brazil to Bolivia.The wingspan is about 82 mm.
 Xenochroa is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 The Streaked Rictonis Moth (Proteuxoa tortisigna) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland Tasmania and VictoriaThe wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Poaceae species Pelargonium x zonale and Narcissus pseudonarcissus.
 Protolophus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Copelatus celinoides is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Neobernaya spadicea previously known as Cypraea spadicea common name the chestnut cowrie is a species of temperate sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Synergy (foaled April 23 2005) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who was bred in France. She is a bay mare by Victory Note (by Fairy King) out of Kuddam (by Doyoun). Synergy is a full sister to Veendam a winner in France. Synergy is owned by De La Fuente Stud a group of owners from Madrid Spain. During her career Synergy became a popular filly among Spanish race fans known for her determination to win races.
 Arctocephalites is an extinct ammonitic cephalopod genus from the Middle Jurassic with a wide northern distribution belonging to the stephanoceratacean family Cardioceratidae.The inner whorls of the Arctocephalites shell are sharply ribbed but change abruptly to smooth.
 Huroniella is an extinct genus of prehistoric nautiloid. The nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species.
 Belgrandiella fuchsi is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Xiphinema index (California dagger nematode) is a plant-parasitic nematode.
 Onoba galaica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Hypsopygia nitidicilialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hering in 1901. It is found on Sumatra.
 Eulitoma josephinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Archbold's Nightjar (Eurostopodus archboldi) also known as the Mountain Eared-nightjar is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is named after American explorer Richard Archbold.
 Epicnaptera is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Asura unilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon).
 Kondoconcha is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Acraea viviana the Straw-coloured Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Angola the north-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub-montane forests at altitudes above 1300 meters.The larvae feed on Triumfetta rhomboidea.
 Lophocampa sesia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Sepp in 1852. It is found in Surinam.
 The Scalloped Oak (Crocallis elinguaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is a common European species.This is a distinctive species usually with yellow forewings with a broad orange-brown band and a pointed apex. There can be considerable variation with the central band sometimes the same colour as the rest of the forewing ranging from pale yellow to orange-brown. Melanic forms are also known. There is always a blackish discal spot on the forewing. The hindwings are plain whitish.
 Picrorrhyncha pista is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1973. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Fusconaia barnesiana is a species of bivalve in the Unionidae family. It is endemic to the United States.
 Anophiodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista pullicomella is a moth of the Elachistidae family.
 Acteocina is a genus of very small sea snails bubble snails marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Cylichnidae the canoe bubbles or chalice bubble snails.
 The Forest Hinge-back Tortoise (Kinixys erosa) serrated hinge-back tortoise or Schweigger's tortoise is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family. Another species Psammobates oculifer also goes by the same name of Serrated tortoise.This species is indigenous to the tropical forests and marshes of central and west Africa.
 Xyletobius marmoratus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Psilorhynchus rahmani is a fish found in genus Psilorhynchus.
 Pronola magniplaga is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1899. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo) and Bolivia.
 Mandela is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Yellow-billed Kingfisher (Syma torotoro) is a medium-sized (length 20 cm wingspan 29 cm weight 40 g) tree kingfisher. Its colouring is distinctive; it has an orange head and neck with a black nape patch and white throat. Adult females also have a black crown patch. The upper mantle is blackish grading to olive green on the back blue-green on rump and with a blue tail. The upperwing is dull green-blue with dark olive-black flight feathers. The underparts are pale orange-grey.
 Scopula acinosa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the island of São Tomé.
 Harlan's Holiday (foaled in April 6 1999 in Ohio - died November 1 2013 in Mar de Plata Argentina) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won three Grade 1 stakes before retiring to stud where he has become a successful sire.
 Tactusa assamiensis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Assam in India.The wingspan is about 11.5 mm. There is a very large triangular dark-brown and brown patch on the forewing that extends from the antemedial point on the costa to the apex including the fringes and tornal edge. There is also a large patch in the middle which is slightly lighter brown. Only the terminal lines are visible as blackish-brown interneural spots.
 Fusinus blakensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Macrodontopteryx is a genus of the prehistoric pseudotooth birds of somewhat doubtful validity. These animals were probably rather close relatives of either pelicans and storks or of waterfowl and are here placed in the order Odontopterygiformes to account for this uncertainty.
 The Martin's Toadlet (Uperoleia martini) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Laubuca dadiburjori a Danionin known as the Dadio is one of the smallest members of the genus Chela it is rarely seen in the aquarist hobby but is not entirely unlike the Danio nigrofasciatus in appearance. Laubuca dadiburjori is a gold/silver fish with a blue line it has two colour morphs one with a distinct blue line the other with a dotted blue line. Barbels are not present. Like most Danionins this fish has a tendency to jump. A tight fitting lid with no gaps is recommended.
 Mordellistena gfelleri is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1990 by Horak.
 Ocnogyna advena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1787. It is found in North Africa.
 The mooneye (Hiodon tergisus) is a freshwater fish that is widespread across eastern North America.
 Galaxias papilionis is an extinct species of bony fish in the genus Galaxias. It existed in what is now New Zealand in the early Miocene period. It was described by Werner Schwarzhans R. Paul Scofield Alan J. D. Tennyson Jennifer P. Worthy and Trevor H. Worthy in 2012.
 Nesolynx is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Epinotia pusillana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from France to Poland and Finland.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July in Germany and in July and August in Poland.The larvae feed on Abies alba. They mine the needles of the host plant.
 Eumetula michaelseni is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Strebel in 1905.
 Chrysomphe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Orange Chat (Epthianura aurifrons) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Scarodytes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Scarodytes halensis (Fabricius 1787) Scarodytes malickyi Wewalka 1977 Scarodytes margaliti Wewalka 1977 Scarodytes nigriventris (Zimmermann 1919) Scarodytes pederzanii Angelini 1973 Scarodytes ruffoi Franciscolo 1961 Scarodytes savinensis (Zimmermann 1933)↑
 Ligidium japonicum is a species of woodlouse found in moist forests in Japan. Individuals may live for up to two years and reach a length of 8 millimetres (0.31 in).
 Nebalia is a genus of small crustaceans containing more than half of the species in the order Leptostraca with around 30 species:
 The white suckerfish or mantasucker Remora albescens is a species of remora in the family Echeneidae a group of elongated marine fish with adhesive discs for attaching to larger organisms.
 Euphaedra afzelii the Green Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone. The habitat consists of dense forests.
 Cymothoe zombana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Malawi (the Zomba and Nyika plateaus).
 Cordulegaster trinacriae is a species of dragonfly in family Cordulegastridae. It is endemic to Italy. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Ruffed Grouse (Bonasa umbellus) is a medium-sized grouse occurring in forests from the Appalachian Mountains across Canada to Alaska. It is non-migratory.The Ruffed Grouse is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a partridge an unrelated phasianid and occasionally confused with the Grey Partridge a bird of open areas rather than woodlands.The Ruffed Grouse is the state bird of Pennsylvania USA.
 The Emerald-chinned Hummingbird (Abeillia abeillei) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Stigmella gustafssoni is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Capuse in 1975. It is found in Zambia.
 Diploschizia kutisi is a species of sedge moths in the genus Diploschizia. It was described by Heppner in 1997. It is found in Florida.
 Agrotis submolesta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 The New Zealand Fairy Tern (Sternula nereis davisae) also known as the tara-iti is a small tern which breeds on the lower half of the Northland Peninsula of the North Island of New Zealand. It is the smallest tern breeding in New Zealand and is a subspecies of the fairy tern.Breeding is limited to four regular sites: Waipu Mangawhai Pakiri and the South Kaipara Head. The wintering range of the birds extends over the Kaipara Harbour.
 Hypseleotris regalis the Prince Regent gudgeon is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Australia where it is only known to occur in clear rocky pools in the Prince Regent Reserve in Western Australia. This species can reach a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 The MacGregor's Bowerbird (Amblyornis macgregoriae) is a medium-sized up to 26 cm long olive brown bowerbird of New Guinea's mountain forests roughly the size and shape of a robin. The male is adorned with an erectile orange yellow crest that is partly hidden until shown in courtship display. The unadorned female is similar to the male but without the crest.
 The Marquesan Kingfisher (Todiramphus godeffroyi) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cryptorhynchinae is a large subfamily of weevils (Curculionidae) with some 6000 species. They are merged into the Baridinae Curculioninae or Molytinae in some treatments.They are distinguished by having their rostrum (snout) backwardly directed between their fore coxae in repose and fitting within a protective channel that usually ends in a cup-like structure on the mesosternum (ventral mid thoracic segment). The ends of the tibiae also bear an uncus (small hook-like extensions).
 Callionymus zythros is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around Papua New Guinea where it occurs at depths of from 20 to 27 metres (66 to 89 ft).
 Brachalletes was an early marsupial from the Pleistocene deposits of Australia. Its relationship with other marsupial species is under debate. The genus is extinct.The species was assigned to the order Diprotodontidae and family Macropodidae by McKenna and Bell in 1997 though it is placed in its own order by other authorities.The species is described as an active carnivore.
 Nebulosa crypsispila is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Lycomorphodes epatra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Gibberula catenata is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Nephele rosae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Africa.The length of the forewings is 40–45 mm. It is very similar to Nephele oenopion but larger and the subbasal band is wider and without white edges. The stigma is present in the form of a small white comma. The postmedial band is proximally straight and edged with white. The distal border is without white edging. The marginal area is as in Nephele oenopion but even more irregular and more contrasting with ground colour.
 Cerace diehli is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and on Sumatra.
 Heliura baleris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1910. It is found in Mexico.
 Colostethus pseudopalmatus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Nereididae (formerly spelled Nereidae) are a family of polychaete worms. It contains about 500 – mostly marine – species grouped into 42 genera. They may be commonly called Ragworms or Clam worms.
 Helpaphorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 The Scytodoidea are a superfamily of spiders. They contain four families of six-eyed spiders: Drymusidae Periegopidae Scytodidae Sicariidae
 Priolepis is a genus of gobies with a cosmopolitan distribution.
 Tatari is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) that is endemic to the New Hebrides (Vanuatu).
 Cycloramphus eleutherodactylus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Atlantic Titi or Masked Titi Callicebus personatus is a species of titi a type of New World monkey endemic to Brazil.
 Enispe intermedia Rothschild 1916 is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 The Rooiberg Skolly (Thestor rooibergensis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is found in fynbos covered mountain slopes in the Rooiberg area above Ladismith in the West Cape.The wingspan is 26–28 mm for males and 27–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from the September to December with a peak in October. There is one generation per year.
 Physa mezzalirai is a fossil species of extinct air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae. This species has a small and left-handed (or sinistral) shell as is always the case in this family. Physa mezzalirai dates from the Senonian (Upper Cretaceous) of the Adamantina Formation (Bauru Group) in São Paulo state Brazil.
 Deuterocopus tengstroemi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Java and Queensland.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Vitis quadrangularis.
 Boreoscala zelebori common name : the slender wentletrap is species of very small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae the wentletraps.
 Hypsoblennius paytensis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean from Costa Rica to Peru.
 For European chubs other than this particular species see Squalius.The chub (Squalius cephalus) is a European species of freshwater fish in the carp family Cyprinidae. It frequents both slow and moderate rivers as well as canals and still waters of various kinds. In North America this species is referred to as the European chub. Other names used for the species include round chub fat chub chevin and pollard.[citation needed]
 Vexillum leforti is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Though small in absolute diversity the Nemoriini are nonetheless among the larger tribes of geometer moths in the subfamily Geometrinae.
 Lomatia belzebul is a species of 'bee flies' belonging to the family Bombyliidae subfamily Lomatiinae. This species is mainly present in France Greece Italy Portugal southern Russia Spain Switzerland in eastern Palearctic ecozone in the Near East and in North Africa. The adults grow up to 10–13 millimetres (0.39–0.51 in) long. The wings have a wide brown band close to costal margin. The striped abdomen can confuse them with some Hymenoptera for predators.
 Copidryas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gomphotherium (/ˌɡɒmfəˈθɪəriəm/; Welded Beast) is an extinct genus of proboscid which evolved in the Early Miocene of North America from 13.650—3.6 Ma living about 10 million years.The genus emigrated into Asia Europe and Africa after a drop in sea level (probably during the Tortonian epoch) allowed them to cross over. It survived into the Pliocene and its remains have been found in Chile France Germany Austria Kansas Tennessee Pakistan Kenya and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ptyodactylus is a genus of geckos distributed across dry areas of Africa and the Middle East commonly known as fan-fingered geckos. The common name is derived from the pattern of the straight toes which are splayed out like the pattern of a snowflake. The pads are adhesive and each has a retractable claw. This genus has six described species.
 The White-lipped Snake (Drysdalia coronoides) is a small species of elapid snake that is restricted to south-eastern mainland Australia and Tasmania. It is the smallest of 3 species of snake found in Tasmania and is Australia's most cold tolerant snake even inhabiting areas on Mount Kosciuszko above the snow line. Growing to only about 40 cm in length this snake feeds almost exclusively on skinks.
 Onychostoma is a genus of cyprinid fish found in eastern Asia.
 Stericta is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Lederer in 1863.
 Afrogortyna altimontana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Lesotho.
 Mitra (Nebularia) rubiginosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Sulawesi Pygmy Woodpecker (Dendrocopos temminckii) also known as the Sulawesi Woodpecker is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist mountains.
 Eilema pulverea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 34-41 mm.
 Nicias is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nicias alurnoides (Thomson 1857) Nicias andrarius (Galileo 1987) Nicias buquetii Thomson 1857 Nicias crenatocerus (Galileo 1987) Nicias dichotomus (Galileo 1987) Nicias elegans (Waterhouse 1880) Nicias lobicollis (Bates 1875) Nicias magnificus (Galileo 1987) Nicias pallidus (Galileo 1987)↑
 Scopula butleri is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalaya Sumatra China Japan and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests and lower montane forests.The length of the forewings is 7-8 mm.
 Vexillum (Costellaria) mirabile common name : miraculous mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Tridactylidae are a family in the order Orthoptera. They are small mole-cricket-like insects almost always less than 20 mm long when mature. Generally they are shiny dark or black sometimes variegated or sandy-coloured. They commonly live in short tunnels and accordingly are known by common names such as Pygmy mole crickets though they are not particularly closely related to the true mole crickets the (Gryllotalpidae).
 Poppaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Diaphora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Palearctic.
 Eleutherocentrus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Falcogona is a genus of moths of the Endromidae family. The genus was previously placed in the subfamily Prismostictinae of the Bombycidae family.
 Biston pustulata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Hainan) southern Thailand Peninsular Malaysia and Sundaland.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Acacia mangium and Gliricidia species. They are robust and coarsely mottled pale green (although more bluish grey-green in earlier instars). The head is rugose dull rufous orange marked centrally with a darker brown inverted “V”.
 The bluestreak cleaner wrasse Labroides dimidiatus is one of several species of cleaner wrasses found on coral reefs from Eastern Africa and the Red Sea to French Polynesia. Like other cleaner wrasses it eats parasites and dead tissue off larger fishes' skin in a mutualistic relationship that provides food and protection for the wrasse and considerable health benefits for the other fishes.
 The honeyeaters are a large and diverse family of small to medium sized birds most common in Australia and New Guinea but also found in New Zealand the Pacific islands as far east as Samoa and Tonga and the islands to the north and west of New Guinea known as Wallacea. Bali on the other side of the Wallace Line has a single species.Honeyeaters and the Australian chats make up the family Meliphagidae.
 Erebus crepuscularis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea and Queensland.
 Drosophila bifurca is a species of fruit fly. Males of this species are known to have the longest sperm cells of any organism on Earth an astonishing 5.8 cm long when uncoiled. The cells are mostly tail and are delivered to the females in tangled coils. In a male's entire life he can only make a few hundred such cells. The other members of the genus Drosophila also make very few giant sperm cells with D. bifurca's being the longest.
 Eugnosta desinens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Macrorrhinia endonephele is a species of snout moths in the genus Macrorrhinia. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from the southern United States (including Texas Alabama Florida Georgia Oklahoma and South Carolina) but also in South America including Argentina and Brazil.
 Anthidium hallinani is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Black Rosy Finch or Black Rosy-finch (Leucosticte atrata) is a species of passerine bird in the family Fringillidae native to the western United States.
 Altella biuncata is a spider species found in Central Europe.
 Olyssa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Wedgling Moth (Galgula partita) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from most of North America south to Guatemala and the Caribbean. It is also present on Madeira the Canary Islands and in Spain.The wingspan is 20–26 mm. Adult males have reddish-brown to grayish forewings in male while these are shiny dark brownish-maroon to blackish in females. The hindwings are grayish-brown but darker in females than in males.
 The Daincha Leaf Webber (Striglina scitaria) is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in Taiwan Japan India Sri Lanka Myanmar the Andamans Borneo New Guinea Fiji and Australia.Adults are reddish ochreous.The larvae feed on Sesbania bispinosa Cassia corymbosa Notonia grandiflora and Quisqualis indica. Young larvae twist the terminal portion of a leaflet to form a small cone.
 The Iranian fat tailed gecko Eublepharis angramainyu is a ground dwelling lizard native to Iraq Iran Turkey and Syria. Its diet is insectivorous but may eat smaller vertebrates. Like most lizards it has the ability to shed its tail (autotomy). The Eublepharinae family is unique in that it is the only gecko family with eyelids.
 The Sugar Pine Tortrix (Choristoneura lambertiana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Eastern parts of North America and the North of the United States (see subspecies section for more information).The wingspan is 18–23 mm.The larvae of Choristoneura lambertiana lambertiana feed on Pinus lambertiana. Subspecies Choristoneura lambertiana ponderosana prefers Pinus ponderosa and Pinus flexilis.
 Euphaedra rubrocostata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Leuronychus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Graphium cyrnus is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The striped twin-spot carpet (Coenotephria salicata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 29–31 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July and occasionally again in autumn in a partial second generation.The larvae feed on Galium species.
 Pentila swynnertoni Swynnerton’s Buff is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of forests.Adults have been recorded on wing in February.The larvae feed on algae (Cyanophyta) growing on trees.
 Drillia roseola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Oxymacaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Dysgonia stuposa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea Cambodia China India Indonesia (Sumatra and Timor ) Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu Ryukyu Islands) Nepal the Philippines the Russian Far East (the Primorye region) Sri Lanka Taiwan and Vietnam.The wingspan is 45–49 mm.
 Carabus exiguus exiguus is a black-coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan China.
 Cellana sandwicensis common name the yellow-foot opihi is a species of edible true limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Mordellistena downesi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Medvedev.
 Jaspidella jaspidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Pratulum is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae.
 Hyphoraia testudinaria Patton's Tiger is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Geoffroy in 1785. It is found from northern Spain to southern and central France and southern Switzerland to north-eastern and southern Italy. It has also been recorded from Great Britain. The habitat consists of grasslands slopes forest edges clear dry forests cliffs and mountain slopes maquis garigues and dry meadows.The wingspan is 35–45 mm.
 Cameraria fara is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of riparian woodland with high standing grassThe length of the forewings is about 2.4 mm. The forewing ground colour is ochreous with dirty white/black markings consisting of three transverse fasciae one costal patch and one dorsal strigula and marked blackish-fuscous at the tornus. The hindwings are dirty white with a golden shine along the costal margin.
 Dichomeris ampliata is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is known from northeastern India and Sri Lanka.
 Bathygobius is a genus of fish in the Gobiidae family.
 Common names: Peringuey's adder Peringuey's desert adder sidewinding adder more.Bitis peringueyi is a venomous viper species found in Namibia and southern Angola. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Peters's Mouse (Mus setulosus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.
 Phaedinus pictus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by White in 1853.
 Dalla semiargentea is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Euxesta andina is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Laeosopis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Cassidae is a taxonomic family of medium-sized large and sometimes very large sea snails commonly called helmet snails or bonnet snails. These are marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tonnoidea and the clade Littorinimorpha.There are about 60 species in the family Cassidae. An example of a member of the family Cassidae is Cypraecassis rufa.
 Hypoclinemus mentalis is a species of freshwater American sole native to the major rivers of tropical South America. This species grows to a length of 21 centimetres (8.3 in). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Holcobius granulatus is a beetle species of the family Anobiidae.
 Elachista acutella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Russia (the Southern Ural Mountains).
 Agaraea ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Cerithium nesioticum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Lyces enoides is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Honduras and Mexico.
 The Mexican fox squirrel scientific name Sciurus nayaritensis is a species of tree squirrel found throughout the Sierra Madre Occidental of Mexico as far south as Jalisco — and northward into the Chiricahua Mountains of southeastern Arizona U.S.This species or its subspecies is sometimes called the Apache Nayarit or Chiricahua fox squirrel. It has been evaluated as an IUCN Red List Least Concern species.
 Stenophis is a genus of Madagascan arboreal snakes part of the Lamprophiinae. They typically have large heads relative to their body size and they are elongated and often thin. The genus includes both viviparous and oviparous species. They usually have prolate pupils.
 Dosa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Falcuna campimus the Scarce Marble is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and possibly Sierra Leone. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Lamprostola thermeola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912. It is found in Colombia.
 Tetrarhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Jurassic strata in Europe and South America. It was a stationary epifaunal suspension feeder.
 Metisella is a genus of skippers commonly called sylphs in the family Hesperiidae found in Africa. For other sylphs see genera Astictopterus and Tsitana.
 The Brown-headed Paradise Kingfisher (Tanysiptera danae) also known as the Russet Paradise Kingfisher is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Amblyraja is a genus of skates.
 The Bufflehead (Bucephala albeola) is a small American sea duck of the genus Bucephala the goldeneyes. This species was first described by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae in 1758 as Anas albeola.
 The graytail skate or gray tail skate (Bathyraja griseocauda) is a large species of skate in the family Arhynchobatidae native to the southwest Atlantic ocean and southeast Pacific ocean. It is listed as endangered by the IUCN. It was caught as part of a commercial fishery around the Falkland Islands and is a bycatch in several other fisheries.
 Anarchopterus is a genus of pipefishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Holconia insignis is a species of huntsman spider found in Queensland and New South Wales Australia. It is the type species for the Holconia genus and was first described by Tamerlan Thorell in 1870.
 The Barred Tooth-striped (Trichopteryx polycommata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Europe and the Near East east to the Caucasus Transcaucasia the southern Russian Far East (Primorsk) and Japan (Hokkaido).The wingspan is 33–36 mm. Adults are on wing from March to April.The larvae feed on Ligustrum vulgare and Fraxinus species.
 Sagartia is a genus of sea anemones in the family Sagartiidae. The genus was first described by Philip Henry Gosse in 1855 and the image is his painting of several species found in British waters included in his book A history of the British sea-anemones and corals.
 Nyctibatrachus is a genus of true frogs endemic to India. It is a very ancient member of the true frog family Ranidae.Their scientific name means night frog in reference to their habits and dark color.
 Epidauria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Rebel in 1901.
 Eusphalera is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 Aluterus schoepfii is a species of fish in the Monacanthidae family. It also commonly goes by the name of Orange filefish.
 The Madagascan sunset moth (Chrysiridia rhipheus) is a day-flying moth of the family Uraniidae. It is considered one of the most impressive and appealing-looking lepidopterans. Famous worldwide it is featured in most coffee table books on Lepidoptera and is much sought after by collectors. It is very colourful though the iridescent parts of the wings do not have pigment; rather the colours originate from optical interference.
 Acrocercops hormista is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Karnataka Bihar) and Madagascar.This species has a wingspan of 10mm head and thorax are whitish grey abdomen grey. Forewings are narrowly allongated pale greyish irregularly irrorated with dark fuscous. Hindwings and cilia are grey.The larvae feed on Psiadia altissima Psiadia dodonaeifolia Cedrela toona and Toona ciliata. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Coleophora lusitanica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Portugal.
 Catocala actaea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Japan the Korean Peninsula the Russian Far East and Northern China.The length of the forewings is about 24 mm.
 The Spanish Psammodromus (Psammodromus hispanicus) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is found in France Portugal and Spain.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation temperate grassland sandy shores arable land pastureland and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.History and originThe Spanish Psammodromus was first described by Fitzinger in 1826 the scientific name of this species is Psammodromus hispanicus.
 Pseudocharis picta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Venezuela.
 Anthidium rozeni is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Joculator tribulationis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Hedley in 1909.
 Metula aegrota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae.
 Anastrus is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Manto is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Amerila omissa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya through China and Malaysia to Borneo.
 Tampea acanthocera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sangihe.
 Urophora stylata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae. The host plant for the larvae is usually a thistle of genus Cirsium or Carduus.
 Coleophora mexicana is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Tamaulipas in Mexico.
 The Bar-shouldered Dove (Geopelia humeralis) is native to Australia. It is protected under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974. It is a medium sized pigeon varying in size from 26 to 30 centimetres (10.4 to 12 inches). Its voice is a distinctive and melodious cook-a-wook or coolicoo.
 Hutchinson's Silver Spot or Hutchinson's High-flier (Aphnaeus hutchinsonii) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa Botswana Mozambique from Zimbabwe through eastern Africa to Somalia. In South Africa it is found from northern KwaZulu-Natal to Gauteng Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 29.5–33 mm for males and 32–43 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to January with a peak from October to November.
 Halysidota rusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in southern Brazil.
 Sciocoris sideritidis is a species of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae subfamily Pentatominae.The head is quite characteristic and stretched with the ante-ocular part closer than in other species. Eyes are prominent from the edge of the head. Scutellum is about as wide as long.It is mainly found in France and Italy.
 Cryptachaea riparia is a spider species with Palearctic distribution. It is notably found in Lithuania.
 The New Caledonian Parakeet (Cyanoramphus saisseti) or New Caledonian Red-crowned Parakeet is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Cotalpa lanigera is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae. It is also known as gold smith beetle.
 Eumeekia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mitromorpha tagaroae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Coleophora heihensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.The wingspan is 16.5-17.5 mm.
 Mictopsichia mincae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico and Colombia.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale orange consisting of basal and subapical streaks a weak mark at the mid-costa and a line beyond the subterminal refractive marking. The termen is brownish and the dorso-median area is cream. The hindwings are pale orange with brownish apical markings.
 Rondeletia loricata is a species of redmouth whalefish found in the temperate and tropical oceans at depths of from 100 to 3500 m (330 to 11480 ft). This species grows to a length of 11.0 cm (4.3 in). It is known to be a vertical migrant occurring at shallower depths at night.
 Spilarctia adumbrata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1994. It is found on Sumatra.
 Melanella chrysallida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Neocurtimorda convexa is a species of beetle in the Neocurtimorda genus which is part of the Mordellidae family.
 The Yucatan Wren (Campylorhynchus yucatanicus) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and is only found on the narrow coastal strip of the northern Yucatán Peninsula. One of the key habitats of this species is the Petenes mangroves ecoregion of the Yucatan coast. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cadlina scabriuscula is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 The fringed myotis (Myotis thysanodes) is a species of vesper bat that is found in British Columbia in Canada Mexico and the western United States.
 Culex asteliae is a species of mosquito from the Culicidae family that is endemic to New Zealand.
 Mordellistena krauseri is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1986 by Plaza Infante.
 The Giant Barred Frog Mixophyes iteratus is a species of barred frogs in Australia. It occurs from south-east Queensland to just south of the Newcastle region in New South Wales. It is associated with flowing streams and creeks in wet sclerophyll and rainforest habitats from the coast to the ranges.
 The Brownheaded leafroller (Ctenopseustis obliquana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is native to New Zealand and is an introduced species in Hawaii. The common name is also used for related species Ctenopseustis herana.The wingspan can range up to 25 mm.
 Interatherium is an extinct genus of Interatheriidae from the early Miocene.
 Ipi Tombe (foaled 10 October 1998 in the Marondera District of Mashonaland East Zimbabwe) is a champion Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She was bred by Peter J. Moor chairman of the Board of Directors of the Thoroughbred Breeders Association of Zimbabwe. With that country in a state of turmoil and near economic collapse following implementation of the government's land reform law that resulted in confiscation and redistribution of horse farms the granddaughter of Mr.
 Blanford's bat (Hesperoptenus blanfordi) is a species of vesper bat. It can be found in Brunei Darussalam Cambodia Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar and Thailand.
 Teinoptila antistatica is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in China (Guizhou) and on Java.The wingspan is 22-26 mm.The larvae feed on Euonymus japonicus and Maytenus hookeri. They feed concealed within a few leaves connected with webbing and they overwinter in this stage.
 Cotyclytus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Cotyclytus amazonicus (Fuchs 1975) Cotyclytus basalis (Chevrolat 1862) Cotyclytus cristatus (Chevrolat 1862) Cotyclytus curvatus (Germar 1821) Cotyclytus discretus (Melzer 1934) Cotyclytus distinctus (Zajciw 1963) Cotyclytus dorsalis (Laporte & Gory 1835) Cotyclytus lebasii (Chevrolat 1862) Cotyclytus magicus (Perty 1832) Cotyclytus niger (Aurivillius 1920) Cotyclytus patagonicus (Bruch 1911) Cotyclytus peruvianus (Schmid 2009) Cotyclytus potiuna (Galileo & Martins 2007) Cotyclytus regularis (Chevrolat 1862) Cotyclytus scenicus (Pascoe 1866) Cotyclytus sobrinus (Laporte & Gory 1835) Cotyclytus stillatus (Aurivillius 1908) Cotyclytus suturalis (Fuchs 1963)↑
 La Mer was a thoroughbred racehorse who raced from 1976 to 1979. She raced and won 24 times out of 43 starts as well as second 5 times and third 6 times in 1200m to 2400m winning NZ$225925 and AUS$19500 in stake money.
 Caloptilia leucapennella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe except the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The typical form of the adult is a pale yellowish white but there are variations ranging to the rufous form f. aurantiella. Adults are on wing from July to October and overwinter.The larvae feed on Quercus ilex and Quercus robur. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Clunio marinus is a non-biting midge of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae). It is found in the intertidal zone of the European Atlantic Coast from Spain to Iceland. The species is a long standing model system in Chronobiology.
 Hemonia orbiferana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Sri Lanka India Burma Singapore as well as on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Anaeglis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and contains the species A. demissalis. It is found in Brazil.
 Turbonilla valdeobesa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Bullia terebraeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Raptores was originally used to describe the birds of prey orders Falconiformes and Strigiformes but the latest morphological and molecular studies have stated otherwise (for example falcons are closer to parrots and songbirds than to hawks).
 Dactylopius is a genus of insects in the superfamily Coccoidea the scale insects. It is the only genus in the family Dactylopiidae. These insects are known commonly as cochineals a name that also specifically refers to the best-known species the cochineal (Dactylopius coccus). The cochineal is an insect of economic and historical importance as a main source of the red dye carmine. It has reportedly been used for this purpose in the Americas since the 10th century.
 Mylothris elodina is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Pyramidobela ochrolepra is a moth in the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is about 7.2 mm. The ground color of the forewings is brownish white. The costal and dorsal areas are faintly suffused with darker brown leaving an ill-defined whitish clouding longitudinally through the middle of the wing. The ground color of the hindwings is pale gray.
 Entelodonts sometimes nicknamed hell pigs or terminator pigs are an extinct family of pig-like omnivores endemic to forests and plains of North America Europe and Asia from the late Eocene to early Miocene epochs (37.2—16.3 million years ago) existing for about 21 million years.
 The yellow-striped chevrotain (Moschiola kathygre) is a newly discovered species of chevrotain named in 2005. It is found in the wet zones of Sri Lanka. It was recognized as a species distinct from Moschiola meminna based on the phylogenetic species concept.
 Archostola tianmushana is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Hun in 2001. It is found in China.
 Biffarius is a genus of ghost shrimp in the family Callianassidae containing species formerly included in the genus Callianassa. Its members are small and generally live in the intertidal zone. Biffarius was named in honour of Thomas A. Biffar and includes the following species:Biffarius arenosus (Poore 1975)Biffarius biformis (Biffar 1971)Biffarius ceramicus (Fulton & Grant 1906)Biffarius debilis Hernandez-Aguilera 1998Biffarius delicatulus Rodrigues & Manning 1992Biffarius filholi (A.
 Labeo falcipinnis is fish in genus Labeo.
 Lusitanops is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tritoniopsis is a genus of sea slugs specifically dendronotid nudibranchs. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Coleophora ovata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The southern yellow bat (Lasiurus ega) is a species of vesper bat. It is native to South North and Central America from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States to Argentina. It can be distinguished from other bat species by the baconian shape of its vestibular organ.
 Tornoconia is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Cosmopterix thelxinoe is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Distrito Federal) and the United States (North Carolina).Adults have been recorded in March and April.
 Mordella bruchi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1930.
 Paragylla albovenosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Tessmann in 1928. It is found in Peru.
 The Biak Gerygone (Gerygone magnirostris hypoxantha) is a subspecies of the Large-billed Gerygone but it is sometimes considered a distinct species. It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss; when it was still considered a good species it was listed as Endangered by the IUCN.
 Leucopsarion petersii is a species of fish in the goby family Gobiidae and the only member of the monotypic genus Leucopsarion. It is native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where it occurs in China Japan and Korea. Its English language common name is ice goby and in Japanese it is known as shiro-uo. In Japan where it is a delicacy it is also called shirauo no odorigui (dancing icefish).This goby has a thin elongated eel-like body up to 13 centimeters in length.
 Elachista chrysodesmella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Sweden to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Romania and from France to Russia and Ukraine.The wingspan is 7–8 millimetres (0.28–0.31 in). Adults are on wing from May to June and again from July to August.The larvae feed on Brachypodium pinnatum Brachypodium sylvaticum Carex humilis Carex montana Dactylis glomerata Holcus and Poa trivialis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 †Caldwellia philyrina was a species of minute air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Euconulidae the hive snails. This species was endemic to Mauritius.
 Anticla symphora is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1929. It is found in the Neotropical ecozone.
 Madeiran Sardinella (Sardinella maderensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella which is found in the Eastern Atlantic and Southeastern Mediterranean.Diagnostic FeaturesS. madarensis is a distinctly elongate Sardinella while also having a variably protruding belly. These fish have a median number of gill rakers and their upper pectoral fin rays are white on the outer side with a black membrane in between.
 Venusia limata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Anekes affinis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unranked in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The Green-breasted Pitta (Pitta reichenowi) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family. It is one of only two Pitta species in Africa and is found in deep forest of the tropics.
 Schistura paucicincta is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Borbo sirena is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya south-western Tanzania and northern Zambia.
 The Large Aden gerbil (Gerbillus poecilops) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
 Chrotoma dunniana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Chrotoma.
 Smicrideinae is a subfamily level taxon consisting of net-spinning caddisflies.
 Bytharia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Holocnemus hispanicus is a cellar spider species found in Spain.
 Endoclita williamsi is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from the Philippines.
 Psaltoda plaga is a species of cicada native to eastern Australia from Maryborough in central Queensland to to Bega in southern New South Wales. Adult cicadas appear over the summer and inhabit forested areas near bodies of water. The predominantly black form from the Sydney and Central Coast regions is commonly known as the black prince while the term silver knight is used for the species as a whole.
 Oidaematophorus catalinae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in California.The wingspan is 25–27 millimetres (0.98–1.06 in) Adults are very similar to Hellinsia caudelli but are a little larger and slightly more yellow with the brown subcostal shade running back to about the middle of the base of the wing. Just within the costal margin of this shade is a slender line of ground colour along the margin of the cell.
 Callambulyx schintlmeisteri is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Vietnam.
 The Yellow garden eel (Heteroconger luteolus) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David G. Smith in 1989.
 Isastrea is an extinct genus of coral which lived during the Jurassic and Cretaceous. Its fossils have been found in Europe Africa and North America.
 The convex horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus convexus) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Eupithecia siata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Coleophora maturella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Russia.The larvae feed on Larix sibirica. They feed on the needles of their host plant.
 Culicoides hermani is a species of Culicoides. It is found in Central America.
 Velamysta peninna is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 Maculotriton bracteatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Coleophora kosteri is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Aglyptodactylus laticeps is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Pilbara monitor (Varanus bushi) also known as Bush's monitor is a newly discovered species of monitor lizards. The species is named after naturalist and herpetologist Brian Bush. This species belongs to the subgenus Odatria. Pilbara monitors live in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. They are most similar to the stripe-tailed goanna and the pygmy Mulga goanna of all monitor lizards.
 Pseudonezumia is a genus of rattails.
 Utetheisa flavothoracica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found in the Philippines.
 Psilogramma mandarina is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Jiangxi in China.
 Diorhabda carinulata is a species of leaf beetle known as the northern tamarisk beetle which feeds on tamarisk trees from southern Russia and Iran to Mongolia and western China. This beetle is used in North America as a biological pest control agent against saltcedar or tamarisk (Tamarix spp.) an invasive species in arid and semiarid ecosystems (where D.
 Callavia is an extinct monotypic genus of trilobite arthropods. C. broegeri lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period in what are today Canada and the United States.
 The powan (Coregonus clupeoides) is a kind of freshwater whitefish endemic to two lochs in Scotland Loch Lomond and Loch Eck. It has been successfully introduced in two other sites Loch Sloy and the Carron Valley Reservoir.Powan populations are relatively healthy but may have been negatively impacted by the introduced ruffe which eats powan eggs and fry.
 Vesperus sanzi is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal and western Spain.
 Euhaplorchis californiensis is a trophically transmitted parasite (TTP) that lives in the salt-water marshes of Southern California. Its lives in three hosts: shorebirds horn snails and killifish. As with many TTPs E. californiensis modifies the behavior of the host to increase the likelihood of transmission to its next host.
 Dioryctria stenopterella is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Amsel in 1960 and is known from Iran.
 Nycteola mauritia is a species of moth in the Nolidae family. It occurs only on some islands in the Indian Ocean as Mahé Mauritius and Réunion.Their larvae feed on Myrtaceae species like Syzygium cumini. and Guava (Psidium pomiferum).
 Kakumia ideoides is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Tshopo Sankuru and Lualaba) Uganda and western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests at altitudes between 900 to 1400 metres.
 Tarachodes modesta is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Forage Looper or Common Grass Moth (Caenurgina erechtea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from coast to coast in the United States and adjacent parts of Canada. It is not found in Newfoundland New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Yukon and the Northwest Territories.The wingspan is 30–42 mm. Adults are on wing from March to November depending on the location.The larvae feed on Ambrosia trifida and various species of clover grass and alfalfa.
 Moodnopsis inveterella is a species of snout moths in the genus Moodnopsis. It was described by Dyar in 1919 and is known from Guatemala.
 Eupithecia sagittata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Turritella gonostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Cyclopteropsis is a genus of lumpfishes native to the northern oceans.
 Canidia cincticornis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Thomson in 1857 and is known from Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
 The Small Hocicudo (Oxymycterus hiska) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Bolivia and Peru on the eastern slopes of the Andes at elevations from 610 to 3500 m.
 Ogygioses eurata is a species of moths of the Palaeosetidae family. It is only known from Taiwan.
 Stegotrachelus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Common names: shieldtails.Uropeltis is a genus of nonvenomous shield tail snakes endemic to southern India and Sri Lanka. Currently 23 species are recognized.
 The greater bromeliad tree frog (Bromeliohyla dendroscarta) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anthene quadricaudata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Scopaeocharax is a genus of characins endemic to Peru where both species are found in the upper and middle Huallaga River basin. The currently described species in this genus are: Scopaeocharax atopodus (J. E. Böhlke 1958) Scopaeocharax rhinodus (J. E. Böhlke 1958)
 The Poplar Carpenterworm (Acossus centerensis) is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found from New Jersey west to Illinois and North Dakota. In Canada it is found from Quebec and Ontario west to British Columbia. The wingspan is 40-50 mm for males and 50-64 mm for females.The larvae feed on Populus species mainly Populus tremuloides but also Balsam poplars.
 Eugamandus ricarti is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Micheli in 2003 and is known from Puerto Rico.
 Bucculatrix plucheae is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida.The wingspan is about 5 mm. The forewings are brown with a narrow straight white streak from the base of the wing running parallel to the fold for nearly half the wing length. This streak is bordered on each side by a single line of blackish brown scales. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.
 Bulbuls are a family Pycnonotidae of medium-sized passerine songbirds. Many forest species are known as greenbuls brownbuls leafloves or bristlebills. The family is distributed across most of Africa and into the Middle East tropical Asia to Indonesia and north as far as Japan. A few insular species occur on the tropical islands of the Indian Ocean There are about 130 species in around 24 genera.
 Aponoea is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Nepeidae are a family of trilobites that lived during the late Middle Cambrian - earliest Upper Cambrian in what are today Australia Antarctica China and New Zealand.
 Xibalbanus tulumensis (previously Speleonectes tulumensis – Speleonectes = 'cave swimmer'; tulumensis = 'occurring at Tulum' – Xibalbanus = 'from Xibalba') is a venomous hermaphroditic crustacean found in anchialine caves on the Yucatán Peninsula in the Caribbean Sea.
 Lepadogaster purpurea is one of three species of Lepadogaster. L. purpurea was once synonymous with Lepadogaster zebrina but has since been classified as its own species as L. zebrina has been discovered to be more synonymous with L. lepadogaster. This species of Lepadogaster is found normally off the western coast of Portugal. L. purpurea differs from other Lepadogaster species in that it behaves in a much more passive manner. For example studies have shown that L.
 Eupanacra elegantulus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-east Asia including Singapore Thailand Malaysia Indonesia the Philippines.It is similar to Eupanacra mydon except for the pattern elements found on the upperside of the forewing which are much clearer. Furthermore the discal spot is larger in males and more prominent in females since these have a paler ground colour.
 The Mediterranean sand smelt Atherina hepsetus is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family. It is a pelagic-neritic brackishwater / marine fish widespread in the eastern Atlantic coasts of Spain and Morocco including Madeira and the Canary Islands. It is also found in the western Mediterranean Adriatic and Black Seas.
 Ceracanthia mamella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Dyar in 1919 and is known from Costa Rica Guatemala and Panama.
 Miscera holodisca is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Australia.
 Protographium thyastes is a species of butterfly found in the Neotropical ecozone.
 Astylus atromaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Melyridae. It is variously known as the Spotted Maize Beetle or Pollen Beetle. It is indigenous to Argentina and neighbouring countries but has been accidentally imported into various other regions such as the warmer regions of North America and much of Africa where it has become invasive.
 Turbonilla biolleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Thinocorus is a genus of seedsnipe a South American family of small gregarious waders which have adapted to a vegetarian diet.These birds look superficially like partridges in structure and bill shape. They have short legs and long wings. Their 2-3 eggs are laid in a shallow scrape on the ground.Thinocorus contains the smaller two of the four seedsnipe species.
 The juniper shield bug Cyphostethus tristriatus (Fieber 1860) (family: Acanthosomatidae) is a large (9-10.5 mm) green shield bug with distinctive pinkish-red markings on the corium.The bug's traditional foodplant is juniper with the larvae feeding on juniper berries. It has also adapted to use Lawson cypress (Chamaecyparis spp.) as a host.
 Krusa is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Eldredgeia is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida suborder Phacopina family Calmoniidae. This genus comes from the Devonian of South America and South Africa usually found in nodules. The trilobite Eldredgeia venusta from Bolivia is the most common South American trilobite on today's fossil market and even then it is not all that common. This genus has a spiny pygidium and usually the eye facets are well preserved.
 Lyclene apiseriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lower montane forests on limestone.The length of the forewings is 8-9 mm.
 Alcis tayulina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Euxoa acuminifera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Russia Turkestan and central Asia.
 Tactusa dohertyi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Java.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewing is light brown suffused with brown scales with an acutely-angled blackish patch in the upper medial area and a dark brown subterminal area a blackish patch between the reniform stigma and fringes and five black dots including that by the apex between the medial quadrangular patch and the apex.
 Pagurus is a genus of hermit crabs in the family Paguridae. Like other hermit crabs their abdomen is not calcified and they use snail shells as portable homes. These marine decapod crustaceans are omnivorous but mostly prey on small animals and scavenge carrion. Trigonocheirus and Pagurixus used to be considered subgenera of Pagurus but the former is nowadays included in Orthopagurus while the latter has been separated as a distinct genus.
 The Chatham Shag (Phalacrocorax onslowi) also known as the Chatham Island Shag is a species of bird in the Phalacrocoracidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.Its natural habitats are open seas and rocky shores. It is threatened by habitat loss and considered critically endangered by the IUCN.
 Archinemapogon is a somewhat disputed genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Within this group it belongs to the subfamily Nemapogoninae. It is apparently an extremely close relative of the type genus of its subfamily Nemapogon and some authors include it there.Its type species is called A. yildizae today but that name was not established until 1981. Formerly this moth was known as A. laterella – originally placed in Tinea – as well as T. picarella and A./T. arcuatella.
 Pingasa aigneri is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 37–38 mm. The wings are white and strongly irrorated and clouded with a light olivaceous drab-grey.
 Phrantela richardsoni is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The Eastern Grass Owl (Tyto longimembris) or Australian Grass Owl is a species of owl in the Tytonidae family.It is found in Australia Bangladesh China Fiji Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia Papua New Guinea the Philippines Taiwan and Vietnam.Though some authorities consider this owl to be conspecific with the African Grass Owl T. capensis other consider it to be a valid species.They feed predominantly on small rodents.
 Chloroclystis catastreptes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland New South Wales Victoria Tasmania South Australia and Western Australia).The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have a scalloped banded brown pattern on the wings.
 Palace Music (1981–2008) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and a Champion sire who won Group/Grade 1 stakes in both Europe and the United States.
 Ansonia is a small genus of true toads (stream toads) found in South India northern Thailand Malay Peninsula Tioman Island Borneoand Mindanao (Philippines). These small forest species spawn in streams and have torrent-adapted tadpoles.
 Brunia badrana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1859. It is found on Java and Bali.
 Semutophila saccharopa is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand and Malaysia.The larvae live in silken shelters fixed to the leaves of bamboo. In response to mechanical stimuli from ants they discharge an anal liquid that contains sugar and amino acids which is used as a food source by these ants.
 Spilosoma dufranei is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Aphantophryne minuta is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Anax chloromelas is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Persicula pulchella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Pseudostenaspis hermanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pseudostenaspis.
 Elachista constitella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Italy Croatia and Russia.
 Phyllostomus is a genus of leaf-nosed bat. It contains four described species.
 Ochsenheimeria algeriella is a moth of the Ypsolophidae family. It is found in Algeria.
 Coleophora asterosella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Aster tradescanthi.
 Crassiclava layardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Ahamus lijiangensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Chu and Wang in 1985 and is known from Yunnan China.
 The Black-throated Wattle-eye (Platysteira peltata) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Tipula unca is a species of cranefly.
 The Chestnut-backed Scimitar Babbler (Pomatorhinus montanus) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Xenodiscaceae is a superfamily within the ammonoid order Ceratitida. The Xenodiscaceae named by Frech in 1902 presently contains ten families only one of which was included in the original Otocerataceae of Hyatt 1900 the remaining having been added.The Xenodiscaceae has its origin in the Middle Permian in the prolecanitid Daraelitidae through the ancestral Xenodiscidae. According to Kummel (1952) and Arkell et al. (1957) the Xenodiscidae gave rise to the Otoceratidae and Ophiceratidae.
 Damias calida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sulawesi Seram and in New Guinea.
 Cerithiopsis agulhasensis is a species of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Thiele in 1925.
 Strabomantis anomalus is a species of frog in the Strabomantidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Helicopis gnidus common name Gnidus Metalmark is a species of butterflies in the family Riodinidae.
 Oliva brettinghami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Probatiomimus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Probatiomimus eximius Melzer 1934 Probatiomimus melzeri Schwarzer 1931 Probatiomimus schwarzeri Melzer 1926 Probatiomimus signiferus (Thomson 1865) Probatiomimus zellibori Monné 1990↑
 Eupithecia mirei is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Tibesti Region in Chad.
 Hondryches is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nomadinis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Enteroxenos is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae. These small snails have no mouth or gut and absorb nutrients through their body wall. These odd animals look much more like worms than snails but the larval form is a veliger which is characteristic of mollusks.
 Cyrenoida floridana or the Florida marsh clam is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cyrenoididae. It can be found along Gulf of Mexico coast ranging from Georgia to southern Florida.
 Acatenango (1982–2005) was a German Thoroughbred racehorse. Sired by the Deutsches Derby winner and German Champion sire Surumu he was out of the English mare Aggravate. Acatenango's ancestry includes German Champion sire Dark Ronald the French Champion sire Tantieme English Triple Crown champion Gainsborough and the most influential Italian sire Nearco.Racing in 1984 at age two Acatenango's best finish was a third in the Ratibor-Rennen at Krefeld.
 The Ancylostomatidae are a family of worms that includes the hookworms.
 The rudderfish Centrolophus niger is a medusafish the only member of the genus Centrolophus. It is a mesopelagic fish found in all tropical and temperate oceans at depths of 50 to 1000 m. Its length is typically up to 60 cm but it may reach 150 cm.
 Woodford's fruit bat (Melonycteris woodfordi) also known as the orange fruit bat is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.Taxonomic Notes: The species Melonycteris aurantius was synonymized with this species.This species is present in Solomon Island chain (Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands).
 Henosepilachna vigintioctopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Coccinellidae. It is commonly known as the 28-spotted potato ladybird or the Hadda beetle. It feeds on the foliage of potatoes and other solanaceous crops. It originated in the far east of Russia. It was previously called Epilachna vigintioctopunctata and is a cryptic species complex.
 Nepotilla minuta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Rubiton (18 October 1983 – 25 November 2005) was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse of the mid-1980s.He was bred by the Oamaru Stud in Victoria. Rubiton's name was a combination of Ruby and ton a colloquial term for a century in cricket.
 Hilarographa hexapeda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guyana.
 Uca perplexa is a species of fiddler crab. It is found from the Ryukyu Islands Japan to India throughout the Malay Archipelago along eastern Australian coasts from Queensland to New South Wales and in various Pacific islands including Fiji Tonga and Vanuatu.As in other fiddler crabs the male has a greatly enlarged claw which is used for signalling.
 Fortuneleptura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Fortuneleptura cameneni Villiers 1979 Fortuneleptura romei Touroult 2011↑
 Schistophleps mundata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Reich in 1957. It is found in China.
 Bulgarica is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 Colpospira yarramundi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Stefania riae (Spanish: Rana Stefania Del Sarisarinama) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Spotted Laughingthrush (Garrulax ocellatus) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family. In the proposed rearrangement of the laughingthrushes it is sometimes placed in the genus Ianthocincla as I. ocellata.It is found in Bhutan China India Myanmar and Nepal. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The typical spinetails Cranioleuca are a genus of birds in the Furnariidae family. It may include the Straight-billed Reedhaunter.
 Oncopera is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are 12 described species all endemic to Australia. The larvae usually feed on grasses although that of O. intricata has been recorded on strawberry.
 Atteva cosmogona is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil.The coppery-purple forewings bearing several large round white dots easily distinguish this species from the other Atteva species in the New World.Larvae have been recorded feeding gregariously on the leaves of Simarouba amara.
 Notoliparis kermadecensis is a species of snailfish (Liparidae) that lives in the deep sea.
 Ozyptila bejarana is a crab spider species found in Spain and France.
 The Itasenpara Bitterling or Deepbody bitterling (Acheilognathus longipinnis) is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It grows to a maximum length of 8.0 cm.
 Issikiopteryx taipingensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family that is endemic to Taiwan.
 Deramas treadawayi [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines(Mindanao).
 Lambdoceras is an extinct genus of Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla (subfamily Synthetoceratinae) endemic to North America during the Miocene living epoch 20.6—13.6 Ma existing for approximately 7 million years.
 The Mountain Sandman or Spio Grizzled Skipper (Spialia spio) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in tropical Africa and south-western Arabia. In South Africa it is found all over the eastern side of the country.The wingspan is 22–29 mm for males and 28–31 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas. In South Africa it is more common in warmer months.
 Amphioctopus is a genus of octopuses comprising around 16 species.
 Leiostyla concinna is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.
 Chionodes is a genus of moths of the family Gelechiidae. It is distributed throughout much of the world. The larvae of many species utilize Douglas-fir as a host plant.
 The Godolphin Arabian (c. 1724 – 1753) also known as the Godolphin Barb was an Arabian horse and was one of three stallions that founded the modern Thoroughbred race horse bloodstock (the others were the Darley Arabian and the Byerley Turk). He was named for his best-known owner Francis Godolphin 2nd Earl of Godolphin.
 Fusconaia askewi is a species of bivalve in the Unionidae family. It is endemic to the United States.
 Achlyodes is a genus of skippers.The members (species) are found in the Nearctic and Neotropical ecozones.The genus has only few species: Achlyodes busirus (Cramer [1779]) Achlyodes pallida (R. Felder 1869) Achlyodes minna Evans 1953 Achlyodes mithridates (Fabricius 1793) Achlyodes munroei Bell 1956Three closely related species A. minna A. mithridates and A. munroei are sometimes considered to belong to Eantis.
 Lignypotera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coleophora haloxylonella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria Tunisia and Libya.The larvae feed on Hammada articulata species. They feed on the shoots and possibly also on the fruits of their host plant.
 Eua zebrina is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to American Samoa. A cladogram showing phylogenic relations of Eua zebrina:
 Mordellistena aureotaomentosa is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1966 by Ermisch.
 Typhlops syntherus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Cibyra epigramma is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Brazil.
 Chaunus diptychus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that is found in Paraguay and possibly Brazil. Its natural habitats are dry savanna freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Heller's pipistrelle (Neoromicia helios) is a species of vesper bat.It is found in Kenya Somalia Tanzania and Uganda.
 Bythiospeum gloriae is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Mordellistena pyrenaea is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1966.
 Uranothauma williamsi the Pale Heart is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (the Usambara Mountains and the southern highlands) Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane forests.
 Parapachycerina is a genus of small African flies of the family Lauxaniidae. They are mostly yellow-orange in colour.
 The Kashmir gray langur (Semnopithecus ajax) is an Old World monkey one of the species of langurs. This like other gray langurs is a leaf-eating monkey.
 Ayna is a monotypic genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae. The sole species in the genus is Ayna mienisi. It was described as Zebrina (Ramusculus) mienisi. The genus Ramusculus however is a monotypic genus only distantly related to Ayna. The closest relative of Ayna is probably Clausilioides.A. mienisi is a chirally enantiomorphic species. This means that some specimens have sinistral (left-coiled) others dextral (right-coiled) shells.
 Tetragonoderus matilei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Ball in 2000.
 Macroglossum stevensi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 Dolichosomastis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Amethysa intermedia is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Amethysa of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Ruddy-breasted Crake (Porzana fusca) or Ruddy Crake is a waterbird in the rail and crake family Rallidae.Its breeding habitat is swamps and similar wet areas across south Asia from the Indian subcontinent east to south China Japan and Indonesia. It has been recorded as a vagrant from the Australian territory of Christmas Island. This crake nests in a dry location on the ground in marsh vegetation laying 6-9 eggs.
 Metriocnemus knabi the pitcher plant midge is an inquiline invertebrate found only in the phytotelma of the purple pitcher plant Sarracenia purpurea. In this microcommunity of bacteria rotifers protozoa and other dipteran larva like Wyeomyia smithii M. knabi specializes by feeding mostly on the carcasses of drowned insects captured by the plant that collect at the bottom of the pitcher.
 Hypsagonus is a genus of poachers native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 The Uniform Treehunter (Thripadectes ignobilis) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Molopinus pilipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Molopinus.
 Eupithecia subexiguata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shensi).
 Piercia is a genus in the geometer moth family (Geometridae). It belongs to subfamily Larentiinae but therein its relationships are fairly obscure. About 10 species occur in southern and eastern Asia but most – almost 50 as of 2005 – are found in Africa.
 Crenavolva janae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Oecomys cleberi also known as Cleber's Oecomys or Cleber's Arboreal Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae. Known only from the Federal District of Brazil its taxonomic status relative to O. concolor and O. paricola is unresolved.
 Enispa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Magela hardyhead (Craterocephalus marianae) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Australia.
 Thala secalina is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Monobaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia. It was within the also extinct order Multituberculata and lived during the age of the dinosaurs. It is also within the suborder Plagiaulacida and has been tentatively referred to the family Eobaataridae though it probably is not a member.The genus Monobaatar (Kielan-Jaworowska Dashzeveg & Trofimov 1987) is known from the species Monobaatar mimicus which itself is very poorly known.
 Amphorosteus is a dubious genus of mosasaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America.
 Eresus is a genus of velvet spiders comprising several species including Eresus cinnaberinus (formerly E. niger) and Eresus sandaliatus both of which are sometimes known as the Ladybird spider.
 Onychora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Spelaeodiaptomus rouchi is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae. It is endemic to France.
 Bulimulus tanneri is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phrynopus barthlenae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland arable land pastureland and rural gardens.
 Aphelenchoididae is a nematode family in the order Aphelenchida.
 The Spot-breasted Parrotbill (Paradoxornis guttaticollis) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family.It is found in Bangladesh China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Carposina socors is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1928. It is found in South Africa.The larvae feed on the fruits of Podocarpus species.
 Euparkerella cochranae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Philippine Pied Fantail (Rhipidura nigritorquis) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Malaysian Pied Fantail.It is found in the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Coenotoca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Synodontis brichardi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the rapids of the lower Congo River. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.
 Glipa apicalis is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1922.
 The Black-bellied Storm Petrel (Fregetta tropica) is a species of seabird in the Hydrobatidae family.It is found in Antarctica Argentina Australia Bouvet Island Brazil Chile Falkland Islands French Polynesia French Southern Territories Madagascar Mozambique New Zealand Oman Peru Saint Helena São Tomé and Príncipe Solomon Islands South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Uruguay and Vanuatu.
 Oroplema plagifera is a species of moth of the Uraniidae family. It is found on the Korean Peninsula and in Japan (Hokkaido Honshu Shikoku Kyushu Yakushima Island) eastern China Russia (Sakhalin) Taiwan and northern India.The wingspan is 15–18 mm for males and 17–21 mm for females. The forewings are white sparsely suffused with grayish scales. The hindwings are white. They resemble bird droppings. There are two generations per year in Korea.
 Eupithecia praecipitata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Senilia senilis is a species of edible saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Arcidae the ark shells.
 Myospila meditabunda is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 The starry weever Trachinus radiatus is a fish of the Trachinidae family widespread in the eastern Atlantic from Gibraltar to the Gulf of Guinea and probably further south; it is also known from the Mediterranean Sea. A marine subtropical fish it grows up to 50 cm in length.
 Serrivomer sector known commonly as the Sawtooth eel is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels). It was described by Samuel Garman in 1899.
 Pterophorus flavus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Nepal and northern India (Kumaon).The wingspan is 17–25 mm. The forewings are yellow. Adults have been recorded in June July and September.
 The White Throated Ground Dove (Gallicolumba xanthonura) or Paluman apaka in Chamorro is a species of ground dove in the genus Gallicolumba. Their distribution is on the Northern Mariana Islands inhabiting the native forests. It has become extirpated from Guam (to USA) by predation from the introduced brown tree snake Boiga irregularis. Single birds do turn up once every few years but are most likely individuals dispersing from the island of Rota.
 Natica monodi is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Pachymerium tabacarui is a species of centipede in Geophilidae family that is endemic to Romania.
 Hyposmocoma mimema is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 to 5000 feet.
 The African Hill Babbler (Pseudoalcippe abyssinica) is a species of bird in the Sylviidae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.The distinctive black-headed subspecies is sometimes split as the Ruwenzori Hill Babbler Pseudoalcippe atriceps but Fry et al. 
 Peribatodes is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.In 1999 about 13 species were included in the genus.Species include: Peribatodes ilicaria – Lydd Beauty Peribatodes rhomboidaria – Willow Beauty Peribatodes secundaria – Feathered Beauty Peribatodes umbraria Hübner 1809 – Olive-tree Beauty↑
 Duplicaria fictilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Nebriinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following genera: Archaeocindis Kavanaugh & Erwin 1991 Archastes Jedlicka 1935 Archileistobrius Shilenkov & Kryzhanovskij 1983 Cicindis Bruch 1908 Leistus Frolich 1799 Nebria Latreille 1802 Notiokasis Kavanaugh & Negre 1982 Notiophilus Dumeril 1806 Opisthius Kirby 1837 Paropisthius Casey 1920 Pelophila Dejean 1826↑
 The baiji (Chinese: 白鱀豚; pinyin: About this sound báijìtún  Lipotes vexillifer Lipotes meaning left behind vexillifer flag bearer) was a freshwater dolphin found only in the Yangtze River in China. Nicknamed Goddess of the Yangtze (simplified Chinese: 长江女神; traditional Chinese: 長江女神; pinyin: Cháng Jiāng nǚshén) in China the dolphin is also called Chinese river dolphin Yangtze River dolphin whitefin dolphin and Yangtze dolphin.
 Actenoptila heliotropia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Western Vlei Rat (Otomys occidentalis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Argonauta tokunagai is an extinct species of octopus. It was described in 1913 based on fossil material from the Middle Miocene Huzina Formation of Japan.Undescribed fossil species of Argonauta related to this taxon have been temporarily designated Argonauta cf. tokunagai and Argonauta tokunagai.
 Zargus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Zargus crotchianus Wollaston 1865 Zargus desertae Wollaston 1854 Zargus monizii Wollaston 1860 Zargus pellucidus Wollaston 1854 Zargus schaumii Wollaston 1854↑
 Chersonesia is a butterflies genus in the family Nymphalidae.
 Trachycorystes cratensis is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the state of Ceará in the Granjeiro River basin. It grows to a length of 6.1 cm.
 Eupithecia vinibua is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kashmir.The wingspan is about 15.5 mm. The fore- and hindwings are dark greyish brown.
 Reig's Montane Mouse (Aepeomys reigi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Venezuela. It is named after Argentine biologist Osvaldo Reig (1929–1992).
 Serpulorbis inopertus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Deoclona is a moth genus. It is here placed in family Gelechiidae but its relationships therein are obscure and some authors instead ally it with the Autostichinae and/or Symmocidae and place it elsewhere in the Gelechioidea.
 Anomalomyidae is a family of extinct muroid rodents from Europe.
 Helcionopsis is an extinct genus of paleozoic monoplacophoran in the family Tryblidiidae.The generic name is from the external resemblance which the genus bear to the recent species of the genus Helcion in family Patellidae.
 Selachophidium guentheri the Barbed brotula is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian and Atlantic Oceans off of the southern coast of Africa where it is found at depths of from 200 to 980 metres (660 to 3220 ft). This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Heterodera is a genus of nematodes in the family Heteroderidae. Members of the genus are obligate parasites and different species attack different crops often causing great economic damage. The genus is unique among nematode genera because of the ability of the female to transform into a tough brown cyst which protects the eggs which have been formed within her body. The name heterodera refers to the different 'skins' of female and cyst.
 Paranigilgia is a genus of moths in the Brachodidae family.
 Desmopuntius gemellus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Sumatra. This species can reach a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Saetotaenia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Caliadurgus fasciatellus is a species of spider wasp from the subfamily Pepsinae found from Western Europe to the Far East of Asia.
 Scombroclupea is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 The Atlantic halibut Hippoglossus hippoglossus is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. They are demersal fish living on or near sand gravel or clay bottoms at depths of between 50 and 2000 m (160 and 6560 ft). The halibut is among the largest teleost (bony) fish in the world. Halibut are strong swimmers and are able to migrate long distances.
 Gulella aprosdoketa is a species of very small air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to the coastal scarp forest and woodland in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa and has only been observed within an 80 km-long strip along the Eastern Cape coast. Human activities such as construction tourism and livestock use are major contributors to its habitat loss.
 Carabus cavernosus cavernosus is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle from Carabinae family that can be found in Albania Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Romania and everywhere in Yugoslavia (except for Slovenia).
 The Böhme's Gecko (Tarentola boehmei) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.It is found in Morocco Western Sahara and possibly Algeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rocky areas rural gardens and urban areas.
 Papilio delalandei is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.
 The tree lizard or ornate tree lizard (Urosaurus ornatus) is a species of lizard native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. The species has been used to research the physiological changes in the body during the fight-or-flight response as related to stress and aggressive competition. Also its life history and costs of reproduction have been documented in field populations in New Mexico.
 Conus roeckeli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Variegated Jackal (Canis aureus soudanicus) also known as the Nubian Jackal is a subspecies of golden jackal native to Sudan and Somaliland. It is smaller and more lightly built than the Egyptian jackal standing 38 cm (15 in) at the shoulder and 102 cm (40 in) in length. Compared with the wolf-like Egyptian jackal the variegated jackal is built more like a greyhound.
 The striped grunter (Hephaestus obtusifrons) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family. It is found in West Papuain Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Goniotorna is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Parazyxomma flavicans the Banded Duskdarter is a monophyletic species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Benin Botswana Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Malawi Namibia Nigeria Senegal South Africa Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are swamps freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Cryptaspasma anaphorana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Lascelina cordobensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lascelina. It was described by Neunzig in 1994 from Cordoba Mexico from which its species epithet is derived.The length of the forewings is 8-8.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown but the costal half is dusted with white particularly near the costa. The hindwings are pale smoky brown but darker on the veins and near the costal and outer margins.
 Ancillista velesiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Barack Obama trapdoor spider (Aptostichus barackobamai) is a species of trapdoor spider named after the 44th President of the United States Barack Obama. The species was first reported by Professor Jason Bond of Auburn University in December 2012 as one of 33 new species of the genus Aptostichus.
 Chionodes luctuella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Norway Sweden Finland Denmark Germany Austria Switzerland Italy the Czech Republic Slovakia Poland Hungary Romania Estonia Latvia Ukraine and Russia.The wingspan is 13–15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Picea abies.
 Euscorpius flavicaudis or the European yellow-tailed scorpion is a small black scorpion with yellow-brown legs and tail (metasoma). Adults measure about 35–45 millimetres (1.4–1.8 in) long. It is a fossorial scorpion with relatively large strong claws (pedipalps) and a short thin tail.
 The Mayotte Drongo (Dicrurus waldenii) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.It is endemic to Mayotte.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and plantations.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bedotia sp. nov. 'Ankavia-Ankavanana' is an undescribed species of fish in the family Bedotiidae. It is endemic to Madagascar where its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Ribbon-tailed Astrapia also known as Shaw Mayer's Astrapia (Astrapia mayeri) is a species of bird of paradise.The Ribbon-tailed Astrapia is distributed and endemic to subalpine forests in western part of the central highlands of Papua New Guinea. Like many other ornamental birds of paradise the male is polygamous.
 Choreutis quincyella is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Legrand in 1965. It is found on Menai Island.
 De Graaff's Soft-furred Mouse (Praomys degraaffi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Burundi Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudopostega venticola is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1897. It is known from much of the Neotropical Region from southern Florida and Texas through much of the West Indies and Central America to southern Brazil.The length of the forewings is 2.5–3.3 mm. Adults have been recorded in nearly every month.
 The Gomantong Myotis (Myotis gomantongensis) is a species of bat in the Vespertilionidae family that is endemic to Sabah district of Malaysia.
 Mediochoerus is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae subfamily Merycoidodontinae endemic to North America during the Early Miocene-Middle Miocene subepochs (20.6—13.6 mya) existing for approximately 7 million years.
 Protopithecus was a genus of large Platyrrhine monkey that lived during the Pleistocene. Fossils have been found in the Toca da Boa Vista cave of Brazil as well as other locales in the country.At an estimated weight of 22.6 kg (50 lb) it was the largest New World monkey known to exist. With slightly longer arms than legs Protopithecus resembled the tree-swinging spider monkey but its limb bones were nearly twice as thick.
 Alcidion unicolor is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1932 and is known from Haiti.
 Scleromystax salmacis is a species of catfish of the family Callichthyidae. S. salmacis has the southernmost distribution of its genus. It is known from the Mampituba River and Araranguá River basins in southern Santa Catarina State of Brazil and the Ratones River a small coastal river drainage in Florianópolis.
 Pehria umbrina is a species of Lasiocampidae moth. It has a wingspan of 47mm.
 Nodopelagia brazieri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Synagelides palpaloides is a jumping spider.
 Chalcides ebneri or Ebner's Skink is a species of skink that lives in Morocco. It is only found in two small locations and has not been sighted since 1970. It is threatened by some agricultural practices and habitat loss and populations presumably continue to decline. It is found in rocky areas near grassy ground cover. The females of the species give birth to live young.
 Sphaerodactylus parvus is a gecko endemic to the Anguilla Bank of islands in the Lesser Antilles which comprises Anguilla Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy. It was elevated to species level in 2001 formerly described as a subspecies of S. macrolepis.Both sexes can reach a size of around 35 mm. The dorsal surface in males is tan to brown and may be without markings or have a salt and pepper pattern of scattered dark scales.
 Anaphosia aurantiaca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1909. It is found in South Africa.
 Heliura cadroe is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Guyana.
 Calopieris is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae. It consists of only one species Calopieris eulimene which is found in Chad Sudan the Red Sea coast western Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
 Lissocampus is a genus of pipefishes mostly native to the Indian Ocean. One species (L. bannwarthi) is only known to occur in the Gulf of Aqaba and the Gulf of Suez and one species (L. filum) occurring in the Pacific Ocean around New Zealand and the Chatham Islands. The remaining species are endemic to Australia.
 Crassicorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising three species:Crassicorophium bonellii (Milne Edwards 1830)Crassicorophium clarencense (Shoemaker 1949)Crassicorophium crassicorne (Bruzelius 1859)↑
 Rhynchocinetes uritai also known as the camel shrimp camelback shrimp or dancing shrimp is a non-aggressive crustacean of the family Rhynchocinetidae. They are saltwater shrimp and are common in most saltwater aquariums.
 Coleophora sublineariella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Afghanistan and Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Cerasus and Crataegus species. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Teinoptila guttella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Taiwan and Japan.
 Clavator is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the gastropod in the family Acavidae.
 The Blue-backed Manakin (Chiroxiphia pareola) is a small passerine bird which breeds in tropical South America. It is found in southern Colombia eastern Venezuela the Guyanas northeast Brazil the Amazon Basin in Brazil Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru; and in Tobago. A disjunct population exists on the coastal strip of southeast Brazil about 3000 km long.
 Pheidole megatron (named after Megatron from the toy line Transformers) is a species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Paranerita polyxenoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil Guyana and Peru.
 The Cotton Leaf Roller (Haritalodes derogata) is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is widely distributed. Records include the Comoros the Democratic Republic of Congo Ghana La Réunion Madagascar the Seychelles South Africa Gambia Australia Fiji Papua New Guinea Samoa the Solomon Islands the Andaman Islands Bali India Sri Lanka Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam China and Japan.
 The Red-Lored Whistler (Pachycephala rufogularis) is similar in many respects to Gilbert's Whistler to which it is clearly related and from which it must be distinguished: the range of the Red-lored Whistler falls entirely within that of the Gilbert Whistler. The two species share the same habitat behaviour and even many calls.
 Caryocolum schleichi is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in central most of western and parts of eastern Europe Morocco Turkey Syria Afghanistan and Mongolia.The length of the forewings is 4–7 mm for males and 3.5–6 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown mottled with greyish white along the costa and dorsal margin. There are several white markings.
 Paraschistura naseeri is a species of stone loach endemic to Pakistan.
 Crinitisophira is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Gobius tetrophthalmus is a species of goby endemic to the Atlantic waters around Cape Verde western Africa where it is found at depths of from 7 to 25 metres (23 to 82 ft) where it prefers areas with coralline algae though it will also inhabit areas with substrates of sand and rock. This species can reach a length of 7.8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Chaetostoma (Bristlemouths) is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America with one species extending into Central America. Some species are kept in unheated aquaria.
 The Letter-winged Kite (Elanus scriptus) is a small rare and irruptive Australian raptor with a core range in central Australia. The adult is a small and graceful predominantly pale grey and white raptor with black shoulders and red eyes. It is similar in appearance to the Black-shouldered Kite except for a very distinctive black underwing pattern of a shallow ‘M’ shape seen when in flight.
 Apotomis betuletana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone. The habitat consists of woods and woodland margins where birch occurs.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on Betula species. They spin and roll the leaves of their host plant. The larvae can be found from May to June. Pupation takes place in the larval habitation or among leaf-litter on the ground.
 Necrolemur (dead lemur) is an extinct genus of primate.The 25 centimetres (9.8 in) long creature probably resembled a tarsier; it was a nocturnal hunter with very large eyes and ears. Necrolemur had sharp teeth which it probably used to bite through tough insect exoskeletons. Like modern tarsiers it also possessed long fingers and toes and a lengthy balancing tail.
 Eupithecia emanata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East on the Kuriles and in Japan.The wingspan is about 15–21 mm.
 Amata lateralis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Boisduval in 1836. It is found in Senegal.
 Meza banda the Dark Three-spot Missile is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Central African Republic and the central part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests and mature secondary growth.Adults are attracted to flowers.
 The Giant Copper (Aloeides pallida) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 30–39 mm for males and 34–45 mm females. Adults are on wing from October to early January or as early as August for the nominate subspecies. There is one generation per year.The larvae of ssp. pallida and jonathani feed on Aspalathus species. The larvae of ssp. grandis are fed by trophallaxis by Lepisota capensis ants. They also feed on the eggs of these ants.
 Abispa ruficornis is a species of wasp in the Vespidae family.
 Lepidiolamprologus profundicola is a species of carnivorous fish-eating cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is found in rocky areas avoiding areas with a sandy substrate at relatively deeper depths than its congeners. This species can reach a length of 30.5 centimetres (12.0 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Scully's Tube-Nosed Bat (Murina tubinaris) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: India Laos Myanmar Pakistan Thailand and Viet Nam.Members of the Ashy-gray tube-nosed bat species were formerly classified as Scully's bats.
 Felicena dirpha is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Scotorythra epixantha is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Oahu.
 Thatcherina diazi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Colombellinidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.
 Eurysquillidae is a family of mantis shrimp. Formerly placed in the superfamily Gonodactyloidea it has since been recognised that eurysquillids are closer to families in the Squilloidea and so Eurysquillidae has been placed in its own superfamily Eurysquilloidea.
 Blastobasis velutina is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 11-14 mm. The forewings are ash-grey with markings consisting of black scales. The hindwings are adh-grey shaded with black at the sides and posteriorly.
 Discordia seyrigalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Discordia. It was described by Marion and Viette in 1956 and is known from Madagascar.
 Albionella guianensis is a jumping spider species found in French Guiana.
 Copiopteryx is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Mountain Water Rat (Hydromys habbema) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Oxyopes salticus is a species of lynx spider commonly known as the Striped Lynx Spider first described by Hentz in 1845. Its habitat tends to be grasses and leafy vegetation; grassy weedy fields and row crops.
 Tor putitora the Putitor mahseer Himalayan mahseer or golden mahseer is an endangered species of cyprinid fish that is found in rapid streams riverine pools and lakes in the Himalayan region and south Asia ranging from Iran south to Sri Lanka and east to Thailand. It is a popular gamefish the largest species of mahseer and can reach up to 2.75 m (9.0 ft) in length and 54 kg (119 lb) in weight though most caught today are far smaller.
 Euterpnosia is a genus of cicada native to the island of Formosa the Ryukyu Archipelago Japan Hainan and mainland Asia - China Bhutan Nepal and Vietnam. The type species is Euterpnosia chibensis Matsumura 1917.
 Stigmella parinarella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Vari in 1955. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Parinari capense. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Limnerpeton is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Amphibamidae.
 Prosipho amiantus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Nannodiella hukuiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Mediala spectaculoides is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The hindwing is greyish brown darker towards termen. The terminal line is brown and the fringes are basally beige. There is an indistinct discal spot. The underside of the forewing and upper part of hindwing are brown other parts of the hindwing are grey. There is a discal spot and a postmedial line on the hindwing.
 Pararguda is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Mestolobes banausa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Schinia indiana or the Phlox Moth is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Mid-Western United States.The wingspan is about 17–21 mm.The larvae feed on Phlox pilosa.
 Coralliophila panormitana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Coleophora iperspinata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain and France.
 Feral pigeons (Columba livia) also called city doves city pigeons or street pigeons are derived from domestic pigeons that have returned to the wild. The domestic pigeon was originally bred from the wild Rock Dove which naturally inhabits sea-cliffs and mountains. Rock (i.e. 'wild') domestic and feral pigeons are all the same species and will readily interbreed.
 Odostomia franciscana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Aprosmictus is a genus of parrots in the Psittaculidae family. Several former members including the Australian King Parrot are now placed in the genus Alisterus.It contains the following species: Jonquil Parrot (Aprosmictus jonquillaceus) Red-winged Parrot (Aprosmictus erythropterus)
 Tetragonoderus sinuosus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1876.
 Herbulotides lymantrina is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North Madagascar.The length of its frontwings is 22 mm.
 Boninosuccinea ogasawarae is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae the amber snails.
 Neocurtimorda picicornis is a species of beetle in the Neocurtimorda genus which is part of the Mordellidae family.
 Scieropepla ceramochroa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Turner in 1919. It is found in Queensland.
 Cychrus keithi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1998.
 Blanfordimys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It contains the following species: Afghan Vole (Blanfordimys afghanus) Bucharian Vole (Blanfordimys bucharicus)
 Hapalogaster cavicauda is a species of king crab that lives on the Pacific coast of North America.
 Stempfferia boormani Boorman’s Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 Eleutherodactylus bipunctatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Zatrephes amoena is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1924. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Sataspes javanica is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia Java and Borneo.
 Roperia poulsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.Roperia poulsoni is the only species in the genus Roperia.Ocenebra poulsoni is the basionym but this species has been placed in a separate genus because of its distinctive radula.
 The Helmeted Guineafowl (Numida meleagris) is the best known of the guineafowl bird family Numididae and the only member of the genus Numida. It breeds in Africa mainly south of the Sahara and has been widely introduced into the West Indies Brazil Australia and southern France.
 Hydrelia shioyana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 13–16 mm.
 Auchmeromyia senegalensis known as the Congo floor maggot is a species of blow-fly that is native to sub Saharan Africa and the Cape Verde Islands.A .sengalensis is an atypical myiasis species which does not live on or in the host but sucks the blood of burrow-dwelling wild pigs warthogs aardvark hyena and occasionally sleeping humans (sanguinivorous myiasis). Auchmeromyia is the only known genus of blood sucking maggot to feed on mammals although others feed on birds.
 Acallis xantippe is a species of snout moths in the genus Acallis. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Pilocrocis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cyligramma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Euphaedra ferruginea the Ferruginous Orange Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lepidopsetta is a genus of righteye flounders native to the Pacific Ocean.
 Euceriodes pallada is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Ceryx lamottei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It was described from Nimba.
 Tagiades samborana is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoro Islands. The habitat consists of forests.
 Psychristus belkab is a species of ground beetle from the Harpalinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan province of China.
 Compsophila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Shifangia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Pleistodontes cuneatus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus platypoda the fig species it pollinates.
 Netechma modesta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Bucculatrix copeuta is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Ontario and Maine.The wingspan is 6.5-7 mm. The forewings are lustrous white with pale ocherous and lightly dusted costal and dorsal streaks. The hindwings are pale silvery grey. Adults have been recorded on wing in May.The larvae possibly feed on Prunus pensylvanica.
 Rhagoletis ribicola is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Cnemaspis kolhapurensis is a species of gecko that lives in the Western Ghats mountain range in the Indian state of Maharashtra. Its tail dorsum displays the property of iridescence the only instance where a body part of a species of gecko was observed to possess this trait.
 Scodes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Mjoberg's Toadlet (Uperoleia mjobergii) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is named for Swedish zoologist Eric Mjöberg.
 The Thamnornis or Thamnornis Warbler (Thamnornis chloropetoides) is a species of Malagasy warbler in the family Bernieridae.It is found only in Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Craspedacusta sowerbii is a freshwater jellyfish in the phylum Cnidaria. Since it is classified as a hydrozoan it is one of many jellyfish that are also known as hydromedusae (medusa is another word for jellyfish). Hydromedusan jellyfish differ from scyphozoan jellyfish because they have a muscular shelf-like structure called a velum on the ventral surface attached to the bell margin. C. sowerbii is found throughout the world in bodies of fresh water.
 Mordella lebisi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1937.
 Aspidontus dussumieri the lance blenny or Dussumier's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
 Vexillum hoaraui is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Sahel Paradise Whydah or Northern Paradise Whydah (Vidua orientalis) is a small songbird. It is a resident breeding bird in west Africa.It has often been considered a subspecies of Eastern Paradise Whydah Vidua paradisea since both birds parasitise the Green-winged Pytilia Pytilia melba a common species of estrildid finch. However the finch has two subspecies nominate melba and citerior which are sometimes treated as separate species.
 The Uganda Clawed Frog (Xenopus ruwenzoriensis) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family. It is found in Uganda and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.It is also unusual in that it is polyploid with 12 sets of chromosomes (dodecaploidy).
 Musurgina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ypsolopha alpella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Southern and central Europe and Siberia.The wingspan is approximately 16 mm. The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak.
 Funa spectrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The family Cavoliniidae is a taxonomic group of small floating sea snails pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.This family is part of a larger group which is commonly known as the sea butterflies because they swim by flapping what appear to be small wings.
 The longfin inshore squid (Doryteuthis pealeii) is a species of squid of the family Loliginidae.
 The king parrots are three species of medium-sized parrots in the genus Alisterus; the Australian King Parrot (Alisterus scapularis) the Papuan King Parrot (Alisterus chloropterus) and the Moluccan King Parrot (Alisterus amboinensis). The three species are found in Eastern Australia New Guinea and Indonesian islands including the Maluku islands respectively. Predominantly of red and green plumage the long tailed parrots are related to the genera Aprosmictus and Polytelis.
 The Squirrel Cuckoo (Piaya cayana) is a large and active species of cuckoo found in wooded habitats from northwestern Mexico to northern Argentina and Uruguay and on Trinidad.
 Camaroptera is a genus of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It contains the following species: Olive-green Camaroptera (Camaroptera chloronota) Grey-backed Camaroptera (Camaroptera brevicaudata) Green-backed Camaroptera (Camaroptera brachyura) Yellow-browed Camaroptera (Camaroptera superciliaris)
 Iliella spinosa is an extinct species of kazacharthran branchiopod crustacean species from the Lower Jurassic of Kazakhstan. It had a unique carapace that was shaped like a spiny double-oval.
 Lophiotoma olangoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Fanged frog redirects here. This name is also used for the family Dicroglossidae otherwise known as forked-tongued frogs.
 Sinocyclocheilus brevis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Agrotis eremata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Oahu and Maui.
 The Fanti Rough-winged Swallow (Psalidoprocne obscura) or the Fanti Saw-wing (Swallow) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family.Fanti Saw-wing breeds in the lowlands of southern west Africa from Senegal to Cameroon. It is mainly resident apart from seasonal movements.This bird is found in open country including light woodland near water. Fanti Rough-winged Swallows are graceful flyers and they generally feed on insects including beetles while airborne.
 Foxzami sired 1944 was a New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.In November 1949 at Flemington Racecourse Foxzami won the Melbourne Cup. He carried a weight of 8-8 (120 pounds and started at odds of 16/1 in a field of 31 runners. Ridden by Billy Fellows he won the cup by three lengths.
 Heloderma the only genus of the family Helodermatidae consists of venomous lizards native to the southwestern United States Mexico and as far south as Guatemala. It includes two separate species with six subspecies. Their closest living relatives are the anguid lizards.Helodermatids (or beaded lizards) are large stocky slow-moving reptiles that prefer semiarid habitats. Their tails are short and used as fat storage organs.
 Calliana is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Rilaena triangularis is a species of the harvestman family Phalangiidae. It is sometimes considered to be in the genus Paraplatybunus in the subfamily Platybuninae.
 Sympistis acheron is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Southern British Columbia south to California at altitudes of 2000 to 10000 feet.The wingspan is 32–39 mm. Adults are on wing from late July to late September.
 Parazanclistius hutchinsi the Short boarfish is a species of armorhead endemic to the southern coast of Western Australia. It is found on the continental shelf at depths of from 10 to 80 metres (33 to 262 ft). This species grows to a length of 34 centimetres (13 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Zygaena osterodensis is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in continental Europe. The wingspan is about 35 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July. They fly during the day.The larva feed on Vicia cracca Lathyrus vernus.
 Hypselodoris malacitana is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Cochlespira is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Oxycanus hildae is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Victoria.
 Ectoedemia aligera is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1985. It is known from the Russian Far East.
 Orthocomotis herbacea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Guatemala and Costa Rica to Ecuador (Pichincha Province Loja Province) and Venezuela.Larvae have been reared on Persea americana.
 The Genus Panstrongylus Berg 1879 belongs to the subfamily Triatominae.
 Phyllonorycter chionopa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Namibia. The habitat consists of sandy floodplains and rocky slopes along dry river beds with dominant trees as Acacia montis-usti and Commiphora species.The length of the forewings is 3 mm. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is golden yellow with white markings consisting of a broad irregularly shaped basal streak two broad costal patch-like strigulae and two dorsal patch-like strigulae.
 Germonea rachelae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinulidae.
 Conus floridulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mermithida is an order of nematode worms. The order includes two families and most members are endoparasites on arthropods. The morphological characteristic of the order is the presence of a stichosome.
 Alcippe is a genus of birds in the Pellorneidae family. It previously included many of the Fulvettas but recent taxonomy has been dividing the group. Final placement of species is still being worked through.
 Romaleon is a genus of marine crabs formerly considered in the genus Cancer.
 Cytaea is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Eilema tardenota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1971. It is found in Madagascar.
 Holospira montivaga common name the vagabond holospira is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.
 Old Vic (1986 – 2011) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Prix du Jockey Club and the Irish Derby. After retiring from racing he went on to become a top national hunt sire. He was one of the first crop of foals by the influential sire Sadler's Wells.
 Dorithia strigulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Exelastis dowi is a species of moth in the genus Exelastis known from the Bahamas Belize and Florida.Adults are on wing in March in Florida and in April in the Bahamas and Belize and have a forewing length of 6-9.5 millimetres. The forewings are light buff to light ochraceous-buff mixed with light tan scales and the hindwings are slightly darker than the forewing and uniformly ochraceous-tawny with medium gray fringes.
 The Southern Silver Ochre Skipper (Trapezites praxedes) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found along the coastal plains of New South Wales southern Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Lomandra confertifolia Lomandra laxa Lomandra longifolia Lomandra obliqua and Lomandra spicata.
 Pleurodeles is a genus of three species the ribbed newts:Algerian ribbed newt (P. nebulosus)Edough ribbed newt (P. poireti)Iberian ribbed newt (P. waltl)The Iberian ribbed newt is the most common of the species and the most frequently used as a model organism by scientists. However its numbers in the wild are declining and in 2006 it became a near threatened species. The other two species are in fact threatened with P. nebulosus considered vulnerable to extinction and P.
 Troglotroctes ashmolearum is a wingless insect of the order Psocoptera in the Liposcelididae family found only on Ascension Island.
 Boreotrophon rotundatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Aegista is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.
 Pteroplatidius octocostatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pteroplatidius.
 The downy emerald (Cordulia aenea) is a species of dragonfly. It is metallic green and bronze in color and its thorax is coated with fine hairs hence its name. Like most other emeralds the downy emerald has bright shiny green eyes. Adults are around 5 cm in length and are in flight from May through July each year.This species lives in woodlands near lakes and ponds; like other dragonflies it lays eggs in water and its larvae are aquatic. It is distributed throughout most of Europe.
 Euchlaenidia transcisa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 Harwood's gerbil Dipodillus harwoodi is distributed mainly in Kenya.
 Phelsuma kely is a species of diurnal gecko which lives on the central east coast of Madagascar south of Tamatave. It typically inhabits dragon trees. The gecko feeds on insects and probably nectar.It is the smallest known day gecko reaching a total length of about 7.1 cm. Its body colour is variable and dependent on the mood of the animal. During activity the basic body colour is white-gray with a black pattern on the back. However the body colour can turn dark also.
 Kedestes malua is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in north-eastern Zambia.
 Fundulopanchax avichang is a species of African killifish that mainly inhabits small temporary pools of the Ecucu River drainage systems. The species is endemic to Equatorial Guinea. Adult fish reach a maximum length of approximately 2.6 centimetres (1.0 inch). Breeding pairs of the species most often lay their eggs over the bottom but occasionally also among the roots of free-floating aquatic plants. Pairs stay close for some time with just a few eggs being produced each day.
 Ponticola kessleri the Bighead goby or Kessler's goby is a species of goby native to Eurasia. The bighead goby is a Ponto-Caspian relict species. It inhabits the fresh and oligohaline waters with mineralisation from 0-0.5‰ up to 1.5-3.0‰.
 Cephalotes scutulatus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Paraheliophanus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). All four described species are endemic to St. Helena.
 Trichoptilus potentellus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.
 Basutodon was a genus of rauisuchian archosaur from the late Carnian-early Norian-age Upper Triassic Lower Elliot Formation of Lesotho. It is based on teeth that were once confused with prosauropod remains as with Teratosaurus. Because of this it is sometimes listed in older dinosaur books as an early theropod or as a synonym of Euskelosaurus. It was probably neither of these things though and is much more likely to be a dubious non-dinosaur.
 Amblygobius decussatus the Orange-striped goby is a species of goby native to tropical reefs in the western Pacific Ocean but may be widespread in the central Indo-Pacific area. It prefers living on muddy substrates where it utilizes an invertebrate burrow for shelter. It sifts through mouthfuls of sand consuming organic matter and small invertebrates contained therein. This species can reach a length of 9.5 centimetres (3.7 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Eleutherodactylus cavernibardus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and caves.
 Niphargus hrabei is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae. It is an originally Ponto-Caspian species that was found in the River Danube in Bavaria in the mid 1990s. It is now known to occur in Austria Croatia Hungary Romania Russia Serbia and Montenegro Slovakia and Ukraine; it is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List.
 Spilosoma fusifrons is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in southern India.
 Ikondiana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gigadema is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Gigadema biordinatum Sloane 1914 Gigadema bostocki Castelnau 1867 Gigadema dux Blackburn 1901 Gigadema froggatti Macleay 1888 Gigadema grande (Macleay 1864) Gigadema gulare Sloane 1914 Gigadema longipenne (Germar 1848) Gigadema mandibulare Blackburn 1892 Gigadema maxillare Sloane 1914 Gigadema nocte (Newman 1842) Gigadema obscurum Sloane 1914 Gigadema rugaticolle Blackburn 1901 Gigadema sulcatum (Macleay 1864)↑
 Pseudocroesia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Metagnorisma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leucovis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dipsocoromorpha is an infraorder of insects in the order of Hemiptera (true bugs). The infraorder Dipsocoromporpha contains only 200 species of Heteroptera. The insects of this order live on the ground and in the leaf litter though they can also be found in mangroves low vegetation areas and interstitial areas of streams.Dipsocoromorpha are some of the smallest adult bugs usually between 0.5 and 4.0 mm long.
 Haplochromis sp. nov. 'parvidens-like' is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Uganda.
 Enteucha gilvafascia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in coastal southern Florida.The wingspan is 3.1-3.7 mm. Adults have been collected from April to late June and again from early October to early January. There seem to be two generations per year.The larvae feed on Coccoloba uvifera. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is extremely long and narrow. The mines mostly occur near the margin of the leaf and only occasionally cross the main midrib.
 Exelastis atomosa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Cape Verde Ethiopia Kenya Madagascar South Africa Swaziland Tanzania India Nepal and Iran.Adult are small with yellowish brown wings. The forewings are cut into two plumes and hind wings into three.The larvae are a serious pest of Pigeon pea. They damage seeds as well as cause flowers buds and pods to drop. It also enters into the pod and feeds on developing grains.
 Potoooooooo or Pot-8-Os (foaled in 1773) was a famous 18th-century Thoroughbred racehorse who defeated some of the greatest racehorses and later became an influential sire.
 The Spanish shawl Flabellina iodinea is a species of aeolid nudibranch a very colorful sea slug. This is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Falsimargarita thielei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Eugnosta hydrargyrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mongolia China (Beijing Heilongjiang Shaanxi Sahndong) Russia (Urals Sarepta) Kazakhstan Uzbekistan and Afghanistan (the western Pamir).The wingspan is 27–29 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.
 Physula albipunctilla is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family that can be found on the Antilles and Cuba as well as Florida and Georgia.
 The genus Delia is part of the fly family Anthomyiidae.The genus Delia contains approximately 300–340 species worldwide (excluding Neotropical species). At present about 170 species are recorded from the Palaearctic Region and 162 species from the Nearctic Region 44 of which are Holarctic. Afrotropical fauna includes 20 Delia species.
 Jocara hemizonalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in South America.
 Zacladus is a genus of weevils (beetles of the family Curculionidae).
 Asperdaphne ula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hoshihananomia transsylvanica is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1977.
 Heliozela sericiella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Spain Slovenia and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 6–8 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus petraea Quercus pubescens Quercus robur and Quercus suber. Young larvae bore in the petiole bark or a twig of their host plant. This causes the petiole to swell gall-like.
 Zorocratid spiders are uncommon somewhat wolf spider-like wandering spiders. The eye arrangement is not like that of wolf spiders as the posterior eyes are not enlarged and the eyes are in two rows. Little is known of their biology but they include about 20 species in 5 genera found primarily in Africa Madagascar and North America. The North American species all belong to the genus Zorocrates. The genus Uduba is known only from Madagascar.
 Belionota sagittaria is a Jewel Beetle of the Buprestidae family.
 Eumorpha (meaning well formed) is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family. The genus is mostly found in North and South America.
 Calliostoma nobile common name the noble top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Omphalotukaia)
 The Speckled Rail (Coturnicops notatus) also called Speckled Crake is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Falkland Islands Guyana Paraguay Uruguay and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps and pastureland.
 Melanoplus is a large genus of grasshoppers. They are the typical large grasshoppers (and in some cases migratory locusts) in North America. A common name is spur-throat grasshoppers (also spurthroat or spur-throated grasshoppers) but this more typically refers to members of the related subfamily Catantopinae.The largest grasshoppers of this genus can reach nearly 5 cm (2.0 in) in length but most are smaller.
 Calytheca is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Tropidophoxinellus spartiaticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Greece.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mecochirus longimanatus is an extinct species of lobster-like decapod crustacean from the Jurassic of Europe.
 Tuxenentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 The Watercock (Gallicrex cinerea) is a waterbird in the rail and crake family Rallidae. It is the only member of the genus Gallicrex.Their breeding habitat is swamps across south Asia from India Pakistan and Sri Lanka to south China Japan Philippines and Indonesia. They nest in a dry location on the ground in marsh vegetation laying 3-6 eggs.
 The Indian Cupid (Chilades parrhasius) is a small butterfly that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. It is found from Sri Lanka and India to southern Iran central and eastern Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates Yemen and Oman.
 Thienemannia is a genus of non-biting midges of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 The Shade Bush Warbler (Horornis parens) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.It is found only in Solomon Islands where it is endemic to the island of Makira (formerly San Cristobal Island).Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and tropical moist montane forest above 600m. It feeds on insects in the undergrowth and on the ground.
 The Purple-bibbed Whitetip (Urosticte benjamini) is a species of hummingbird. It is native to Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 The orange wall sponge Trachycladus spinispirulifer is a species of demosponge belonging to the order Hadromerida. It is found in the south Atlantic and Indo-Pacific oceans. Around the South African coast it is known from the Cape Peninsula to Cape Agulhas.
 Mastostethus is a genus of beetles in the family Megalopodidae containing the following species: Mastostethus aulicus Lacordaire 1845 Mastostethus brasiliensis Papp 1949 Mastostethus costaricensis Guerin 1948 Mastostethus dentatus Klug 1824 Mastostethus femoralis Pic 1950 Mastostethus multinotatus Pic 1917 Mastostethus pallidofasciatus Pic 1917 Mastostethus rubricollis Chevrolat 1834 Mastostethus stali Baly 1861 Mastostethus transversalis Lacordaire 1845 Mastostethus variegatus Klug 1824 Mastostethus vittatus Klug 1824↑
 The Majorcan hare (Lepus granatensis solisi) is a subspecies of the Granada Hare from Majorca Spain. It was described only in 1992. Many sources claim it went extinct but this might not be true as other sources say it survives.
 Lethrinops turneri is a species of cichlid native to Lake Malawi and Lake Malombe. This species grows to a length of 9.4 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.
 Lepidochrysops negus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sudan and Ethiopia.The wingspan is 40 mm for males and 42–45 mm for females. The upperside of both wings of the males is pale violet sublustrous blue with dark marks closing the cells. The forewings have a row of terminal brown spots preceded by a submarginal series of brown lunules. The hindwings have a similar terminal and submarginal pattern.
 Brachinulus viettei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Brachinulus.
 Carabus parreyssi plassensis is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family that can is endemic to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Luria lurida is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Bobasatrania is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that survived the Permian-Triassic extinction event.The genus originated during the late Permian survived the Permian-Triassic extinction event and underwent a speciation event during the Triassic (approx 240M years BP) in the shallow coastal waters off the Pangaean supercontinent. Their fossils are therefore found throughout the world with some of the best examples coming from the Wapiti Lake region of British Columbia Canada.
 Acrolepiopsis sinense is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang).
 Flabellobasis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from South Africa.
 Eois nigricosta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Mantidactylus zipperi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Boophis laurenti is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Roeslerstammiidae is a family of insects in the order Lepidoptera.
 Triphosa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cyclophora heydena is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas and on Borneo and Java.
 Neobatrachus is a genus of burrowing ground frogs native to Australia. They occur in every state except Tasmania however this genus is absent from the far north of Australia and most of Queensland. Most of the species in this genus occur in south-west Western Australia. They are often found in arid areas and burrow underground to avoid dehydration. They are typically found are temporary claypan and flooded grassland habitats.
 Orthocomotis twila is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 The Degodi Lark (Mirafra gilletti degodiensis) is a lark in the Alaudidae family endemic to Ethiopia. It is now often considered a subspecies of the Gillett's Lark.
 Paraporthesia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Shortdorsal cutthroat eel (Synaphobranchus brevidorsalis) is an eel in the family Synaphobranchidae (cutthroat eels). It was described by Albert Günther in 1887.
 Synoria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888.
 Udea austriacalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found from Spain France Switzerland Italy Austria Romania Bulgaria Albania and Greece to Russia and China.
 The Bignose conger (Rhynchoconger nitens also known as the Needletail conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan and Charles Harvey Bollman in 1890. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the eastern central and southeastern Pacific Ocean including Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama and Peru. It dwells at a depth range of 25-90 metres.
 The river sharks are five rare species of shark in the genus Glyphis although due to their secretive habits other species could easily remain undiscovered. Their precise geographic range is uncertain but the known species are documented in parts of South and Southeast Asia and Australia. The river sharks are members of the family Carcharhinidae and thus share the basic characteristics of the group.
 Longitarsus ventricosus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in France and Northern Spain.
 Diaulula immaculata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Amphisbaena neglecta also known as the neglected worm lizard is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena. It is endemic to Brazil.
 The Greater Racket-tailed Drongo (Dicrurus paradiseus) is a medium-sized Asian bird which is distinctive in having elongated outer tail feathers with webbing restricted to the tips. They are placed along with other drongos in the family Dicruridae. They are conspicuous in the forest habitats often perching in the open and by attracting attention with a wide range of loud calls that include perfect imitations of many other birds.
 Aplatissa michaelis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Tachina is a genus of large flies in the family Tachinidae most have larvae that are parasitoids of Lepidopteran caterpillars. There are approximately 600 species worldwide.
 Mordellistena flavocollaris is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1939 by Ray.
 Amorphoscelis nubeculosa is a species of praying mantis found in Cameroon.
 Miralda annulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Nadagara is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Priacanthopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Bryconella pallidifrons is a species of characin found in the Amazon River basin of Brazil and Peru. It is the only member of its genus.B. pallidifrons is found in a freshwater environment at a pelagic depth range. This species is native to a tropical climate.It reaches a maximum length of about 2.3 cm or 0.9 in males or about 3.5 cm or 1.37 in for females. B. pallidifrons swims in small schools.
 Acropolitis excelsa is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Crocidosema insulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Santiago Masatierra Island Coquimbo Valparaiso Maule and Bio-Bio).
 Athyridida is an order of Paleozoic a included in the Rhynchonellata which makes up part of the articulate brachiopods.The Athyridida are the Rostrospracea of R.C Moore 1952 considered at that time to be a suborder of the Spiriferida.
 Pseudoneothemara is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Paraleptomys is a genus of rodent from New Guinea. It is considered part of the New Guinea Old Endemics meaning it was part of the first wave of murine rodents to colonize the island.
 Paroligolophus agrestis is a species of harvestman. It occurs in Europe including the United Kingdom.Mature females have bodies about 6 mm long mature males are smaller at about 4 mm. As with almost all havestmen the second leg is longest being around 14–20 mm when fully extended. The patellae and tibiae have distinct angles rather than being rounded. The upper surface of the body is usually brown with grey and red shades with a line of whitish markings along the centre.
 Phyllocnistis ramulicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from southern Great Britain and Portugal.The larvae feed on Salix cinerea Salix caprea Salix aurita Salix fragilis and Salix viminalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long corridor made in the bark running up or down and hardly widening.
 Proctocopsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Proctocopis forficula which is found in Colombia.
 Gorgasia thamani is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David Wayne Greenfield and Sean Niesz in 2004. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from Fiji in the western central Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 14 to 15 metres (46 to 49 ft). Males can reach a maximum total length of 119 centimetres (47 in).The species epithet thamani was given in honour of Randolph R. Thaman of the University of the South Pacific in Fiji.
 Conus ranonganus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Pyroderces brosi is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Italy.The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults have been recorded in June.
 Iridomyrmex or rainbow ants (referring to their blue-green iridescent sheen) is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. There are 79 extant species in this genus and they range from India to China to Australia and New Caledonia.
 The island glass lizard is a species of glass lizard found in the United States.
 Orthotylus virens is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in Austria Baltic states (except for Lithuania) Bulgaria Czech Republic France Germany Moldova Poland Russia Slovakia Switzerland Ukraine Scandinavia and Benelux (except for Belgium).
 Kurodaconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species.When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 The Astor Markhor or Flare-horned Markhor (Capra falconeri falconeri) is a subspecies of the endangered markhor native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan. To the west it reaches the easternmost parts of Afghanistan. The range of the Astor Markhor is very scattered. The largest population of only about 200 animals is found in Chitral National Park in northern Pakistan.
 Elliptio dariensis is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Anycles is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Nettenchelys exoria is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by James Erwin Böhlke and David G. Smith in 1981.
 Chlorocoma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Glipostena pelecotomoidea is a species of beetle in the Glipostena genus. It was discovered in 1911.
 Hartmann's mountain zebra (Equus zebra hartmannae) is a subspecies of the mountain zebra found in far south-western Angola and western Namibia.Hartmann's mountain zebras prefer to live in small groups of 7-12 individuals.
 Lista sumatrana is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Hering in 1901 and is known from Sumatra Indonesia from which its species epithet is derived.
 Tubastrea also known as sun coral or sun polyps is a genus of coral in the phylum Cnidaria. It is a cup coral in the family Dendrophylliidae.
 The Greater Flameback (Chrysocolaptes guttacristatus ) also known as Greater Goldenback Large Golden-backed Woodpecker or Malherbe's Golden-backed Woodpecker is a woodpecker species. It occurs widely in the Indian subcontinent eastwards to southern China the Malay Peninsula Sumatra western and central Java and northeast Borneo.
 The American cockroach (Periplaneta americana) also colloquially known as the waterbug but not a true waterbug since it is not aquatic or misidentified as the palmetto bug (see Florida woods cockroach for the differences) is the largest species of common cockroach and often considered a pest. It is also known as the ship cockroach kakerlac and Bombay canary.
 Eudocima aurantia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across south-east Asia from Sri-Lanka to northern Queensland Australia. It is also present on the Andamans.The wingspan is about 90 mm.The larvae feed on Cocculus species. The adults are a pest on various fruits. They pierce the fruit in order to suck the juice.
 The Southern Black Korhaan or Black Bustard (Afrotis afra) is a species of bird in the bustard family Otididae.It is endemic to South Africa.
 Niethammeriodes ustella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Spain and North Africa including Algeria.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 Gecarcinus is the type genus of the land crab family Gecarcinidae. They are found in warmer coastal regions of the Americas including islands in the Caribbean. Four species from oceanic islands were formerly included in Gecarcinus as the subgenus Johngarthia but are now treated as a separate genus Johngarthia. While all members of this genus are largely terrestrial they have to return to the ocean to breed (the larvae are released into the sea).
 Purpurellus macleani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Jackson's Pipit (Anthus latistriatus) is a rare and little-known African bird of the pipit and wagtail family.It occurs in montane grasslands migrating to lower altitudes in the east-central part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in southern Uganda. Van Perlo shows an isolated population around the Malawi-Zambia border apparently in Nyika National Park. One specimen the type has been taken in western Kenya.In appearance Jackson's Pipit suggests a dark African Pipit.
 Cirrhimuraena cheilopogon is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Pieter Bleeker in 1860. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from Papua New Guinea in the western central Pacific Ocean.
 Ardonis chlorophilata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bhutan and India.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings have some dark rufous at the base of the costa as well as triangular medial and smaller postmedial patches and a quadrate apical patch. The costal half of the hindwings is white with a black mark. The inner area is green with a dark base and three indistinct waved lines.
 Colias erschoffi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Tien-Shan.
 Stygitropha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Glass catfish in the aquarium trade refers usually to the ghost catfish K. minor (see below). It can also mean any of the other Asian glass catfishes (Kryptopterus) or the African glass catfishes (Parailia).The glass catfish (Kryptopterus bicirrhis) is an Asian glass catfish of the genus Kryptopterus. Until 1989 it included its smaller relative the ghost catfish now known as K. minor.
 Eudendrium terranovae is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Loryma marginalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Loryma. It was described by Rothschild in 1921. It is found in Iraq.
 The Dark Orange Dart (Ocybadistes ardea) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya Aru Islands Kei Islands) Australia (Queensland) and Papua New Guinea.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Asura postbicolor is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
 The eastern shovelnose ray (Aptychotrema rostrata) is a species of guitarfish family Rhinobatidae.Using microspectrophotometry this species was shown to have three spectrally distinct cone visual pigments with wavelengths of maximum absorbance of 459 492 and 553 nm and rods peaking at 498 nm. This suggests this species may have colour vision - perhaps trichromatic.
 Coleophora principiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Algeria.
 Eugoa pectinicrassa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The length of the forewings is 7 mm. Adults are dark brown.
 Salenski's shrew (Chodsigoa salenskii) is a red-toothed shrew found only in northern Sichuan China. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
 Donax gouldii the bean clam is a marine bivalve mollusk species in the genus Donax. It is found on the Pacific coast of North America. This species known for periodic population explosions up to 16700 individuals per square yard was eaten by Native Americans in Southern California particularly the Luiseno and Kumeyaay Indians of San Diego County.
 Stomphastis thraustica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Democratic Republic of Congo Congo Central African Republic Ghana Nigeria Namibia Zimbabwe South Africa Madagascar Malaysia Indonesia (Sulawesi Java) and India (West Bengal Karnataka). It was recently also recorded from China.In China there are over ten overlapping generations per year.The larvae feed on Jatropha species (including Jatropha curcas and Jatropha gossypifolia) and Sebastiana chamaelea.
 The Sulphur molly (Poecilia sulphuraria) locally known as molly del teapa is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is endemic to Mexico specifically to the Baños del Azufre near Teapa Tabasco. The Baños del Azufre are sulfidic springs that contain high concentrations of toxic hydrogen sulfide (H2S). Poecilia sulphuraria has apparently evolved the ability to tolerate the toxic conditions. It is critically endangered for now.
 Zatania is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 The Ruddy Pigeon (Patagioenas subvinacea) is a largish pigeon which breeds from Costa Rica south to western Ecuador Bolivia and central Brazil. It belongs to a clade of small and rather plain species of Patagioenas with characteristic calls that constitute the subgenus Oenoenas.
 Gallojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 The Clancy's Rustic (Caradrina kadenii) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It originates from Southern and Central Europe but has gradually extended its range to the North.The wingspan is ca. 30 mm. The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on various low-growing herbaceous plants.
 Vanikoro plicata is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 The Cackling Goose (Branta hutchinsii) is a North American bird of the genus Branta of black geese which contains species with largely black plumage distinguishing them from the grey Anser species.
 The Buff-tip (Phalera bucephala) is a moth of the family Notodontidae. It is found throughout Europe.This is a fairly large heavy-bodied species with a wingspan of 55–68 mm. The forewings are grey with a large prominent buff patch at the apex. As the thoracic hair is also buff the moth resembles a broken twig when at rest. The hindwings are creamy-white.
 Nebria dilatata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Canary Islands.
 Austeulophus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Callipielus digitata is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile.
 Aeolochroma metarhodata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Queensland New South Wales and Victoria.The larvae feed on Leptospermum polygalifolium.
 Epimydia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of only one species Epimydia dialampra Staudinger 1892 which can be found in mountainous steppe areas in South Siberia East Yakutia and Northern Mongolia. Females are very small and brachypterous.
 Eois bermellada is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.Adults have a brownish ground color and broad yellow margins on both fore- and hindwings.
 Osmidus guttatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Osmidus.
 Capulus ungaricus common name the bonnet shell is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Ferganasaurus was a genus of dinosaur first formally described in 2003 by Alifanov and Averianov. The type species is Ferganasaurus verzilini. It was a sauropod similar to Rhoetosaurus. The fossils were discovered in 1966 in the central Asian nation of Kyrgyzstan and date to the Callovian stage of the Middle Jurassic.
 The Hermes Copper (Lycaena hermes) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Mexico and southern California in the United States. It is known from a small number of areas. Forest fires in the San Diego area in 2003 and 2007 destroyed most of the populations.The wingspan is 25-32 mm. The upperside of the wings is brown with an orange area which is bordered by black dots. The underside of the wings is bright yellow with black dots.The larvae feed on Rhamnus crocea.
 Tinissa indica is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in China (Hainan and Yunnan) Taiwan India Sikkim and Bhutan.The wingspan is 24−28 mm for males and about 30 mm for females.
 The Pacific jack mackerelTrachurus symmetricus (also known as the Californian jack mackerel or simply jack mackerel) is an abundant species of pelagic marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed along the western coast of North America ranging from Alaska in the north to the Gulf of California in the south inhabiting both offshore and inshore environments.
 Loweriella boltoni is a species of ant and is the only known species of genus Loweriella
 Scatoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 The sooty mustached bat (Pteronotus quadridens) is a species of bat in the family Mormoopidae. It is found in Cuba the Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Puerto Rico.
 Australiseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Callipodida (from Greek kallos beauty and podus leg) is an order of millipedes containing around 130 species many characterized by crests or ridges.
 Copadichromis ilesi is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family which is endemic to Lake Malawi.
 Melanochromis benetos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the Mpanga Rocks in the interface between rocky substrates and sandy substrates. This species can grow to a length of 9.1 centimetres (3.6 in) SL.
 The Southern Martin (Progne elegans) is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Panama Paraguay Peru and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and urban areas.
 Peppers Pride (foaled March 24 2003 in New Mexico) is a retired undefeated multiple stakes winning American Thoroughbred race horse. She is by Desert God by Fappiano. Desert God's dam Blush With Pride was also the dam of Better Than Honour the broodmare that sold for $14 million at Fasig-Tipton in early November 2008. Peppers Pride's dam is the Chili Pepper Pie mare Lady Pepper that placed in the 1990 Bluebonnet Stakes. Peppers Pride was her last foal.
 Zonosemata is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae comprising six species from North America and one from South America. The species are as follows:Zonosemata cocoyoc Bush 1965Zonosemata electa (Say 1830)Zonosemata macgregori Hernandez-Ortiz 1989Zonosemata minuta Bush 1965Zonosemata scutellata (Hendel 1936)Zonosemata vidrapennis Bush 1965Zonosemata vittigera (Coquillett 1899)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Alytopistis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The large Indian civet (Viverra zibetha) is a civet native to South and Southeast Asia. It is listed as Near Threatened by IUCN since 2008 mainly because of trapping-driven declines in heavily hunted and fragmented areas notably in China and the heavy trade as wild meat.
 Paracorophium excavatum is a species of amphipod in the family Corophiidae. It has been confused with other species such that the only reliable record is from its type locality at Brighton Otago.
 The Fabrosauridae was originally proposed by Galton (1972) as a group of basal ornithischian dinosaurs from the Early to Middle Jurassic. However recent studies indicate the Fabrosaurs are not a natural grouping of dinosaurs and instead consist of unrelated genera.The proposed Fabrosaurs descended from a Lesothosaurus-like animal. Proposed fabrosaurids were 1–2 meters long and were lightly built and bipedal. Their skulls were triangular and had very large eye sockets.
 Thorius pulmonaris is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Labrundinia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Copelatus stavropolitanus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Riha in 1974.
 The Flores giant rat (Papagomys armandvillei) is a rodent of the family Muridae that occurs on the island of Flores in Indonesia. It is found in primary secondary and disturbed forest over a wide range of elevations. Head and body length is 41–45 cm (16.1–17.7 in.) and tail length is 33–70 cm (13–27.5 in.) making the Flores giant rat at least twice the size of an average brown rat (Rattus norvegicus) with a 25 cm long body and 15 cm long tail.
 Sciasminettia is a genus of small Palearctic flies of the family Lauxaniidae.
 Eohomopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Eohomopterus aequatoriensis (Wasmann 1899) Eohomopterus centenarius Luna de Carvalho 1960 Eohomopterus poinari Nagel 1997 Eohomopterus simojovelensis Solorzano & Kraemer 2006↑
 Attiliosa is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cribrarula toliaraensis is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.This is a species inquirenda Further research is needed including molecular data to confirm it as a valid subspecies; it is likely a synonym of C. cribraria comma)
 Zebrasoma xanthurus is a Tang from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 22 cm in length.
 Coleophora acerosa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia Astrakhan Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Horaninovia ulicina.
 Deltaspis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Deltaspis alutacea Bates 1885 Deltaspis auromarginata Audinet-Serville 1834 Deltaspis cruentus (LeConte 1862) Deltaspis cyanipes Bates 1885 Deltaspis disparilis Bates 1891 Deltaspis ivae Beierl & Barchet-Beierl 1999 Deltaspis marginella Bates 1891 Deltaspis moesta Bates 1885 Deltaspis nigripennis Bates 1880 Deltaspis rubens Bates 1885 Deltaspis rubriventris Bates 1880 Deltaspis rufostigma Bates 1892 Deltaspis subopaca Chemsak & Linsley 1982 Deltaspis thoracica White 1853 Deltaspis tumacacorii (Knull 1944) Deltaspis variabilis Bates 1891↑
 Nassarius pullus common names : Black Nassa; Olive Dog Whelk; Ribbed Dog Whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Pollicobius raymondi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Pollicobius.
 Zoramia fragilis is a Cardinalfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 5.5cm in length.
 Margovula bimaculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Carabus albrechti tohokuensis is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Japan.
 Tinissa parallela is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1976. It is found on Sumatra.
 Elachista arduella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Russia (the Southern Ural Mountains).
 The longfin anthias (Pseudanthias ventralis) is a small colorful species of fish in the subfamily Anthiinae.
 Pethia nankyweensis is a species of cyprinid fish found in Myanmar where it is known from smaller streams in the area of Myitkyina. This species reaches a length of 3.3 centimetres (1.3 in) SL.
 Cortixa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Triglyphus primus is a species of Hoverflies from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera. The larvae seem to be host-specific to an aphid species Cryptosiphum artemisiae which creates galls on Mugwort Artemisia vulgaris.
 Cymatium tigrinum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Pterotyphis eos paupereques is a subspecies of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Crockerella lowei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Pacifastacus fortis (known as the Shasta crayfish or placid crayfish) is an endangered crayfish species endemic to Shasta County California where it is found only in isolated spots on the Pit River and Fall River Mills.
 Ochetellus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
 The frecklebelly madtom (Noturus munitus) is a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family. It is endemic to the United States. Madtoms are in the genus Noturus which is a group of catfish prevalent to North America.
 The horny nerite Neritodryas cornea is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.
 Coleophora aegra is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in northern Pakistan (Abbottabad and Murree) and Afghanistan (Nuristan).The wingspan is 10-11 mm. The head is glossy grey while the sides of the crown are whitish. The palpi are smooth and grey and the antennae are simple white although ringed above with grey. The thorax and abdomen are dark grey. The forewings and hindwings are dark grey.
 Plexaurella nutans the giant slit-pore sea rod is a tall species of soft coral in the family Plexauridae. It is a relatively uncommon species and is found in shallow seas in the Caribbean region.
 Heterohyus is an extinct genus of apatemyid from the early to late Eocene.
 The Black-and-rufous Warbling Finch (Poospiza nigrorufa) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 Canipsa poliochyta is a species of snout moth. It was described by Turner in 1904 and is found in Australia.
 The Band-bellied Crake (Porzana paykullii) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in China Indonesia North Korea South Korea Malaysia Russia Thailand and Vietnam.It is getting rare due to habitat loss.
 Eulima cunaeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Autophila anaphanes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Mediterranean including the Balkans Cyprus Turkey Lebanon and Israel.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from April to June.The larvae feed on Genista and Ulex species.
 Kenrickodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The variable triplefin or striped triplefin Forsterygion varium is a triplefin of the genus Forsterygion found in Australia including Tasmania and all around New Zealand in rock pools and depths down to 30 metres in reef areas of broken rock with kelp.
 Akodon spegazzinii also known as Spegazzini's Akodont or Spegazzini's Grass Mouse is a rodent in the genus Akodon found in northwestern Argentina. It occurs in grassland and forest at 400 to 3500 m (1300 to 11500 ft) above sea level. After the species was first named in 1897 several other names were given to various populations now included in A. spegazzinii. They are now all recognized as part of a single widespread and variable species.
 Polypoetes aniplata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found along the eastern slope of the Andes at elevations between 1400 and 1800 meters from southernPeru south to northern Bolivia.
 Liocrobyla brachybotrys is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū and Kyūshū) and Korea.The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Wisteria brachybotrys. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an elongate or digitate blotch along the midrib. It is pale brown and bordered by pale green.
 Birdstone (foaled May 16 2001 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2004 Belmont Stakes and has become a successful sire.Owned and bred by Marylou Whitney of Whitney family racing fame Birdstone won the Champagne Stakes a leading race for two-year-olds at Belmont Park in 2003 but was not a factor in the first two Triple Crown races (finishing eighth in the Kentucky Derby and skipping the Preakness Stakes) and was a 36-1 longshot when he upset the overwhelmingly favored Smarty Jones taking the lead in the final furlong (201 m) in the fastest Belmont since the advent of modern electronic timing (2002 was the first year times were kept to hundredths).His sire Grindstone won the Kentucky Derby in 1996 and was a son of 1990 Derby winner Unbridled. 
 Scoparia pascoella is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1920. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Senegalese cobra (Naja senegalensis) is a species of cobra in the genus Naja that is found in West Africa. This species was long thought to be identical to the Egyptian cobra (Naja haje) but morphological and genetic differences have led to its recognition as a separate species. It differs from Naja haje in normally having more than 23 dorsal scale rows around the neck and a uniformly dark head without any obvious pattern on the supralabial scales.
 The Broad-banded Sailer (Neptis sankara) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.
 Vrilletta is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Turbonilla tarragai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Poultonella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).Both described species are only found in the United States.
 Penion chathamensis is a species of very large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Atimiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Spondylidinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Atimia Atimia confusa (Say 1826) Atimia gannoni Hovore & Giesbert 1974 Atimia helenae Linsley 1934 Atimia hoppingi Linsley 1939 Atimia huachucae Champlain & Knull 1922 Atimia mexicana Linsley 1934 Atimia vandykei Linsley 1939 Genus Paratimia Paratimia conicola Fisher 1915↑
 Eris (Ancient Greek: Ἔρις Strife) is the Greek goddess of chaos strife and discord. Her name is translated into Latin as Discordia which means discord. Eris' Greek opposite is Harmonia whose Latin counterpart is Concordia. Homer equated her with the war-goddess Enyo whose Roman counterpart is Bellona. The dwarf planet Eris is named after the goddess as is the religion Discordianism.
 Centrartha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Resapamea innota is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern Washington and Oregon across central and southern Idaho and northern and eastern California. The habitat consists of wet meadows at low or middle elevations.The length of the forewings is 14–17 mm. There are two forms one with red-brown forewings with a pale reniform spot and the other with gray and light tan forewings with lighter spots and a more complex pattern.
 Saphenista consona is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 The Gansu Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus kansuensis) is a small passerine bird known only from China. It belongs to the leaf warbler genus Phylloscopus within the family Phylloscopidae. It was formerly treated as a subspecies of Pallas's Warbler (P. proregulus) but is now regarded as a separate species based on differences in voice and cytochrome-b gene sequences.It is 10 cm long slightly larger than Pallas's Warbler. It has greenish upperparts pale underparts and a pale rump.
 Plebeia quadripunctata is a small stingless bee that occurs from central Brazil through Argentina formerly included in the genus Trigona. It is the sole member of the subgenus (Schwarziana) which has historically been treated by some authors as a separate genus though the most recent taxonomic revision places it among the Plebeia species albeit an atypical member of the group.
 Labidochromis gigas is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in areas with rocky substrates around Likoma Island and Chisumulu Island. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Calliope Hummingbird (Selasphorus calliope) is a very small hummingbird native to the United States and Canada and during winter Central America. It was previously considered the only member of the genus Stellula however recent evidence suggests placement in the genus Selasphorus. This bird was named after the Greek muse Calliope. The genus name means little star.
 Miletus is a genus of butterfly. The members (species] are found in the Eastern Palearctic ecozone the Indomalaya ecozone and some stray east of the Wallace line. The genus was erected by Jacob Hübner in [1819] (precise year uncertain).Miletus is the type genus of the subfamily Miletinae.
 Milbert's Tortoiseshell (Aglais milberti) also known as the Fire-rim Tortoiseshell is the only species of Aglais that occurs in North America.
 Copelatus poungai is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 2006.
 Lonchodytes is a Late Cretaceous genus of aquatic bird which lived along the shores of the Western Interior Seaway.
 Polymixia nobilis (stout beardfish) is a species of beardfish. This species can grow up to 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. The species live on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean on gravel and sandy bottoms. Scientists do not know how they behave or reproduce. The species's dorsal fin has five spines and 34-27 soft rays. The habitat of the fish is in the benthic zone.
 Hesperimorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Amyna.
 Brevicoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the order Oncocerida with wide distribution in the Middle Devonian in Eastern North America Russia and Morocco. Nautiloids form a broad group of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species in two genera.
 Coleophora otidipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe the Near East and the eastern Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on the seeds of Luzula species including Luzula campestris and Luzula multiflora. The larvae form a whitish or yellowish case.
 The Black-chinned Sparrow (Spizella atrogularis) is a small sparrow.This passerine bird is generally found in chaparral sagebrush arid scrublands and brushy hillsides breeding in the Southwestern United States (western Texas to southern California) and migrating in winter to north-central Mexico and Baja California Sur. There is also a non-migratory population in central Mexico.
 Coleophora lima is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Brachycythara barbarae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Lixus cardui is a species of true weevil found in EuropeIt was introduced in Australia to control scotch thistle Onopordum acanthium an invasive weed.
 Sactoceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod that lived during the Ordovician and Silurian in what would become North America Europe and Asia.
 The capped langur (Trachypithecus pileatus) is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is found in Bangladesh Nepal Bhutan China India and Myanmar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Heteroclinus eckloniae the Kelp weedfish is a species of clinid native to the Indo-Pacific waters of the southern coast of Australia where it can be found in kelp and algal reefs. This species can reach a maximum length of 11 centimetres (4.3 in) TL.
 Anarta nigrolunata is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Arctic and alpine regions of Canada.Anarta melanopa was considered a synonym of Hadula nigrolunata but Lafontaine and Troubridge state that there are “numerous consistent differences that warrant recognizing them as separate species”.
 The Microreas Agrotis Noctuid Moth (Agrotis microreas) was a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is now an extinct species.It was endemic to Hawaii United States.
 The short-tail nurse shark Pseudoginglymostoma brevicaudatum is a nurse shark in the family Ginglymostomatidae the only member of the genus Pseudoginglymostoma. It is found in the tropical western Indian Ocean between latitudes 0° and 27° S and reaches a length of 75 cm.
 Daudebardia brevipes is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae which belongs to the Limacoid clade.
 Scopula infantilis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar.The length of its frontwing is 8mm and the holytype had been collected in the Ivelona valley Andranomalaza Madagascar.Its description has been published by C.Herbulot in 1970 in : C.Herbulot Mémoire ORSTOM no 37 1970. LEPIDOPTERA GEOMETRIDAE DU TSARATANANA [MADAGASCAR NORD] - MISSION DANS LE MASSIF DU TSARATANANA 1966
 Babelomurex armatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Sepia mirabilis is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Indian Ocean. Specifically it is present off Sokotra Island and its natural range probably stretches to the east coast of Africa. It lives at depths to 50 m.S. mirabilis grows to a mantle length of 70 mm.The type specimen was collected in the Arabian Sea (12°22′N 54°28′E). It is deposited at the Zoological Museum in Moscow.
 The Wood-coloured Quaker (Apamea lignicolora) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is native to North America where it is distributed across much of Canada and the United States.The wingspan is 45 to 50 mm. The moth is reddish brown with darker patches and a W-shaped mark on the forewings. It is fringed with red and brown. The hindwings are more brown in color. The male genitalia has robust ampullae and digitus.
 The Creek loach (Schistura beavani) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Acrocercops macroplaca is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Meghalaya India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 Epipyrops is a genus of moths in the Epipyropidae family.
 Tebenna pretiosana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Finland Estonia France Spain Italy (including Sardinia and Sicily) Greece Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia.
 Thyranthrene pyrophora is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Micropentila nigeriana the Nigerian Dots is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana and Nigeria (west and Cross River loop). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 The yellowfin bream Acanthopagrus australis (also known as silver bream eastern black bream surf bream sea bream and bream) is a species of marine and freshwater fish of the porgy family Sparidae. It is a deep-bodied fish occasionally confused with Acanthopagrus butcheri (black bream) but is generally distinguished by its yellowish ventral and anal fins. It is a popular target for recreation fisherman due to its capacity to fight well above its weight coupled with its table quality.
 Ozamia lucidalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Ozamia. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found on Hispaniola and Jamaica as well as Cuba and in Mexico on the Florida Keys and Texas.The wingspan is 26–30 mm. The forewings are brown-grey with darker markings and the hindwings are white.The larvae feed on Opuntia spinosissima and Opuntia dillenii. They feed on the fruit of their host plant. The larvae are dark grey.
 Lasiothyris cerastes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Dorithia imitatrix is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Orthetrum robustum is a freshwater dragonfly species which occurs in Botswana Namibia South Africa and Zambia. The common name for this species is Robust Skimmer. It breeds inreedy swamps and woodland close to such swamps.
 Cepora judith is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It has no common name although ssp. is referred to as the Orange Gull. It is found in south-eastern Asia (see subspecies section).The larvae feed on Capparis species.
 The beaver (genus Castor) is a primarily nocturnal large semi-aquatic rodent. Castor includes two extant species the North American beaver (Castor canadensis) (native to North America) and Eurasian beaver (Castor fiber) (Eurasia). Beavers are known for building dams canals and lodges (homes). They are the second-largest rodent in the world (after the capybara).
 Perittia aganopa is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Psedaleulia dumetosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Brachygalba is a genus of bird in the Galbulidae family. It contains the following species: White-throated Jacamar (Brachygalba albogularis) Pale-headed Jacamar (Brachygalba goeringi) Brown Jacamar (Brachygalba lugubris) Dusky-backed Jacamar (Brachygalba salmoni)
 Paramevania is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Paramevania inconspicua which is found in tropical America.
 Reverence is a British champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He is a specialist sprinter who was especially effective over five furlongs (1000m) recording all but one of his wins over the distance. Most unusually for a modern thoroughbred racehorse Reverence did not appear on a racecourse until he was four years old. In a career that has lasted from May 2005 until August 2011 he has run forty two times and won ten races.
 Euchloron megaera is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from most of Africa and Yemen. It is a migratory species.The length of the forewings is 40–50 mm and the wingspan is 96–121 mm. The body and forewings are bright deep green. The forewings have a black and white spot at the base a dark brown spot near the tornus and one or two at the costa. The hindwings are orange-yellow with an irregular brown margin turning greenish near the tornus.
 Agapanthia detrita is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan. The species is 12–22 mm in length and is black coloured. Adults fly from April to June.
 Pupilla alpicola is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
 Cardioglossa melanogaster is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.In is a stream breeding species.
 Spheterista xanthogona is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii
 The White-fronted Tern (Sterna striata) is the most common tern of New Zealand. It rarely swims apart from bathing despite having webbed feet. The species is protected.White-fronted Terns feed in large flocks by plunge diving on shoals of smelt and pilchards which have been driven to the surface by larger fish and are easily caught.
 Terebra levantina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Antona nigrobasalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Guyana.
 Meropis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It now considered a synonym of Ophiusa.
 Pemphigaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Eupithecia kunzi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Prosipho enricoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The short-spired elimia scientific name †Elimia brevis was a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This species was endemic to the United States; it is now extinct.
 Capperia britanniodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in western Europe from Ireland and Spain to Norway Germany and Italy. It has also been recorded from Romania and Bulgaria.The wingspan is 18–21 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on the stem of Teucrium scorodonia just below some leaves. These soon wither away. The larvae then continue living underneath these withered leaves.
 Eois dione is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Sand Lark (Calandrella raytal) is a small passerine bird in the lark (Alaudidae) family largely resident in the river valleys of South Asia from Iran through sub-HimalayanIndia to Burma. It is somewhat similar but smaller than the Short-toed Lark. In the past it has also been referred to as the India Short-toed Lark Indian Sand Lark or Ganges Sand Lark.
 Bartschia significans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Crowned Slaty Flycatcher (Griseotyrannus aurantioatrocristatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers. It was formerly united in the genus Empidonomus with the Variegated Flycatcher but is now considered the only species of Griseotyrannus. The name Griseotyrannus aurantioatrocristatus means orange-colored black-crested grey Tyrannus.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Paraguay Peru Uruguay and Venezuela.
 Ornithoctona are genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. There are 12 known species. All species are parasites of birds.
 Coleophora flavicosta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Biturix grisea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1899. It is found in Colombia.
 Lygephila minima is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Russia (the Stavropol region) and Armenia.The wingspan is about 33 mm. The forewing are beige with silver shining irrorated with a few blackish-brown scales. The hindwings are beige brown.
 Vo Rogue (1983 - 8 May 2012) was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by American-bred Ivor Prince whose racing career ended from injury after just two starts. Ivor Prince was a son of the British champion Sir Ivor who won the 1968 2000 Guineas and Epsom Derby. His American damsire Dignitas was a multiple stakes winner in the United States and was a son of the U.S.
 Colias romanovi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the East Palearctic ( Kyrgyzstan west into Tajikistan Tian Shan N. China).
 Acallistus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Acallistus cuprescens (Sloane 1920) Acallistus longus (Sloane 1920) Acallistus plebius (Sloane 1920) Acallistus tasmanicus (Castelnau 1867)↑
 The El Oro Tapaculo or Ecuadorian Tapaculo (Scytalopus robbinsi) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Scytalopus a genus of tapaculos. It is restricted to a small area of southern Ecuador and was not described until 1997.It is a small tapaculo 11 centimetres long. The bill is black and fairly heavy. The plumage is grey with a brown nape and rump and brown barring on the flanks. The tail is blackish. The female's underparts are browner than those of the male.
 Ormetica albimaculifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The Chihuahuan pocket mouse (Chaetodipus eremicus) is a species of heteromyid rodent found in the southwestern United States and Mexico. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the desert pocket mouse (C. pencillatus) but was determined to be a distinct species in 1996 following analysis of its mitochondrial DNA.
 Apisa arabica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Warnecke in 1934. It is found in Saudi Arabia.
 Coleophora chamaedriella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Poland to Spain Sardinia Italy and Greece.The larvae feed on Teucrium chamaedrys Teucrium scorodonia and Veronica species. They create a yellow-brown lobe case of 10–12 mm with a mouth angle of about 80°. Larvae can be found from September to May.
 The Roodepoort Copper (Aloeides dentatis) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Lesotho and South Africa. The wingspan is 22–26 mm for males and 24–28 mm females. Adults are on wing from August to November and from February to March. There are two generations per year.The larvae of the nominate subspecies feed on Hermannia depressa and Lotononis eriantha. Larvae of ssp. maseruna feed on Hermannia jacobeifolia. The larvae are attended to by Lepisiota capensis ants.
 Turnoceras is a Devonian cephalopod belonging to the oncocerid family Nothoceratidae. Its shell is a broadly expanding exogastric cyrtocone with a flattened dorsum on the inner concave side; unconstricted aperture; no hyponimic sinus; and ventral siphuncle on the outer convex side composed of concave segments with actinosiphonate structures occupying the interior. Conostichoceras is similar externally but has a siphuncle with a trapezoidal aspect to its siphuncle segments.
 Lissotestella consobrina is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Hypoechinorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
 Anaeini is a tribe of Neotropical brush-footed butterflies.
 Colostethus triunfo is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Clear Wing Acraea (Acraea rabbaiae) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in KwaZulu-Natal Swaziland from Mozambique to Kenya and in Tanzania.The wingspan is 45–52 mm for males and 55–65 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with peaks from September to June and from March to June.The larvae feed on Tryphostemma zanzibaricum and Schlechterina mitostemmatoides.
 Paracymoriza is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The predatory carp (Chanodichthys erythropterus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Chanodichthys.
 Basilosaurus (king lizard) is a genus of early whale that lived 40 to 34 million years ago in the Late Eocene. The first fossil of B. cetoides was discovered in the United States and was initially believed to be some sort of reptile hence the suffix -saurus but it was later found to be a marine mammal. Richard Owen wished to rename the creature Zeuglodon (yoked tooth) but per taxonomic rules the creature's first name remained permanent. Fossils of B.
 Tegenaria argaeica is a funnel-web spider found in Bulgaria and Turkey.
 Eulima germana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima. As the name suggests this species is mainly distributed off the coasts of Germany and minor German Exclusive Economic Zones.
 Sinaga is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Zebina robustior is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Sphinctobelus is a genus of beetles which belong to the belids.
 Flabellina athadona is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marinegastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Oxycanus armatus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Melittia rufodorsa is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Desert Cisticola (Cisticola aridulus) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burkina Faso Chad Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Lesotho Mali Mauritania Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 † Acroreiidae is an extinct family of air-breathing snails pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Siphonariidae. The living siphonariids are all marine pulmonates false sea limpets that breathe air.
 Sparganothoides aciculana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the highlands of central Mexico. The length of the forewings is 8.7–10.2 mm for males and about 10.4 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish brown to bronze-greyish brown. The hindwings are white.
 Pararge adrastoides is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found south-eastern Transcaucasia Azerbaijan and northern Iran. The wingspan is 42–48 millimetres (1.7–1.9 in). The larvae have been recorded on Festuca species.
 Coptodisca powellella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Opler in 1971. It is found in California.The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Elachista pallens is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.The length of the forewings is about 2.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish to creamy white with some yellowish-brown scales. Adults have been recorded from midApril to mid August. There are probably two generations per year.
 Choreutis melophaga is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1931. It is found in India.
 Corytophanes is a genus of Neotropical lizards commonly referred to as helmeted iguanas or helmeted basilisks. They are all arboreal and reside in tropical forests. There are currently three recognized species.
 Hemiliostraca metcalfei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Ward's Trogon (Harpactes wardi) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family. Its range includes the northeastern parts of the Indian Subcontinent stretching eastwards to Southeast Asia. It is found in Bhutan India Tibet Myanmar and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the English botanist and explorer Francis Kingdon-Ward.
 Zenion is a genus of zeniontid fish which is known from the fossil record but is still extant.
 Polyptichites is the perisphictacean ammonite genus from the Lower Cretaceous of Russia. The shell is subinvolute and coarsely ribbed; ribs bifurcate or trifurcate mid or low on the flanks and cross over the rounded venter. The umbilicus is relatively small and deep. Outer whorls partially envelop the previous leaving a fairly deeply impressed dorsum.
 The green floater Lasmigona subviridis is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Euphaedra katangensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.
 The bee genus Manuelia is the sole lineage of the tribe Manueliini.
 Starksia sangreyae is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Caribbean coasts of Belize and probably also Honduras where it is found in shallow waters at depths of from 1 to 2 metres (3.3 to 6.6 ft). This species can reach a length of 1.6 centimetres (0.63 in) SL.
 Dosima fascicularis the buoy barnacle is the most specialised pleustonic goose barnacle species. It hangs downwards from the water surface held up by a float of its own construction and is carried along by ocean currents.
 Gillmeria stenoptiloides is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Japan (Honshu) Amur China Mongolia and Siberia.
 Neeressa whiteheadi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon).
 Periorisma carinifrons is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Periorisma.
 Enaeta barnesii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Cape mountain zebra Equus zebra zebra is a subspecies of the mountain zebra named for Cape Province of South Africa and found in the Western Cape and Eastern Cape areas. They mainly eat grass but if little food is left they will eat bushes. It has been a separate species than the Hartmann's mountain zebra but this is not supported by genetic evidence (see Mountain zebra#Taxonomy). Consequently it was only considered a subspecies in Mammal Species of the World.
 Graphium adamastor Boisduval’s White Lady is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Mali Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of dry forests and the transition zone between forests and the Guinea savanna.Adult females mimic of Amauris damocles.
 Centrodoras hasemani is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Rio Negro basin. This species grows to a length of 21.0 centimetres (8.3 in) SL.
 The Bucharian Vole (Blanfordimys bucharicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in possibly Afghanistan Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. Its natural habitat is temperate desert.
 Issidae is a family of planthoppers described by Spinola in 1839 belonging to the order Hemiptera suborder Auchenorrhyncha infraorder Fulgoromorpha. Species of this family are present in most of Europe in the eastern Palearctic ecozone in the Near East and in North Africa.Issidae are small insects generally with a stocky body as the wings mainly develop in width. Basic body coloration is not striking usually shows brownish colors. The head has two ocelli.
 Yunnanilus pachycephalus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus. It is a small (8.3 cm (3.3 in) SL) stream-dwelling fish known only from its type locality the Weizhangho stream Yangliu Yunnan China.
 Psocidae is a family of the insect order Psocoptera the booklice.Members of this family are recognised by their wing-venation where the areola postica is fused to the M-vein giving rise to the so-called discoidal cell. This family is closely related to Myopsocidae. The family is widespread including New Zealand. Genera include:BlasteClematostigmaTrichadenotecnum
 Zischkaia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 The Marico Barb (Barbus motebensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is named after the Marico River and found only in South Africa.
 The Purple Sunbird (Cinnyris asiaticus) is a small sunbird. Like other sunbirds they feed mainly on nectar although they will also take insects especially when feeding young. They have a fast and direct flight and can take nectar by hovering like a hummingbird but often perch at the base of flowers. The males appear all black except in some lighting when the purple iridescence becomes visible. Females are olive above and yellowish below.
 Pseudeurostus hilleri is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Calliotropis elephas is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Bedellia yasumatsui is a moth in the Bedelliidae family. It is known from Australia and Papua New Guinea.The larvae have been recorded on Ipomoea species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Dendropsophus novaisi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Junonia orithya is a nymphalid butterfly with many subspecies occurring from Africa through southern and south-eastern Asia and in Australia. In India its common English name is the Blue Pansy but in southern Africa it is known as the Eyed Pansy as the name Blue Pansy refers to Junonia oenone. In Australia this butterfly is known as the Blue Argus.
 Chaetodon xanthocephalus known commonly as the Yellowhead butterflyfish is a species of marine fish in the family Chaetodontidae.
 Cameraria picturatella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Connecticut Massachusetts New Jersey New York and Maine).The larvae feed on Myrica caroliniensis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a brownish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Calliostoma xanthos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The Mottled Piculet (Picumnus nebulosus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Morum joelgreenei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Thambeta is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Coleoxestia denticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The angular roughshark Oxynotus centrina is a rough shark of the family Oxynotidae.
 Carabus elysii magnificens is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Henan China. The subspecies are black coloured with either golden or bronze pronotum.
 The desert yellow bat (Scotoecus pallidus) is a species of vesper bat. It is found in India Pakistan and Bangladesh. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rural gardens and urban areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sarisa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae consisting of only one species Sarisa muriferata which is endemic to New Zealand and surroundingislands. It is widespread in the North and South Islands and recorded from Stewart Island Big South Cape Island the Chatham Islands and the Auckland Islands.Adults have functional mouthparts and are attracted to nectar sources.
 Ethmia powelli is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the Florida Keys.The length of the forewings is 4-4.7 mm for males and 4.1-4.9 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is silvery white with numerous black spots. The ground color of the hindwings is unicolorous pale gray with dark gray at margin. Adults are on wing in June and August.
 Ovulatibuccinum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Beyrichoceras is a genus belonging to the Goniatitid family Maxigoniatitidae that lived during the Mississippian Period (Early Carboniferous)
 The Large Wall Brown (Lasiommata maera) is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. The species is common in continental Europe. Though it is an avid flier It is seldom seen on flight in strong wind. Its preferred habitats are edges of the forests and unmanaged clearings on forested areas. The larva eats full-grown grasses such as Poa annua and Festuca pratensis.
 Saphenista incauta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Voluta is a genus of medium to large sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Leucoptera pulchricola is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Ochna pulchra.
 The Stub-tailed Antbird (Myrmeciza berlepschi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Mionochroma wilkei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schmidt in 1924. It is known from Panama and Ecuador.
 The Malabar danio (Devario malabaricus formerly Danio malabaricus) is a tropical fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae). Originating in Sri Lanka and the west coast of India the fish has been circulated throughout the world through the aquarium fish trade. It grows to a maximum length of 6.0 in (15.2 cm).The Malabar danio is found in tropical climates in a wide variety of waters from mountain streams to small pools but it prefers flowing waters.
 Phyllonorycter olympica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from central Greece.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine with one strong fold. Most frass is located alongside the cocoon. The roof of the mine is completely eaten out.
 Gymnosoma acrosterni is a Palaearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Lucinidae is a family of saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs. These bivalves are remarkable for their endosymbiosis with sulphide-oxidizing bacteria.
 Parvipelvia (Latin for little pelvis - parvus meaning little and pelvis meaning pelvis) is an extinct clade of euichthyosaur ichthyosaurs from the Late Triassic to the early Late Cretaceous (middle Norian - Cenomanian) of Asia Australia Europe North America and South America. Named by Ryosuke Motani in 1999 it contains the basal taxa like Macgowania and Hudsonelpidia. Maisch and Matzke (2000) found in their analysis seven synapomorphies that support Parvipelvia.
 Dark Star (foaled 1950 in Kentucky) was an American thoroughbred racehorse and sire. During his racing career he won six races most notably the 1953 Kentucky Derby in which he defeated Native Dancer.
 Mesophleps tephrastis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia (Western Australia).
 Tethinosoma is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae. The only known species T. fulvifrons is Australasian.
 Petroscirtes is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Pacific and Indian oceans.
 Cumia lucasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.
 Hellinsia monserrate is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Colombia.The wingspan is 33 mm. The forewings are grey‑brown far before the base of the cleft a dark brown wedge‑shaped spot is found reaching the costa. Adults are on wing in February at an altitude of 3250 meters.
 Diadegma agile is a wasp first described by Carl Gustav Alexander Brischke in 1880. No subspecies are listed.
 Cranchiinae is a subfamily containing four genera of glass squids.
 Mordellistena forticornis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Axelella funiculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Trifurcula aerifica is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is known from Peru.
 Lambis is a genus of large sea snails sometimes known as spider conchs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conch family.
 The gracile shrew mole (Uropsilus gracilis) is a species of mammal in the Talpidae family. It is found in China and Myanmar.
 Rivetina pulisangini is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Batrachylodes gigas is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Paradeudorix is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
 Cinysca alvesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Areneidae.
 Drakensberg Minnow (Labeobarbus aspius) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Congo Democratic Republic.
 Pariente's fork-marked lemur (Phaner parienti) or the Sambirano fork-marked lemur is a species of lemur endemic to the Sambirano region of north-western Madagascar. This lemur has light brown to gray upperparts a prominent facial fork and dorsal stripe that runs from the tail's tip to the point where it splits on the lemur's head to rejoin at the nose and a white-tipped tail. It is found in lowland and mid-altitude humid forests and is nocturnal.
 Spergo aithorrhis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tamarixia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae containing the following species: Tamarixia actis (Walker 1839) Tamarixia akkumica (Kostjukov 1978) Tamarixia arboreae (Graham 1979) Tamarixia asiatica Kostjukov 1996 Tamarixia atamiensis (Ashmead 1904) Tamarixia bicolor Mercet 1924 Tamarixia brovni Kostjukov 2000 Tamarixia caillardiae (Kostjukov 1978) Tamarixia cometes (Girault 1915) Tamarixia dahlsteni Zuparko 2011 Tamarixia dhetysaicus Kostjukov 1996 Tamarixia dryi (Waterston 1922) Tamarixia dwivarnus Narendran 2007 Tamarixia dyra (Burks 1943)?Tamarixia erytreae Tamarixia flavicoxae Kostjukov 2000) Tamarixia flavigaster (Brothers & Moran 1969) Tamarixia flaviventris (Kostjukov 1978) Tamarixia fulvus Yefremova & Yegorenkova 2009 Tamarixia girishi Narendran 2007 Tamarixia hanca Kostjukov 2000 Tamarixia klarisae Kostjukov 1996 Tamarixia krascheninnikovi (Kostjukov 1990) Tamarixia leptothrix Graham 1991 Tamarixia leucaenae Boucek 1988 Tamarixia meteora (Girault 1915) Tamarixia monesus (Walker 1839) Tamarixia newelskoyi (Kostjukov 1990) Tamarixia nocturna Kostjukov 2000 Tamarixia orientalis Khan Agnihotri & Sushil 2005 Tamarixia pallicornis (Walker 1872) Tamarixia poddubnyi (Kostjukov 1978) Tamarixia pojarkovi (Kostjukov 1990) Tamarixia pookodica Narendran 2007 Tamarixia pronomus (Walker 1839) Tamarixia przewalskii (Kostjukov 1990) Tamarixia psyllae Yefremova & Yegorenkova 2009 Tamarixia pubescens (Nees 1834) Tamarixia pygmaeola (Erdos 1958) Tamarixia radiata (Waterston 1922) Tamarixia rudolfae (Kostjukov 1978) Tamarixia schina Zuparko 2011 Tamarixia sheebae Narendran 2005 Tamarixia stelleri (Kostjukov 1990) Tamarixia tremblayi (Domenichini 1965) Tamarixia triozae (Burks 1943) Tamarixia tschirikovi (Kostjukov 1990) Tamarixia turundaevskayae (Kostjukov 1978) Tamarixia upis (Walker 1839) Tamarixia vinokurovi Kostjukov 1995 Tamarixia yoorica Narendran 2007↑ ↑
 Metallosticha pamphaes is a species of snout moths in the genus Metallosticha. It was described by Turner in 1904 and is known from Australia.
 The Bogotá Rail (Rallus semiplumbeus) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Uropeltis petersi commonly known as the shieldtail earth snake is a species of nonvenomous snake in the family Uropeltidae. It is endemic to India.
 Neagylla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Neagylla nevosa which is found in Ecuador.
 Diaspidinae is the largest subfamily of armored scale insects with 252 genera.
 The One-colored Becard (Pachyramphus homochrous) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC.
 Pyrgulina buriti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Omorgus loxus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Stosicia garciai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 The whitenose whipray or Bleeker's whipray (Himantura uarnacoides) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae.
 Colletes hederae the Ivy Bee is a species of plasterer bee belonging to the family Colletidae subfamily Colletinae.These mining bees are known from Austria Belgium Channel Islands Croatia Cyprus southern England France Germany Greece Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Serbia Slovenia Spain and Switzerland.They have been only recently described (Schmidt & Westrich 1993) as a distinct species.
 Aethes turialba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Hyposmocoma ochreocervina is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Waianae Mountains where it was collected on an altitude of 3000 feet.The food plant is unknown but the moths were found on Metrosideros.
 Euphaedra barnsi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu) and Rwanda.
 Cicurina cicur is a spider species found in Europe to Central Asia.
 Hemiliostraca waltersi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Leptodactylus longirostris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. Its local name is sapito silbador carilargo (long-faced whistling toadlet).It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland and rural gardens.
 Azygophleps larseni is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Iraq Iran Oman and Yemen.
 The Kilimanjaro shrew (Crocidura monax) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
 Diasemia reticularis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is typically found in the tropics but may range into Europe as far north as the North Sea region because of its migratory nature.The wingspan is 18–22 mm.
 Conus californicus also known as Californiconus californicus common name the California cone is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails. As both the Latin name and common name suggest this cone is found primarily in California.
 Pauesia is a parasitoid wasp genus in the family Aphidiinae. The species in the genus use the conifer aphids (genus Cinara) as their host.Pauesia anatolica is a parasitoid of the cedar aphid Cinara cedri
 Eva is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Trochaclis islandica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ataphridae.
 Ophiusa alticola is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 Gea is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.
 Dendrophilia unicolorella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Ponomarenko in 1993. It is found in Russia (Primorskii krai) and Korea.The larvae feed on Lespedeza bicolor.
 Conus sydneyensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should not be handled at all except by qualified federal animal control personnel.
 Asakalaphium depressum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Asakalaphium.
 The Lowland Brush Mouse (Pogonomelomys bruijni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Cychrus kozlovi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Semenov & Znojko in 1934.
 Hellinsia costatus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including California Utah and British Columbia.The wingspan is 30-33 mm. The head is pale greyish-yellow but paler between the antennae. The antennae and palpi are more whitish the latter with a dark streak on the outside of the third joint and tip of the second. The thorax and abdomen are pale greyish yellow the latter with a faint brown dorsal line.
 Paradysstroma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aellen's Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros marisae) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea and Liberia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and caves. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 B. Thoughtful (foaled 1975 in California) was an American Thoroughbred racemare. Raced by Swiss businessman Walter Haefner and trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Robert Wheeler she won eight stakes races including the Oak Leaf Stakes and Hollywood Oaks.The B. Thoughtful Stakes a race for California bred fillies and mares run annually at Hollywood Park Racetrack was named in her honor.
 The Great Northern Loon (Gavia immer) is a large member of the loon or diver family of birds. The species is known as the Common Loon in North America and the Great Northern Diver in Eurasia; its current name is a compromise proposed by the International Ornithological Committee.
 The Green Racket-tail (Prioniturus luconensis) is an endemic parrot of the Philippines where it is found on Luzon and Marinduque. This species was once common but is rapidly declining and is currently classified as vulnerable due to lowland deforestation and capture for cage-bird trade.Males entirely yellow-green with paler underparts and head. The two central tail feathers are elongated with bare shafts and terminated with black rackets.
 The Brown-backed Honeybird (Prodotiscus regulus) also known as the Wahlberg's Honeybird Wahlberg's Honeyguide and Sharp-billed Honeyguide is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.This bird is named after the Swedish naturalist Johan August Wahlberg.
 The Purple Leaf Blue Amblypodia anita (sometimes simply called Leaf Blue) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.16x Media related to Amblypodia anita at Wikimedia Commons16x Data related to Amblypodia anita at Wikispecies
 Geoplanoidea is a superfamily of freshwater and land triclads that comprises the species of the Geoplanidae and the Dugesiidae families.Dugesiidae and Geoplanidae share a duplication of the cluster that codifies for the 18S ribosomal RNA.
 Phelsuma astriata astriata is a subspecies of Seychelles small day gecko. It is a small slender lizard with bright green colour that feeds primarily on insects. It is found on several islands of the Seychelles.
 The Red-legged Sun Squirrel (Heliosciurus rufobrachium) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna.
 Suinoorda is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Loxophlebia geminata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Detroit City (5 April 2002 – 24 November 2007) was a thoroughbred racehorse most famous as a two mile hurdler. He won five Class 1 races including the 2006 Triumph Hurdle he also had success on the flat in the Cesarewitch Handicap. The grey died in November 2007 aged five following a fall at Ascot. He was trained by Jeremy Noseda until his hurdling career began when Philip Hobbs took over. Six of his seven wins over hurdles came with Richard Johnson as jockey.
 Prorella ochrocarneata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Arizona.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are light fleshy ochreous. The terminal area is of a deeper shade than the remainder of the wing forming a narrow terminal band rather even in character. The hindwings are paler with a small smoky patch at the base of the wing. Adults have been recorded on wing in August.
 Ophisma cuprizonea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Madagascar.
 Tila is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Epipyropidae is a small family of moths. This family and the closely related Cyclotornidae are unique among the Lepidoptera in that the larvae are ectoparasites the hosts typically being fulgoroid planthoppers thus the common name Planthopper Parasite Moths.
 Micropechis ikaheka commonly known as the small-eyed snake or Ikaheka snake is a highly venomous elapid the only recognized member of the poorly understood genus Micropechis. It is endemic to New Guinea and several adjacent islands notably Karkar Island where it is particularly common and referred to as the white snake due to its pale coloring. It is known to occur on the Aru Islands as well as on Manam and Wallis.
 The Marieps Emperor (Charaxes marieps) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 48–60 mm in males and 65–70 mm in females. Has two broods from September to November and March to May.Larvae feed on Ochna species.
 Syrphocheilosia is a genus of hoverflies.
 Cinctura is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies. Species in this genus were previously grouped in the genus Fasciolaria.
 Crypsedra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It consists of only one species:Crypsedra gemmea Treitschke 1825
 Brachycerus bufo is a species of Curculionidae family Brachycerinae subfamily.
 The Alvord chub Gila alvordensis is a rare cyprinid fish endemic to the Alvord basin in southeastern Oregon and northwestern Nevada USA known only from a few springs streams and marshes in the Sheldon National Wildlife Refuge and one location elsewhere.The Alvord chub is a small fish with adults ranging up to 14 cm in length but with many half that size. It is generally grayish-whitish darker on the back than below and with a faint band passing down the sides.
 Odontamblyopus lacepedii is a species of eel goby found in muddy-bottomed coastal waters in China Korea and Japan. This species excavates elaborate vertical burrows up to 90 centimetres (35 in) long in the sea bed. This species can reach a length of 30.3 centimetres (11.9 in) SL.
 Neomordellistena bredoi is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1952 by Ermisch.
 Osmerus is a genus of smelt.
 Asterolamia is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Megacorma schroederi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi in Indonesia.
 The Angulose Prominent (Peridea angulosa) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found from southern Canada south to Florida and west to Texas.The wingspan is 35–45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Kolpophis is a genus of sea snakes of the family Hydrophiidae.
 Members of the family Bucephalidae are trematode flatworms with no oral sucker using instead a rhynchus as an adhesive organ at their anterior end. Many are common parasites of freshwater fish.The name Bucephalus meaning ox head was originally applied to the genus Bucephalus because of the horn-like appearance of the forked tail (furcae) of its cercaria larva.
 Pseudomylothris is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.
 The African Small White (Dixeia charina) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family and is native to southeastern Africa.Wingspan is 34–40 mm in males and 36–42 mm in females. Flight period is year-round.Larvae feed on Capparis citrifolia and Capparis sepiaria.
 Conus gordyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Platycryptus undatus also called tan jumping spider is a species of jumping spider.
 Barbus eburneensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Chinese Grosbeak or Yellow-billed Grosbeak (Eophona migratoria) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It can be found in the following countries: China Hong Kong Japan North and South Korea Laos Myanmar Russia Taiwan Thailand Vietnam.It is found in these habitats: temperate forests.
 Ditylenchus africanus (Peanut pod nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Olrog's Gull (Larus atlanticus) is a species of gull found along the Atlantic coast of southern Brazil Uruguay and northern Argentina. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the very similar L. belcheri. It is a large gull with a black back and wings white head and underparts a black band in the otherwise white tail and a yellow bill with a red and black tip. Non-breeding adults have a blackish head and a white eye-ring. The species is named after Swedish-Argentine biologist Claes C.
 Cameraria sokoke is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in eastern Kenya. The habitat consists of East African Coastal Forest.The length of the forewings is about 1.9 mm. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is light ochreous with white markings consisting of a basal streak and three parallel fasciae. The hindwings are pale greyish with a silvery shine and with a long fringe of slightly darker shading without shine. Adults are on wing in late March.
 Bulimulus wolfi is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Duplicaria anseeuwi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 George Washington (3 January 2003 – 27 October 2007) was a thoroughbred racehorse foaled in Ireland by champion sire Danehill out of Bordighera also the dam of the high-class colt Grandera. Bred by Roy and Gretchen Jackson he was trained at Ballydoyle by Aidan O'Brien and owned by Susan Magnier Michael Tabor Derrick Smith. George Washington suffered a dislocated ankle fracture during the Breeders' Cup Classic at Monmouth Park on 27 October 2007 and was euthanized.
 Lamprima aenea is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae that is found in on Norfolk Island.
 Deprandus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 The anchialine pool snail scientific name Neritilia hawaiiensis is a species living in brackish estuaries and in anchialine pools. These snails have an operculum and are aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritiliidae.
 Incaeromene is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Namuli Apalis (Apalis thoracica lynesi) is a small African passerine bird belonging to the genus Apalis in the family Cisticolidae. Many taxonomista consider it a subspecies of the Bar-throated Apalis.It is the only bird species endemic to Mozambique and is found only in the Mount Namuli massif in the north of the country where it was first discovered in 1932 by the English-born ornithologist Jack Vincent. There were no more records until an expedition rediscovered it in 1998.
 Musseromys is a genus of rodent in the family of Muridae.
 Paramesiodes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Polypoetes augustimacula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.It is one of the largest species in the Polypoetes genus. The female type the only known specimen has a forewing length of 22 mm.
 Panthera blytheae is an extinct feline of the late Miocene and early Pliocene epochs. Skull fragments of the species have been dated to between 4.1 and 5.95 million years old.
 Pope Joan (1809 – 1830) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. She won four of her eight starts before being retired to stud where she became a successful broodmare. She foaled 1000 Guineas winner Tontine 2000 Guineas winner Turcoman and Epsom Oaks winner Turquoise. Pope Joan was bred by Augustus FitzRoy 3rd Duke of Grafton and after his death was owned by his son George FitzRoy 4th Duke of Grafton.
 Digitivalva nephelota is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Amata wallacei is a species of moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.The length of the forewings is 15-16 mm. Adults have five white spots on black forewings and two white spots on the hindwings. There are yellow rings at the base of the abdomen and on the sixth segment.
 Coleophora adlecta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Iran.
 Platystoma is a genus of flies (Diptera) belonging to the family Platystomatidae.
 Common names: Timor python.Python timoriensis is a nonvenomous python species found in South East Asia. A dwarf form no subspecies are currently recognized.
 Diadema mexicanum is a species of long-spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae. It is native to the Pacific coast of Mexico Costa Rica El Salvador Nicaragua and Panama.
 Trichromia lophosticta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found in French Guiana Bolivia and Costa Rica.
 Orthogonius dongnanya is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Cheilomenes lunata is a species of ladybird. It was described by Fabricius in 1775.
 Lissochroa is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The Cichlinae are a subfamily of South American fishes in the cichlid family. They are predatory and relatively elongated in shape. Of the three genera in the subfamily some species of Cichla reach almost 1 m (3.3 ft) in length making them by far the largest cichlids of the Americas and among the largest cichlids anywhere. In contrast Teleocichla species are among the smallest cichlids of the Americas and most species only reach around 6 cm (2.4 in) in length.
 Galileo Rock (foaled 18 April 2010) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2013 he was placed in the Epsom Derby Irish Derby and St Leger Stakes.
 The nurse shark (Ginglymostoma cirratum) is a shark in the nurse sharks (Ginglymostomatidae) family the only member of its genus Ginglymostoma. Nurse sharks can reach a length of 4.3 m (14 ft) and a weight of 330 kg (730 lb).
 Etheostoma squamiceps the spottail darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States. It is found in the Ohio River basin and in the Red River system of the Cumberland River drainage. It inhabits rocky pools and nearby riffles of flowing waters up to the size of small rivers. This species can reach a length of 8.8 centimetres (3.5 in) TL though most only reach about 4.6 centimetres (1.8 in).
 Pour Moi (foaled 10 January 2008) is an Irish-bred and French-trained thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from September 2010 to June 2011 he ran five times and won three races. He is most noted for winning the 2011 Epsom Derby. His career was ended by injury before he could run again and he was retired to stud.
 Trinacromerum is an extinct genus of sauropterygian reptile belonging to the plesiosaur suborder. It lived during the Late Cretaceous period in what is now Kansas. It was 3 meters (9.8 feet) long. Its teeth show it fed on small fish.The long flippers of Trinacromerum enabled it to achieve high swimming speeds. Its physical appearance was described by Richard Ellis as akin to a four-flippered penguin.
 Costasiella coronata is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Limapontiidae.
 Catoptria fulgidella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Ukraine Slovenia Croatia and Bulgaria.The wingspan is 22–29 mm. Adults have been recorded from June to August.The larvae feed on Carex (including Carex arenaria) Gnaphalium (including Gnaphalium dicicum) and possibly Antennaria and Festuca species.
 Phorticosomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Phorticosomus castelnaui Sloane 1915 Phorticosomus crassus Sloane 1915 Phorticosomus edelii Castelnau 1867 Phorticosomus felix Schaum 1863 Phorticosomus franzi Baehr 1998 Phorticosomus grandis Castelnau 1867 Phorticosomus gularis Sloane 1915 Phorticosomus horni Sloane 1896 Phorticosomus macleayi Sloane 1915 Phorticosomus mucronatus Blackburn 1888 Phorticosomus nuytsii Castelnau 1867 Phorticosomus piceus Sloane 1915 Phorticosomus randalli Blackburn 1890 Phorticosomus robustus Blackburn 1889 Phorticosomus rotundatus Moore 1967 Phorticosomus rugiceps Macleay 1871 Phorticosomus similis Blackburn 1888 Phorticosomus zabroides Sloane 1910↑
 Amaurobius spominimus is a spider species found in Poland.
 Colla gaudialis is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Proteuxoa atmoscopa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New South Wales South Australia and Western Australia.
 Phyllobrostis farsensis is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is only known from Fars in Iran.The wingspan is about 7 mm.
 The Le Conte’s Sparrow (Ammodramus leconteii) is one of the smallest sparrow species in North America.It is a very secretive bird that prefers to spend most of its time on the ground under the cover of tall grasses. They are typically very difficult to flush often only flushing at a distance of 1–3 m as they prefer to run across the ground. When they do emerge they rarely fly more than a foot or two above the grass and often descend again within a few meters.
 Spiraxidae is a family of predatory air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the superfamily Testacelloidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Turbonilla anularia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Three-streaked Tchagra (Tchagra jamesi) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.The binomial of this bird commemorates the explorer Frank Linsly James.
 Schmutz's worm snake (Typhlops schmutzi) is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The Pygmy Drongo or Papuan Drongo (Chaetorhynchus papuensis) is a species of bird endemic to the island of New Guinea. It is the only species in the genus Chaetorhynchus. The species was long placed within the drongo family Dicruridae but it differs from others in that family in having twelve rectrices instead of ten.
 Haplochromis plagiodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species can reach a length of 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) SL.
 Euchelus guttarosea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Pachyduvalia is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Lemodinae is a beetle subfamily in the family Anthicidae.
 Leucosyrinx badenpowelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Black-crested Antshrike (Sakesphorus canadensis) is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is a resident breeder in tropical South America in Trinidad Colombia Venezuela the Guianas northern Brazil and northeastern Peru.This is a bird of undergrowth in mangrove or other swampy forest and thickets near water. It is usually found as territorial pairs. The female lays two purple-lined white eggs in a deep cup nest suspended below a branch or vine.
 Pikaia gracilens is an extinct animal known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia. Sixteen specimens of Pikaia are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed where they comprised 0.03% of the community. It resembles a living chordate commonly known as the lancelet and perhaps swam much like an eel.
 Xerocrassa barceloi is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Amphinectomys savamis also known as the Ucayali Water Rat or Amphibious Rat is a rodent from Peruvian Amazonia. It is placed as the only member of genus Amphinectomys in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. It is similar to Nectomys but its discoverers considered it to be different enough (with more expansive interdigital webbing and a significantly broader interorbital region) to require its own genus.
 Echinometra mathaei the burrowing urchin is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae. It occurs in shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific region. The type locality is Mauritius.
 Phyllidiella zeylanica is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae.
 The black carpet beetle Attagenus unicolor is a beetle 3–5 millimetres (0.12–0.20 in) long that can be a serious household pest. The larvae grow to 7 mm (0.28 in) in length are reddish brown in colour and covered with bristles. The larval form feeds on natural fibres damaging carpets furniture and clothing.
 The Western Silvereye (Zosterops lateralis chloronotus) is a small greenish bird in the Zosteropidae or White-eye family. It is a subspecies of the Silvereye that occurs in Western Australia and South Australia. It is sometimes called the White-eye or Greenie. Aboriginal names for the bird include Jule-we-de-lung or Julwidilang from the Perth area and Poang from the Pallinup River.
 The badger flea (Paraceras melis) is an external parasite of the European badger (Meles meles). It has also been found on the fox (Vulpes vulpes) the dog (Canis familiaris) the cat (Felis catus) the European polecat (Mustela putorius) the mole (Talpa europaea) and the fallow deer (Dama dama).
 Saadanius is a genus of fossil primate dating to the Oligocene that is closely related to the common ancestor of the Old World monkeys and apes collectively known as catarrhines. It is represented by a single species Saadanius hijazensis which is known only from a single partial skull tentatively dated between 29 and 28 mya (million years ago).
 Epinotia rubiginosana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe to eastern Russia China Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 13–15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae of the nominate subspecies feed on Pinus sylvestris Pinus pinea and also Abies species. Subspecies koraiensis can be found on Pinus koraiensis Pinus densiflora Pinus strobus and Pinus pumila. The larvae feed on spun needles.
 Plecopterodes is an Afrotropical genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. The species include: Plecopterodes deprivata Plecopterodes exigua Plecopterodes heterochroa Plecopterodes lutosa Plecopterodes melliflua Plecopterodes moderata Plecopterodes molybdopasta↑ ↑ ↑
 The African Leaf Butterfly (Precis tugela) also known as the Eared Commodore is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern and southern Africa ranging from Ethiopia to South Africa. It is commonly included in the genus Precis instead of Junonia.The wingspan is 55–60 mm in males and 58–64 mm in females.The larvae feed on Plectranthus spp. and Englerastrum scandens.
 Musotima is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coleophora subparcella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Turkestan.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica. They create a leafy case consisting of masticated apices of individual leaf blades arranged in an imbricate pattern on the upper and lower sides. The valve is two-sided. The length of the case is 6-6.5 mm and it is yellowish-chocolate-brown in color. Larvae can be found from the beginning of June and (after diapause) from April to May.
 The Somali Pigeon or Somali Stock Dove (Columba oliviae) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to northern Somalia. Because there has hardly been any research on the species the health of the population is uncertain. However it has been suggested that the species is relatively rare. The IUCN Redlist identified a possible threat to the species from the Speckled pigeon (Columba guinea')'.The species dwells mostly in rock along the arid coast of Somalia.
 Scelilasia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Scelilasia erythrozonata which is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Netechma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Chilochromopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Aetapcus maculatus the Warty prowfish is a species of Australian prowfish endemic to the coastal waters of southern Australia where it inhabits mostly rocky reefs. This species grows to a length of 21 centimetres (8.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Paludinella semperi is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is found in Marshall Islands and Palau.
 Syringoseca rhodoxantha is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Emphorini are a tribe of apid bees.
 Leptaxis wollastoni is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails. This species is endemic to Madeira (Porto Santo and Ilhéu de Fora).
 Tithoes maculatus is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Conus ochroleucus common name the prefect cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There is one subspecies: Conus ochroleucus tmetus Tomlin 1937 (synonyms : Asprella ochroleuca tmetus (Tomlin J.R.
 The Toothy conger (Bathycongrus odontostomus) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Henry Weed Fowler in 1934 originally under the genus Uranoconger. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western Indian and southwestern Pacific Ocean including the Philippines and Indonesia. It is known to dwell at a depth of 886 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 4.3 centimetres.
 Sibynophis bistrigatus commonly known as Günther's many-toothed snake is a nonvenomous species of colubrid snake found in Myanmar (formerly called Burma) and India (Nicobar Islands) but snakes collected in Myanmar and the Nicobar Islands might actually not refer to the same species. This rare snake is known from tropical dry forests.
 Eatonina pumila is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.
 The leaf beetle Chrysomela lapponica L. is found in central and northern Europe feeding on leaves of willows and birch. The adult beetles are about 8 mm long and beetles in different regions can have different colour patterns on their elytra.
 Bonchis munitalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Bonchis. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and is known from Honduras the Dominican Republic Brazil and Venezuela. It is also found in the southern United States.
 Epyaxa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Peters's Pipistrelle (Falsistrellus petersi) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines.
 The Tractrac Chat (Cercomela tractrac) is a small passerine bird of the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is a common resident breeder in southernmost Angola western Namibia and western South Africa.Its habitat is Karoo and desert scrub hummock dunes and gravel plains.
 The Snail Kite (Rostrhamus sociabilis) is a bird of prey within the family Accipitridae which also includes the eagles hawks and Old World vultures. Its relative the Slender-billed Kite is now again placed in Helicolestes making the genus Rostrhamus monotypic. Usually placed in the milvine kites the validity of that group is under investigation.
 Amazon parrot is the common name for a parrot of the genus Amazona. These are medium-size parrots native to the New World ranging from South America to Mexico and the Caribbean.Most Amazon parrots are predominantly green with accenting colors that depend on the species and can be quite vivid. They feed primarily on seeds nuts and fruits supplemented by leafy matter.Many Amazon parrots have a remarkable ability to mimic human speech and other sounds.
 Solenochilus type genus of the Solenochildae (Aipocerataceae) is an extinct cosmopotilian nautilid from the Lower Pennsylvanian to the Lower Permian with a rapidly expanding coiled globular shell with few whorls from which prominent spines extend laterally from the umbilical area at maturity.
 Cosmopterix gracilis is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from China (Jiangxi) Japan Korea and Russia.The length of the forewings is about 5.7 mm.
 Rhagium is a genus of the flower longhorns (Lepturinae) subfamily in longhorned beetle (Cerambycidae) family.
 The Crocothemis erythraea is a member of the dragonfly genus Crocothemis. Its common names include Broad Scarlet Common Scarlet-darter Scarlet Darter and Scarlet Dragonfly.
 Lepophidium is a genus of cusk-eels.
 The Southern Scrub Flycatcher (Sublegatus modestus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay Peru and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Acanthaster brevispinus or the short-spined crown-of-thorns starfish is one of the two members of the Acanthaster genus of starfish along with the much more well-known Acanthaster planci the common crown-of-thorns starfish.
 Scopula moorei is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 The Forest Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus silvestris) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Republic of the Congo and Gabon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and caves. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Manduca incisa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil and Bolivia.It is similar in appearance to several other members of the Manduca genus but a number of differences distinguish it from Manduca lefeburii to which it most closely compares particularly in the narrow black mesial line on the abdomen upperside the paler forewing upperside the somewhat more conspicuous distal costal mark and the more extended apical line.
 The Pale-bellied Mourner (Rhytipterna immunda) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Mordella schapleri is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Neritina oweniana is a species of small freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.
 Hyalorisia galea is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Saphenista livida is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Durango).
 The Meneria Metalmark (Amarynthis meneria) is a butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is only member of the Amarynthis genus. It is a common species in lowland rainforests east of the Andes from Venezuela Surinam and Guyana south through the Brazilian Amazon to Peru and northern Argentina.
 Leptothyra verruca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Colloniidae. The shells of this species known in Ni'ihau as kahelelani'ila'ula are used to make leis.
 Lophocampa hyalinipuncta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Carchi) Peru (Huanuco Puno Amazonas) and Bolivia (La Paz Cochabamba Chuquisaca).
 Eunostus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Eunostus allardi Basilewsky 1957 Eunostus burgeoni Alluaud 1919 Eunostus chappuisi Alluaud 1936 Eunostus crampeli Alluaud 1919 Eunostus guieinzii Chaudoir 1862 Eunostus guineensis Straneo 1943 Eunostus harrarensis Alluaud 1919 Eunostus insignis Alluaud 1919 Eunostus latreillei Laporte De Castelnau 1835 Eunostus milloti Jeannel 1949 Eunostus perrieri Jeannel 1949 Eunostus puncticeps Basilewsky 1957 Eunostus sicardi Jeannel 1949 Eunostus vuilleti Alluaud 1919↑
 Xylodromus sassuchini is a species of beetle in the rove beetle family that is endemic to Russia.
 Sphodromantis kersteni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya Tanzania and Sudan.
 Arabineura is a genus of damselfly in family Protoneuridae. It contains the following species: Arabineura khalidi
 The Banda Myzomela (Myzomela boiei) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Scartichthys gigas the giant blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean from Panama to northern Chile. Members of this species feed primarily off of plants (including benthic algae and weeds) crustaceans and small mollusks and they themselves are caught for human consumption being made into the mildly narcotic soup barrocho. This species reaches a length of 22.2 centimetres (8.7 in) SL.
 The zebra spinyeel (Mastacembelus zebratus) is a species of fish in the Mastacembelidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Shatania is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Sacada discinota is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in India and Taiwan.
 Schizothorax kozlovi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Varicopeza is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Asota plana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Oriental tropics east to New Guinea.The wingspan is about 56 mm.Larvae have been recorded on Ficus species.
 Mexacanthina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Western Marbled White (Melanargia occitanica) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in North Africa and South Western Europe.The length of the forewings is 25–28 mm. The butterflies fly in one generation from April to June.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Rioxa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Sitona californicus is a species of weevil in the Curculionidae family that can be found in Nearctic and in US states such as Arizona and California. In California the species were recorded between March 5 1925 and February 1 1926 at Monterey County Carmel while in Arizona it was found in Pima county Santa Rita Mountains.
 Turcutheca is a Tommotian (Early Cambrian) genus of mollusc whose affinities are uncertain although it bears a certain resemblance to both the hyolithids and the ellesmeroceratids (early cephalopods).
 Wilkara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Psilogramma salomonis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands.
 Euphaedra cyparissa the True Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of drier forests and open wet forests or the edges of wet forests.The length of the forewings is 31–33 mm for males and about 40 mm for females.
 Ceratodiscus is a genus of tropical and subtropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae. Ceratodiscus is the type genus of the subfamily Ceratodiscinae.
 The Torotoroka Scops Owl (Otus madagascariensis) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar and was previously its own species. O. madagascariensis and O. rutilus have now been re-lumped following Fuchs et al. (2007).Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Elachista drenovoi is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Republic of Macedonia.
 Glycymeris nummaria is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae the bittersweet clams.
 Athrips nigricostella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in France Germany Poland Austria Switzerland Italy the Czech Republic Slovakia Slovenia Hungary Romania Ukraine and Russia. It is also found in Turkey Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan the Russian Far East and Japan.
 The Moustached Laughingthrush (Garrulax cineraceus) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family. In the proposed rearrangement of the laughingthrushes it is placed in the genus Ianthocincla as I. cineracea.It is found in China India and Myanmar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Isophya harzi is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It is found only in Romania.
 Sporades is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Sporades macrops Ueno 1966 Sporades sexpunctatus Fauvel 1882 Sporades testaceus Ueno 1966↑
 Edestidae is a poorly known extinct family of shark-like eugeneodontid holocephalid cartilaginous fish. Members of this family possessed a unique tooth-whorl on the symphysis of the lower jaw as well as pectoral fins supported by long radials. The palatoquadrate was either fused to the skull or reduced. Edestids along with the rest of Eugeneodontida are placed within Holocephali.
 Bittacus is a genus of hanging flies in the order Mecoptera. Members of the genus have a cosmopolitan distribution.
 Digama aganais is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Tisiphone is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 Ochyrotica rufa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Cosmisoma taunayi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Melzer in 1923.
 Elachista andorraensis is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Colostethus vanzolinius is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Agrionympha pseliacma is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in South Africa where it is known only from Karkloof Falls in Kwazulu-Natal.It has been recorded in the shade of very high trees with little patches of sunshine in the entrance to a kloof.The length of the forewings is about 3 mm for males and about 3.4 mm for females.
 Agaraea strigata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Reich in 1936. It is found in Colombia.
 Eudendrium aylingae is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Melanodexia is a peculiar New World cluster fly genus of the western United States.
 Scissurella georgica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Scissurellidae.
 Amplexidiscus fenestrafer also known as the elephant ear anemone is a species of sea anemone belonging to the phylum Cnidaria. It is the only species in the genus Amplexidiscus.
 Echinothrix calamaris known commonly as the banded sea urchin or double spined urchin among other vernacular names is a species of sea urchin in the family Diadematidae.
 Condica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Scyrotis athleta is a species of moth of the Cecidosidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Sineruga insolita is a fossil ostracod species which existed in what is now France during the Silurian period. It was described by Vincent Perrier in 2012 and is the only species in the genus Sineruga. It has been found at four sites in the Armorican massif of northwestern France.
 Serrimargo is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Serrimargo grouvellei Bouchard 1901 Serrimargo guttiger (Schaum 1860) Serrimargo pahangensis Kirschenhofer 2010 Serrimargo verrucifer (Chaudoir 1869) Serrimargo vietnamensis Kirschenhofer 2010↑
 Columbellidae common name the dove snails or dove shells are a family of minute to small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda.
 The emperor tetra (Nematobrycon palmeri) is found the streams and rivers of western Colombia including the Rio Atrata and the Rio San Juan. It was imported to the United States in 1960.
 Proceratophrys moehringi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Broad-banded Awl (Hasora hurama) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Australia (north-eastern coast of the Northern Territory the northern Gulf and the north-eastern coast of Queensland) Irian Jaya Maluku the Solomon Islands and Papua New Guinea.The wingspan is about 50 mm (2.0 in).The larvae feed on Derris trifoliata. They live in a shelter made by joining leaves with silk.
 Stegastes is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Pomacentridae. Members of this genus are marine coastal fishes except for S. otophorus which also occurs in brackish water. These fish are known by the names of damselfish gregory and major. They are small tropical fish associated with coral and rocky reefs in the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The Chapman’s Eggfly (Hypolimnas chapmani) is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary forests.Adults are probably mimics of Acraea umbra.
 Glomeris is largely European genus of pill millipedes. It contains over 100 species distributed across Europe but also extending into the Canary Islands Turkey and eleven species from North Africa.
 Pseudatemelia latipennella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Jäckh in 1959. It is found in France the Benelux Germany Denmark Austria Slovakia and the Czech Republic.The wingspan is 18-22.5 mm.
 Diduga albicosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Nilgiris) Sri Lanka and on Bali.
 The Least Sandpiper (Calidris minutilla) is the smallest shorebird.
 Deudorix ufipa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane areas.The larvae probably feed on the berries of Rutidea species.
 Aranobroter is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Telebasis is a genus of damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae. The genus occurs in the Neotropics. Most of the species are red with a few blue species in South America.This genus contains the following species:
 Ologamasidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 Marengo is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Most of the six described species are endemic to Sri Lanka with one species occurring in Thailand.
 Libelloides coccajus the 'Owly Sulphur' is a species belonging to the family Ascalaphidae subfamily Ascalaphinae.This rare insect is present in France Czech Republic Germany Italy Spain and Switzerland. The adults reach 25 millimetres (0.98 in) of length with a wingspan of 45–55 millimetres (1.8–2.2 in) and can be encountered from April through July in high grass areas.The body is black and quite hairy. They have large bulging eyes and long clubbed antennae.
 Carabus blaptoides is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Japan and Russia. The species are black coloured but could have either purple or green pronotum.
 Nerophis is a genus of pipefishes native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
 Thesprotia filum common name Grass Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in French Guiana Surinam and Trinidad.
 Immyrla nigrovittella is a species of snout moths in the genus Immyrla. It was described by Dyar in 1906 and is known from eastern North America including Alabama Illinois Maryland Michigan Mississippi Ohio Ontario Pennsylvania Quebec Tennessee and West Virginia.
 The White-faced Storm Petrel (Pelagodroma marina) also known as White-faced Petrel is a small seabird of the storm petrel family. It is the only member of the monotypic genus Pelagodroma.
 Girida rigida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from the Ryukyu Islands through tropical and subtropical south-east Asia to New Caledonia. Records for eastern Africa refer to Girida sporadica which was promoted to species rank in 2012.The wings are dark grey with a fine double white postmedial line on each wing.
 Dorycera tuberculosa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae.
 Philodromus blanckei is a spider species found in Corsica Sardinia and Italy.
 Odostomia columbiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Platystomopsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Turbonilla recticostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ectoedemia klimeschi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in eastern and south-eastern Europe where it is especially common in the Danube basin from western Germany to Romania. It has also been recorded from eastern Germany Poland Switzerland and northern Italy.The wingspan is 6-8.2 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Aurivillius is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The White-flippered Penguin (Eudyptula minor albosignata) is a small penguin about 30 cm (12 in) tall and weighing 1.5 kg (3.3 lb). It gains its name from the white markings on its flippers unique to the subspecies. It nests only on Banks Peninsula and Motunau Island near Christchurch New Zealand with only around 3750 breeding pairs.
 The Redspot (Zesius chrysomallus) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. The host plants of the larvae include Terminalia catappa and Smilax zeylanica.
 The Ensis macha or Navaja or Navajuela as it is called in Spanish is a bivalve mollusc of the family Pharidae. It inhabits the coasts of Peru Chile and southern Argentina. Ensis macha lives in sand or muddy sediments in the subtidal zone where it can burrow to a depth of up to 13 metres. Ensis macha is one of the world's economically most significant Ensis species with a total catch of 6000 tons in Chile in 1999.
 The helmeted water toad Chilean helmeted bull frog or wide-mouth toad (Calyptocephalella gayi syn. Caudiverba caudiverba) is the sole species of the genus Calyptocephalella in the family Calyptocephalellidae. The only other members of this family are Telmatobufo. The helmeted water toad is found in central Chile and possibly adjacent west-central Argentina. This very large toad weighs up to 0.5 kg (1.1 lb). It is aquatic and found in deep ponds and small reservoirs.
 Palaeophilotes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Iridopelma is a spider genus in the Theraphosidae familia native to Brazil.
 The megamouth shark (Megachasma pelagios) is an extremely rare species of deepwater shark and the smallest of the three plankton-eating sharks besides the whale shark and basking shark. Since its discovery in 1976 only a few megamouth sharks have been seen with 56 specimens known to have been caught or sighted as of 2012 including three recordings on film. Like the other two filter feeders it swims with its enormous mouth wide open filtering water for plankton and jellyfish.
 Scrobipalpa traganella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Chretien in 1915. It is found in France Spain and Portugal as well as on the Canary Islands and Malta. It was originally described from northern Africa.
 Schistura schultzi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The sea toads and coffinfishes are a family of deep-sea anglerfishes known as the Chaunacidae.These are bottom-dwelling fishes found on the continental slopes of the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans at depths to at least 2460 m (8070 ft). Of the two genera in the family Chaunacops typically occurs at deeper depths than Chaunax but with considerable overlap. They have large globose bodies and short compressed tails and are covered with small spiny scales.
 Melete salacia is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Mexico and on Hispaniola and Cuba. The habitat consists of mesic hardwood forests.The length of the forewings is 22–29 mm (0.87–1.14 in) for males and 23–26 mm (0.91–1.02 in) for females. Adults feed on flower nectar of a variety of flowers including Asclepias Palicourea barbinervia Cordia globosa Lantana ovatifolia Morinda citrifolia Tournefortia hirsutissima Ageratum conyzoides Coffea arabica and Croton barahonensis.
 Cuthona zelandica is a species of small sea slug or aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tergipedidae.
 Abantis rubra the Russet Paradise Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Piabucina is a genus of pencilfishes found in Central and South America. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Piabucina astrigata Regan 1903 Piabucina aureoguttata Fowler 1911 Piabucina boruca W. A. Bussing 1967 Piabucina elongata Boulenger 1887 Piabucina erythrinoides Valenciennes 1850 Piabucina festae Boulenger 1899 Piabucina panamensis T. N. Gill 1877 Piabucina pleurotaenia Regan 1903 Piabucina unitaeniata Günther 1864
 Melarhaphe is a monotypic genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The western horse lubber grasshopper Taeniopoda eques is a relatively large grasshopper species of the Romaleidae family found in the arid lower Sonoran life zone of the southwestern United States and Northern Mexico. Northern populations are identifiable by their shiny black bodies and black and yellow reticulated forewings. Some southern populations are yellow in the adult stage. The species is unique in using its black coloration to thermoregulate and in being chemically defended.
 Ithycythara psila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Pondicherry shark (Carcharhinus hemiodon) is an extremely rare possibly extinct species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae. A small and stocky gray shark it grows not much longer than 1 m (3.3 ft) and has a fairly long pointed snout. This species can be identified by the shape of its upper teeth which are strongly serrated near the base and smooth-edged near the tip and by its first dorsal fin which is large with a long free rear tip.
 Spatulosia malgassica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found on Madagascar.
 The Brazilian Tanager (Ramphocelus bresilius) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is endemic to Brazil occurring in the coastal region from Paraíba and southwards to Santa Catarina.
 Murex trapa common name the rare-spined murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc of the family Muricidae the rock snails.
 Clinus acuminatus the Sad klipfish is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Namibia to the west of Algoa Bay in South Africa where it can be found in tide pools as well as in the subtidal zone. This species can reach a maximum length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 The Chilean Skua (Stercorarius chilensis) is a large predatory seabird which breeds in Argentina and Chile but ranges as far north as Brazil and Peru when not breeding. A relatively distinctive skua it has a dark cap that contrasts with its cinnamon throat and lower face.
 Eleutherodactylus lanthanites is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Fulgoraria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Scardamia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Some species of this genus are:Scardamia aurantiacaria Bremer 1864Scardamia bractearia (Walker 1860) Scardamia chrysolina Meyrick 1892 (Australia)Scardamia iographa Prout 1932 (Borneo Malaysia)Scardamia ithyzona Turner 1919 (Australia)Scardamia maculata Warren 1897 ( Central & E.Africa Madagascar)Scardamia metallaria Guenée 1858 (India S.E.Asia Australia)Scardamia nubilicosta 	Prout L.
 Lamprogrammus is a genus of cusk-eels.
 Diceratobasis melanogaster is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is endemic to the Dominican Republic. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Melithaea ochracea is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Melithaeidae commonly known as knotted fan coral. It grows in tree-like fans on coral reefs in the South China Sea. It is used in the jewellery industry under the name red spongy coral.
 Orthogonius longiphallus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2005.
 Satrapodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Neritina glabrata is a species of brackish water snail a gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Nyctemera palawanica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Palawan).
 Diadegma consumtor is a wasp first described by Johann Ludwig Christian Gravenhorst in 1829.No subspecies are listed.
 Anarsia isogona is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Japan (Honshu Kyushu) China (Zhejiang Yunnan) Taiwan and southern India.The larvae feed on Schima species.
 Amorbia rectangularis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from southern Brazil to Guatemala where it is found at altitudes between 50 and 1670 meters.The length of the forewings is 6.5–8 mm for males and 9.5–12 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellow with brownish marks in the median and postmedian area near the costa. The hindwings have a dark apical area bordering a translucent patch. There seem to be multiple generations per year.
 Colymbetes is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic including Europe the Nearctic the Near East and North Africa.It contains the following species: Colymbetes aemulus Heer 1862 Colymbetes dahuricus Aubé 1837 Colymbetes densus LeConte 1859 Colymbetes dolabratus (Paykull 1798) Colymbetes exaratus LeConte 1862 Colymbetes fuscus (Linnaeus 1758) Colymbetes incognitus Zimmerman 1981 Colymbetes koenigi Zaitzev 1927 Colymbetes magnus Feng 1936 Colymbetes mesepotamicus Abdul-Karim & Ali 1986 Colymbetes minimus Zaitzev 1908 Colymbetes miocaenicus Riha 1974 Colymbetes paykulli Erichson 1837 Colymbetes piceus Klug 1834 Colymbetes pseudostriatus Nilsson 2002 Colymbetes schildknechti Dettner 1983 Colymbetes sculptilis Harris 1829 Colymbetes semenowi (Jakovlev 1896) Colymbetes striatus (Linnaeus 1758) Colymbetes strigatus LeConte 1852 Colymbetes substrigatus Sharp 1882 Colymbetes tschitscherini (Jakovlev 1896) Colymbetes vagans Sharp 1882↑
 Austrodinychus is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
 Haasiasaurus is an extinct genus of mosasaur originally named Haasia by M. J. Polcyn et al. in honour of the palaeontologist Georg Haas. (The original name was a junior homonym of Haasia Bollman 1893 a genus of millipedes.) The genus contains the species Haasiasaurus gittelmani which was found in Cenomanian (Upper Cretaceous) rocks near Ein Yabrud in the Palestinian West Bank approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Jerusalem.
 Ceratoxanthis argentomixtana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Russia (Sarepta) northern Syria (Marash) and Turkey.The wingspan is about 23 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in June.
 Teretia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Rufous Treecreeper (Climacteris rufus) is a species of bird in the Climacteridae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Heterotanytarsus is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 Sagra is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae commonly referred to as frog-legged beetles or kangaroo beetles.
 The Orinoco crocodile (Crocodylus intermedius) is a critically endangered crocodile. Its population is very small and it can only be found in freshwater environments in Colombia and Venezuela in particular the Orinoco River and its tributaries. Extensively hunted for their skins in the 19th and 20th centuries this species is one of the most critically endangered species of crocodiles. It is a very large species in fact the largest species of crocodilian and predator in the Americas.
 Bryn Mawr (foaled in 1901) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1904 Preakness Stakes. Owned and bred by Goughacres Stable he was sired by Atheling. Bryn Mawr was out of the mare Maggie Weir a daughter of The Bard.
 Haematopinus oliveri known commonly as the pygmy hog-sucking louse is a species of insect in the suborder Anoplura the sucking lice. It is endemic to India.
 The Red-tailed Shrike (Lanius phoenicuroides) is a member of the shrike family (Laniidae). It was formerly considered conspecific with the Isabelline Shrike and the Red-backed Shrike. The Red-tailed Shrike breeds in south Siberia and central Asia. This migratory medium-sized passerine eats large insects small birds rodents and lizards. Like other shrikes it hunts from prominent perches and impales corpses on thorns or barbed wire as a larder.
 Abrotrichini also known as the Andean clade or southern Andean clade is a tribe of rodents in the subfamily Sigmodontinae. It includes about fifteen species in five genera distributed in South America from southern Peru to southernmost South America including the Patagonian steppes. The earliest known fossils are from the Pliocene of Argentina.
 Polyortha is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 The Amazonian red-sided opossum Monodelphis glirina is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae formerly viewed as part of M. brevicaudata. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru where it inhabits the Amazon rainforest. It is omnivorous nocturnal and primarily nonarboreal.
 The Sooty-winged chalcoela (Chalcoela iphitalis) is a member of the Crambidae family that occurs throughout North America. They are seen as far south as California and South Carolina and as north as Ontario. Adults can been seen from May to August. The head body and front portion of the forewings are yellow-orange while the hindwing and back portion forewings are grey and silver.
 Zegara zagraea is a moth of the Castniidae family. It is found in Central and northern South America.The larvae possibly feed on Aechmea magdalenae.
 Apicalia is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 The Northern Luzon Giant Cloud Rat (Phloeomys pallidus) is a large species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is only found in the northern and central part of Luzon the Philippines. It prefers forest and scrub but also occurs in degraded habitats such as plantations. It occurs from sea level to an altitude of about 2200 metres (7200 ft).
 Cosmosoma evadnes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stoll in 1781. It is found in Surinam.
 Dissacus is an extinct carnivorous jackal to coyote-sized mammal of the family Mesonychidae endemic to Asia and North America during the Paleocene through Eocene epochs 66—50.3 mya existing for approximately 15.7 million years.The bear-sized Ankalagon is closely related to Dissacus being regarded as a sister or daughter genus.Dissacus had a Holarctic distribution but Dissacus europaeus was the only mesonychid in present-day Europe.
 Scrobipalpa clintoni the Atlantic Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from north-western Europe to Latvia Belarus European Russia and Ukraine. The habitat consists of shingle beaches and sandy beaches.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and again from July to August.The larvae feed on Rumex crispus. They feed within the stem of their host plant. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 Acyphas semiochrea is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found along most of the coast of Australia including: New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adult females are white and have an orange tuft on the tail. Males are also white but sometimes have a dark mark at the tornus of each forewing or a broad dark band along the margin of each forewing. The hairs around the thorax are sometimes yellowish.
 Praslin's caecilian Praslinia cooperi is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae. It is monotypic in the genus Praslinia. It is found on Mahé and Silhouette Islands in the Seychelles. An old reported sighting on its namesake Praslin is not known to be correct.
 Common names: Sakhalin Island adder Sakhalin adder.Vipera berus sachalinensis is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Asia.
 Ericeia pertendens is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics to the Solomon Islands.The wingspan is 37–45 mm. The ground colour of the forewing is ashy greyThe larvae feed on Berchemia and possibly Cassia species. Young larvae are whitish but later instars become blackish. Full-grown larvae rest along sticks or twigs. Pupation takes place in a slight cocoon of silk amongst litter on the ground.
 The Pale Stigma (Mesogona acetosellae) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in central and southern Europe Turkey the Caucasus Armenia Kazakhstan and from western Siberia to the Altai.The wingspan is 40–44 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Prunus spinosa Quercus Crataegus and Populus species.
 Crobylophora metallifera is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to South Africa.
 Sphenops is a genus of skinks found in the Sahara region of Africa.
 Isometrus thurstoni is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Catharylla tenellus is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil (Bahia Minas Gerais Paraná Rio de Janeiro Saõ Paulo).The length of the forewings is 10.5–12 mm for males and 12–16 mm for females. The forewings are snow white with an ochreous costal line. The median and subterminal transverse lines are ochreous and the outer margin is ochreous with seven dark brown spots.
 The California Gull (Larus californicus) is a medium-sized gull smaller on average than the Herring Gull but larger on average than the Ring-billed Gull though may overlap in size greatly with both.Adults are similar in appearance to the Herring Gull but have a smaller yellow bill with a black ring yellow legs brown eyes and a more rounded head. The body is mainly white with grey back and upper wings. They have black primaries with white tips.
 Furcodontichthys novaesi is the only species of the monotypic genus Furcodontichthys a genus of armored catfish.This species is endemic to Brazil where it is known from the middle Amazon at Lake Tefé and from the upper Juruá River drainage in the Solimões River basin. F. novaesi inhabits sandy substrates.F. novaesi reaches a length of 10.2 centimetres (4.0 in) SL.
 Eupithecia hilaris is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Amaryllididae is a family of marine benthic amphipods found throughout the southern hemisphere. These smooth laterally compressed amphipods can be distinguished by the accessory setal row of the mandible having a distal tuft. It contains the following genera:Amaryllis Haswell 1879Bamarooka Lowry & Stoddart 2002Bathyamaryllis Pirlot 1933BertoliellaDevo Lowry & Stoddart 2002Erikus Lowry & Stoddart 1987Pseudamaryllis Andres 1981Vijaya Walker 1904Wonga Lowry & Stoddart 2002↑ ↑ ↑
 Stenalia atra is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1875.
 Archigalleria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Rebel in 1901 and contains the species A. proavitella. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is about 36 mm.
 Canucha duplexa is a species of moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in India and Myanmar.
 Bosara subrobusta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and Hong Kong.
 Macrognathus is a genus of eel-like fish of the family Mastacembelidae of the order Synbranchiformes.These fish are distributed throughout most of India and Southeast Asia. Macrognathus species feed on small aquatic insect larvae as well as oligochaetes.
 Power is a British-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the Coventry Stakes and the National Stakes as a two-year-old in 2011. In May 2012 he won the Irish 2000 Guineas.
 The Panamint chipmunk (Tamias panamintinus) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae. It is endemic to desert mountain areas of southeast California and southwest Nevada in the United States.
 Terebra succinea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Xylocrius cribratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Wallum Froglet (Crinia tinnula) is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to the east coast of Australia from southeast Queensland to Kurnell NSW. It is strongly associated with Wallum swampland.
 Camerunia albida is a moth of the Eupterotidae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Corybantes pylades is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Surinam Brazil (Amazonas) and French Guiana.The wingspan is 160-180 mm. Adults have been recorded in October March and December.
 Ambulyx auripennis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Moore in 1879 and is known from Sri Lanka.It is similar to Ambulyx substrigilis but the underside of the body is deeper yellow and the markings on the wing are less conspicuous.
 Glyptorhagada janaslini is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Gray's leaf insect Phyllium bioculatum is a leaf insect (Phylliidae) native to west Malaysia. It was first described by George Robert Gray in 1832 which was his first phasmid he discovered. Leaf insects have extremely flattened irregularly shaped bodies wings and legs. They are usually about 2–4 inches long (5–10 cm) long. They are called leaf insects because their large leathery forewings have veins that look similar to the veins on the particular type of leaves they inhabit.
 Swainson's thrush (Catharus ustulatus) also called olive-backed thrush is a medium-sized thrush. It is a member of Catharus genus and is typical of it in terms of its subdued coloration and beautiful voice.
 Hippotion saclavorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.The length of the forewings is about 23 mm. This is a small brown species which is similar to Hippotion balsaminae but with shorter and more rounded forewings. The abdomen upperside has dorsal and subdorsal longitudinal lines which are only very weakly indicated.
 Paracles cajetani is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Uruguay.
 Remiz is a genus of birds in the Remizidae family commonly known as the Eurasian pendulines (in contrast to the African pendulines). Like other penduline tits they are named for their elegant pendulous nests.
 Heterotoma planicornis is a species of bug from Miridae family.
 Haplochromis vittatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu in East Africa. This species reaches a length of 19.1 centimetres (7.5 in) SL.
 Mordellistena emarginata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1939 by Ray.
 The Logrunners are two species of birds in the family Orthonychidae. They were previously considered conspecific but as they differ significantly they are now generally considered separate species. The family Orthonychidae also contains a third species the Chowchilla (Orthonyx spaldingii).
 Pentila christina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ituri and North Kivu).
 Euchaetes rizoma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Brazil.
 Stigmella basiguttella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe except Ireland and Iceland. It is also found in south-west Asia up to northern Iran. It has recently been recorded from Azerbaijan Georgia and Tunisia.The wingspan is 4.5–6 millimetres (0.18–0.24 in).
 The Tufted Tit-Spinetail (Leptasthenura platensis) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Amphiesma pealii commonly known as the Assam keelback is a species of natricine snake endemic to India.
 Hemerophila orinympha is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1926. It is found in Peru.
 The Mariana Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus roseicapilla) also known locally as Mwee’mwe in the Carolinian language Totot on Guam or Paluman Totut in Northern Mariana Islands is a small up to 24 cm long green fruit dove native and endemic to Guam and the Northern Marianas Islands in the Pacific. It has a red forehead greyish head back and breast and yellow belly patch and undertail coverts.The female lays a single white egg. The chick and egg are tended to by both parents.
 Lophoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aristosyrphus is a genus of Neotropical hoverflies.
 Cosmosoma zurcheri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1894. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Bar-breasted Honeyeater (Ramsayornis fasciatus) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Wiseana umbraculatus is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae. It was described by Guenée in 1868 and is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 38–50 mm for males and 49–66 mm for females. The colour of the varies but is usually fawn pinkish fawn or infuscate. The hindwings are pinkish-fawn to yellow-fawn. Adults are on wing from September to April.Food plants for the larvae include species of grass.
 Chloristola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Elmenteita agama (Agama caudospinosa) is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family. The species is endemic to Kenya with the type locality being Lake Elmenteita hence the common name.
 The ayu (アユ 鮎 年魚 香魚) or sweetfish Plecoglossus altivelis is an amphidromous fish the only species in the genus Plecoglossus and family Plecoglossidae. It is a relative of the smelts and is placed in the order Osmeriformes. Native to the Palearctic ecozone it occurs in rivers lakes and coastal waters of western Hokkaidō in Japan southward to the Korean Peninsula China Taiwan and Hong Kong.The name sweetfish is due to the sweetness of its flesh.
 The brown-banded carder bee (Bombus humilis) is a bumblebee found in most of Europe west of Russia with the exception of Ireland and Iceland. It is also found in Turkey on the Tibetan plateau and in northern China.In Britain it is limited to the coast and chalkland areas of southern England.
 Scoparia molifera is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1926. It is found in New Zealand.
 Ecrobia maritima is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Afrotheora argentimaculata is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Elysia subornata is a species of small sea slug a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae. This sea slug resembles a nudibranch but it is not closely related to that order of gastropods instead it is a sacoglossan.
 Eumesosoma is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Rhopalodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Caloptilia kisoensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū) Korea and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 11-13.8 mm.The larvae feed on Acer ginnala and Acer mono. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Also known as skin-toe forest gecko Cyrtodactylus interdigitalis is a species of gecko found in Phetchaburi Phetchabun and Loei provinces of Thailand.
 Miomantis vitrea is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Spirostreptida is an order of long cylindrical millipedes. There are approximately 1000 described species making Spirostrepida the second largest order of millipedes after Polydesmida.
 The link rat (Deomys ferrugineus) is 12-14.5 cm long with a 15-21 cm long tail. It weighs 40-70 g. It has long legs and a pointed narrow head surmounted by enormous ears. It was a very long bicoloured tail. The back and forehead are rich orange and brown and the underside is white. The rump hairs are stiff. The link rat is nocturnal and crepuscular. It prefers seasonally flooded forest floors between Cameroon and the Victoria Nile. This equatorial species ranges north of the Zaire River.
 Lachesilla dimorpha is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Cyprus Greece Italy and Spain. It can also be found in Near East and North Africa.
 Echinorhinus is a genus of squaliform sharks the only extant genus in the family Echinorhinidae. The name is from Greek echinos meaning spiny and rhinos meaning nose. Both species are uncommon little-known sharks. They are found worldwide in cold temperate to tropical seas down to 900 m (3000 ft) depth.This genus includes two extant species characterized by a short nose rough spiny dermal denticles no anal fin and two small spineless dorsal fins.
 Synochoneura is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Cincorunia uncicornia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province and Zamora-Chinchipe Province).
 Caribeginella is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Tortyra orphnophanes is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Acalyptris obliquella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1980. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Natal).The larvae feed on Bridelia micrantha.
 Pyrazus eriensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae.
 Standfussiana sturanyi is a species of owlet moth in the genus Standfussiana. It was described by Hans Rebel in 1906.
 The Kivu shrew (Crocidura kivuana) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Apistoloricaria listrorhinos is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Metica River basin. This species grows to a length of 13.6 centimetres (5.4 in) SL.
 Mountelgonia arcifera is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in southern Kenya and north-central Tanzania. The habitat consists of open grasslands with shrubs and/or trees at medium to high elevations.The wingspan is about 24 mm for males and 26.5 mm for females. The forewings are ivory yellow the costal margin warm buff. The hindwings are glossy ivory yellow with slightly darker veins.
 The Oriental Pied Hornbill (Anthracoceros albirostris) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.It is found in the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia ranging across Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Singapore Thailand Tibet and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. The Oriental Pied Hornbill's diet includes wild fruit (esp.
 Silvaspica is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Bytharia.
 Caveana diemseoki is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Thailand.
 Inape penai is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Bolivia. The habitat consists of tropical cloud forests.
 Coptodon thysi is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 Dubianaclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The thin eels genus Myroconger is the only genus in the family Myrocongridae. Very little is known about the group.Until recently only a single specimen from this family was known. This individual had been caught off St Helena in 1868. In the 1990s and 2000s deep-sea submersibles identified several more individuals including four further species. The first known species M. compressus was bright red in colour but not all other species share this trait.
 Pseudocepola taeniosoma is a species of bandfish only known from the Pacific waters off of Japan. This species grows to a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Pachyodes pratti is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of hill dipterocarp forests and lower montane forests.
 Telecrates laetiorella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia and Victoria.
 Chorodna creataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan Nepal and India.
 Aquarelliste (foaled January 23 1998) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by Daniel Wildenstein she was sired by Danehill a Leading sire in Australia as well as in France and Great Britain & Ireland. She was out of the mare Agathe a daughter of Manila the 1986 Breeders' Cup Turf winner voted 1986 U.S.
 Ethmia melanocrates is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Phyllonorycter graecus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Peloponnisos in Greece.There are at least two but possibly multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on Quercus macrolepis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a large strongly contracted lower-surface tentiform mine. Pupation takes place in de mine in a flimsy cocoon.
 Pseudotryphia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rutilus prespensis is a type roach a freshwater fish of the Cyprinidae family. This fish is described as an independent species from a single lake in the Balkans Lake Prespa which extends to Albania Greece and Macedonia. It occurs near shores and in shallow swampy areas of the lake and grows up to 17 cm length.
 Andropolia theodori is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern parts of North America from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is 43–55 mm.The larvae feed on Ceanothus velutinus and Holodiscus discolor.
 Phellinocis is a genus of beetles in the family Ciidae containing the following species: Phellinocis erwini Lopes-Andrade & Lawrence 2005 Phellinocis romualdoi Lopes-Andrade & Lawrence 2005 Phellinocis thayeri Lopes-Andrade & Lawrence 2005↑
 Arthropleura (Greek for Jointed Ribs) is a genus of extinct 0.3–2.6 metre (1–8.5 feet) long arthropods related to modern day centipedes and millipedes native to the upper Carboniferous (340 to 280 million years ago) of what is now northeastern North America and Scotland. The larger species of the genera are the largest known land invertebrates of all time and would have had few if any predators.
 Megacephala is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species:
 Pediasia subflavellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Corsica.
 The Macropodiformes are one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia. Kangaroos wallabies and allies bettongs potaroos and rat kangaroos are all members of this suborder.
 Turbonilla modesta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ophichthus congroides is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 2010.
 The Tucuman Pygmy-owl (Glaucidium tucumanum) is a small South American owl.It is 16 to 17.5 cm (6.3–7 in.) long and weighs 55 to 60 grams (1.9-2.1 oz.) Its range is the Gran Chaco region of Bolivia Paraguay and Argentina south to Tucumán province and the northern part of Córdoba province.
 Ansorgia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The plant genus Crossophora is a synonym of Chrozophora. The grass moth genus Crossophora invalidly described by H.B. Möschler in 1890 refers to Microthyris.Crossophora is a genus of gelechioid moths from eastern Australia. It belongs to the family Oecophoridae and therein to subfamily Oecophorinae. As regards described species it is presently monotypic. But at least one undescribed species is known to exist: Crossophora semiota Meyrick 1886 Crossophora sp.
 Batrachedra meator is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found on St. Lucia.
 Andraca flavamaculata is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang Hunan Guangdong Guangxi) and Vietnam.The wingspan is 40–44 mm. Adults have a stout body. The forewing apex is falcate the outer edge is smooth and straight and the tornus is almost rectangular.
 Cladistia is a clade of bony fishes that currently consists of few anguilliform (eel-shaped) remnants of an ancient diversity. Their major synapomorphies are a dorsal fin with independent rays and a posteriorly elongated parasphenoid.Cladistia is the sister group of Actinopteri.
 Lophopleura is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1891.
 Caledon Copper (Aloeides caledoni) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it has a wide range but is very rare and localised in the West Cape.The wingspan is 35–39 millimetres (1.4–1.5 in) for males and 38–45 mm (1.5–1.8 in) females. Adults are on wing from August to November. There is one generation per year.
 Vexillum gruneri is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Anatinae are a subfamily of the family Anatidae (swans geese and ducks). Its surviving members are the dabbling ducks which feed mainly at the surface rather than by diving. The other members of the Anatinae are the extinct moa-nalo a young but highly apomorphic lineage derived from the dabbling ducks.There has been much debate about the dabbling ducks' systematical status and which ducks belong to the Anatinae.
 Bucculatrix montana is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Ontario Nova Scotia Indiana Maryland Virginia Ohio Michigan Maine New York New Jersey Massachusetts and Georgia.The wingspan is 10.5-13 mm. The forewings are white marked with ocherous more or less fuscous dusted or sometimes with dark fuscous. The hindwings are pale fuscous. Adults are on wing from June to August.
 Abacidus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Abacidus atratus (Newman 1838) Abacidus fallax (Dejean 1828) Abacidus hamiltoni (G.horn 1880) Abacidus permundus (Say 1830) Abacidus sculptus (Leconte 1852)↑
 Sinocyclocheilus rhinocerous is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Phymorhynchus castaneus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.Phymorhynchus castaneus is the type species of the genus Phymorhynchus.
 Calophasia opalina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Europe to Central Asia.The wingspan is 26–31 mm. Adults are on wing from April to June and again from July September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on the leaves and flowers Antirrhinum Delphinium and Linaria species. The pupae of the second generation overwinter.
 Oxyptilus orichalcias is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Malawi.
 The Maple Leafblotch Miner (Cameraria aceriella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Quebec and the United States (including Connecticut Illinois Kentucky Pennsylvania Wisconsin Maine Maryland Michigan New York Vermont).The wingspan is 8–9 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to June.The larvae feed on Acer species including Acer rubrum and Acer saccharinum. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Acaulospora is a genus of fungi in the family Acaulosporaceae. Species in this genus are widespread in distribution and form arbuscular mycorrhiza and vesicles in roots.
 Trichopterigia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Teretiopsis thaumastopsis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Lachnopodus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Lachnopodus bidentatus (A. Milne-Edwards 1867) Lachnopodus gibsonhilli (Tweedie 1950) Lachnopodus ponapensis (Rathbun 1907) Lachnopodus rodgersi Stimpson 1858 Lachnopodus subacutus (Stimpson 1858) Lachnopodus tahitensis De Man 1889↑
 The long-tailed musk shrew (Crocidura dolichura) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Nigeria and Uganda.
 Heminautilus is an extinct nautiloid genus from the nautilacean family Cymatoceratidae that lived during the early Cretaceous (Kummel 1964). Nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species.Heminautilus has a discoidal compressed involute shell with flanks converging on a narrow flattened outer margin the venter. Whorls are higher than wide.
 Phyllonorycter spinicolella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is probably present in all of Europe.The wingspan is 6–8 mm. Adults are on wing in May and again in August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Prunus cerasifera Prunus domestica Prunus padus and Prunus spinosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface strongly inflated tentifom mine between to side veins. The lower epidermis is folded.
 Agaraea boettgeri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Tabanus miki also known as the plain-eyed brown horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.
 Gio Ponti (foaled Feb 28 2005 in Kentucky) is a United States race horse and a specialist on the turf course. He was sired by Tale of the Cat a son of Storm Cat out of the stakes-placed Alydar mare Chipeta Springs making him half-brother to stakes-winner Fisher Pond. Gio Ponti is owned by Castleton Lyons trained by Christophe Clement
 Alveoplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Paracincia dognini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Field in 1950. It is found on Jamaica.
 Splendrillia spadicina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Gnatheulia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Atolla is a genus of crown jellyfish which was proposed by Ernst Haeckel in 1880 and elevated to the family level by Henry Bigelow in 1913. The six known species inhabit mesopelagic zone. The medusae possess multiple (more than 16) lobes called lappets at the bell margin. The number of tentacles and rhopalia is twice as less as the number of lappets.
 Mabuya sloanii is a species of skink native to the Caribbean where it is found in the Greater Antilles and in the northernmost Lesser Antilles.
 Papustyla is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 Rhobonda gaurisana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found from Brazil to Costa Rica.Adults are sexually dimorphic differing in coloration of the hindwing.
 Vitrea crystallina is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
 Weyrauchia marinezae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Galileo in 2008.
 Coleophora purifica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Eudonia frigida is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Lanai and Maui.
 Siratus vokesorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Chrysophana is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Chrysophana conicola Van Dyke 1937 Chrysophana holzschuhi Bily 1984 Chrysophana placida (LeConte 1854)↑
 Quebecius is an extinct genus of porolepiform sarcopterygian fish which lived during the Late Devonian period of Quebec Canada.
 The firemouth cichlid (Thorichthys meeki) is a species of cichlid fish native to Central America. They occur in rivers of the Yucatán Peninsula Mexico south through Belize and into northern Guatemala. Their natural habitat is typically shallow slow-moving often turbid water with a pH of 6.5 - 8.0. It has also been reported to live in underground cave systems. As fish with a tropical distribution firemouth cichlids live in warm water with a temperature range of 23–30 °C (75–86 °F).
 Stigmella maya is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found on the Yucatán Peninsula.This species is among the smallest Lepidoptera in the world.The larvae feed on Karwinskia hum-boldtiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Dolichodorus heterocephalus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Acanthocinus nodosus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fabricius in 1775.
 Cteniopus sulphureus is a species of comb-clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae.These beetles are mainly present in Denmark Finland Slovenia Italy and Sweden.The adults grow up to 7–8 millimetres (0.28–0.31 in) long. Elytra are pale yellow while head and pronotum are orange-yellow. The shape of the head is extended forward.
 Sphaerium ovale is a freshwater bivalve of the family Sphaeriidae.
 Chalcopoecila ornata is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae.
 Echineulima thaanumi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Craspedoma is a genus of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.
 Araripedactylus was a large genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur known from a single wing bone found in the Early Cretaceous-age Santana Formation of Brazil.The genus was in 1977 named by Peter Wellnhofer who unaware that the name Araripesaurus had been published by Price in 1971 presumed he was naming the first pterosaur genus from Brazil. The genus name refers to the Araripe Plateau and combines this with daktylos Greek for finger a common element in pterosaur names since Pterodactylus.
 Zale is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Araripe Manakin (Antilophia bokermanni) is a critically endangered bird from the family of Manakins (Pipridae). It was discovered in 1996 and scientifically described in 1998. The species epithet commemorates Brazilian zoologist and wildlife filmmaker Werner Bokermann who died in 1995. Because of its helmet-like crown it has received the Portuguese name soldadinho-do-araripe which means Little soldier of Araripe.
 Dichagyris melanura is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-eastern Europe to Turkey the Caucasus region north Iran Israel Syria and Jordan.Adults are on wing from May to July. There is one generation per year.
 Digrammia irrorata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the western United States and south-western Canada (from Oklahoma to California north to British Columbia and Alberta).The wingspan is 23–26 mm. Adults are on wing from March to June in the northern part of the range. There are several generations in the south.The larval foodplant is unknown.
 According to Britannica Online Amphitherium is an extinct genus of early mammals known as fossils from Middle Jurassic deposits (of 176 million to 161 million years ago). Amphitherium is the earliest representative of the pantotheres a group of early mammals that it is believed represents the stock that gave rise to all the higher mammals of later times.
 Eulima manzoniana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Kurtziella powelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Carposina dispar is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Sparganothoides canorisana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tamaulipas San Luis Potosí and Veracruz) and Guatemala. The length of the forewings is 8.8–9.8 mm for males and about 10.2 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish brown to brown with a slight orange tinge and with a heavy scattering of brown scales and spots. The hindwings are grey. Adults have been recorded on wing in June July August and December.
 Dexiomimops is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Milacidae is a family of air-breathing keeled land slugs. These are shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Parmacelloidea.This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Helcogramma solorensis known commonly as the Solor triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Fricke in 1997.
 The Drakensberg Rockjumper or Orange-breasted Rockjumper (Chaetops aurantius) is a medium-sized insectivorous passerine bird endemic to the alpine grasslands and rock outcrops of the Drakensberg Mountains of southeastern South Africa. It is sometimes included with the allopatric Cape Rockjumper in C.
 Humblot's Heron (Ardea humbloti) also known as the Madagascar Heron is a species of heron. In Madagascar it is uncommon to the north and west coasts as well as Lake Alaotra but also inhabits the Comoro Islands and Mayotte. Humblot's Heron is an endangered species with a population estimated at only 1500 mature individuals. Its population is apparently declining.
 Barbus somereni is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Burundi Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 The Guanujo stubfoot toad (Atelopus guanujo) known in Spanish as Puca Sapo is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The yellow-footed antechinus (Antechinus flavipes) also known as the mardo is a shrew-like marsupial found in Australia. One notable feature of the species is its sexual behavior. The male yellow-footed antechinus engages in such frenzied mating that its immune system becomes compromised resulting in stress related death before it is one year old.
 Actenochroma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It consists of only one species Actenochroma muscicoloraria which is found in Brunei China India Indonesia (Kalimantan Sumatra) western Malaysia and Nepal.Adults are fairly uniformly palish green with wavy antemedial and dentate postmedial lines which are darker green each forming a dark green spot on the costa of the forewing.
 The harvest mouse Micromys minutus is a small rodent native to Europe and Asia. It is typically found in fields of cereal crops such as wheat and oats in reed beds and in other tall ground vegetation such as long grass and hedgerows. It has reddish-brown fur with white underparts and a naked highly prehensile tail which it uses for climbing. It is the smallest European rodent; an adult may weigh as little as 4 grams (0.14 oz). It eats chiefly seeds and insects but also nectar and fruit.
 Fluvidona is a genus of minute freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the Hydrobiidae family. Fluvidona species are endemic to northern New South Wales and southern Queensland Australia.
 Caristanius tripartitus is a species of snout moth in the genus Caristanius. It was described by Neunzig in 1996 and is known from the Dominican Republic.The length of the forewings is 10-11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brown to brown while the hindwings are pale fuscous.
 Belgaumia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Belgaumia capucinea (Kerremans 1893) Belgaumia horni Thery 1941 Belgaumia sarrauti (Bourgoin 1922)↑
 Agathia largita is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo and Sumatra.The wingspan is 17-18 mm.
 Mangelia scabrida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Euzophera aglaeella is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Arizona.
 The southern forest bat (Vespadelus regulus) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. It is found only in Australia. It is endemic to the southern parts of Australia and is found roosting in tree hollows and sometimes in buildings. It is found in wet to dry sclerophyll forests and low shrub woodlands. It has a reddish brown uppermost colouration whilst its underbody is a grey colour. It has a very short snout large ears a flat skull and a triangle shaped head.
 Siphopteron is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod molluscs in the family Gastropteridae.
 Polypoetes villiopsis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Flood Plain Toadlet (Uperoleia inundata) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Iniopterygiformes (Nape Wing Forms) is an extinct order of chimaera-like cartilaginous fish that lived from the Devonian to Carboniferous periods (345–280 million years ago). Fossils of them have been found in Montana Indiana Illinois and Nebraska. The Iniopterygians are characterized by large pectoral fins wing-like projections on their backs mounted high on the body and denticulated bony plates on the head and jaws.
 Enicocephalomorpha is an infraorder of the order Hemiptera (true bugs). The infraorder was formerly thought to be related to the Reduviidae because of similarities in head structure. Entomologists now believe it is different enough from other Hemiptera to constitute a separate suborder and probably represents the sister group of the rest of the order.
 Pseudohemihyalea nimbipicta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Mexico.
 The Protea Emperor or Protea Charaxes (Charaxes pelias) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae found in South Africa.The wingspan is 60–70 mm in males and 65–75 mm in females. It has successive broods from September to April.The larvae feed on Hypocalyptus obcordatus Osyris compressa Osyris lanceolata and Rafnia species.
 Notonykia is a genus of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. The type species is Notonykia africanae.
 The Secretarybird or Secretary Bird (Sagittarius serpentarius) is a very large mostly terrestrial bird of prey. Endemic to Africa it is usually found in the open grasslands and savannah of the sub-Saharan region. Although a member of the order Accipitriformes which also includes many other diurnal raptors such as kites buzzards vultures and harriers it is given its own family Sagittariidae.It appears on the coats of arms of Sudan and South Africa.
 Pseudeuchromia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Farma Way (April 2 1987 – November 18 1999) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire foaled in Kentucky. As a four-year-old in 1991 he was one of the leading racehorses in North America winning the Santa Anita Handicap Pimlico Special San Antonio Handicap San Pasqual Handicap and San Carlos Handicap.
 Sea devils are the family of deep-sea anglerfish known as the Ceratiidae from the Greek keras horn referring to the bioluminescent lure that projects from the fishes' forehead.They are among the most widespread of the anglerfishes found in all oceans from the tropics to the Antarctic. They are large and elongated: females of the largest species Krøyer's deep sea angler fish Ceratias holboelli reach 1.2 m (3.9 ft) in length.
 Prooedema is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Lyclene ashleigera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland dipterocarp forests.The length of the forewings is 7-8 mm.
 Guriauna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cupressocrinitidae is an extinct family of crinoid from the Middle to Late Devonian. Cupressocrinites is a representative of this family.
 Ameroseiidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 Epidirona candida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The stream catfishes comprise the family Akysidae of catfishes.
 The black pond turtle (Geoclemys hamiltonii) also known as the spotted pond turtle is a species of turtle found in South Asia. It is also known as the Indian spotted turtle. It belongs to the monotypic genus Geoclemys.
 The Gonorynchiformes are an order of ray-finned fish that includes the important food source the milkfish (Chanos chanos family Chanidae) and a number of lesser-known types both marine and freshwater.The alternate spelling Gonorhynchiformes with an h is frequently seen but not official.Gonorynchiformes have small mouths and no teeth. They are the sole group in the clade Anotophysi a subgroup of the superorder Ostariophysi.
 Bathyporeia elegans is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus Bathyporeia. It is unpigmented and grows up to 6 millimetres (0.24 in) long.
 Tetrarhanis ilma is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Gortyna is a moth genus in the family Noctuidae.
 The Broad-billed Sandpiper (Limicola falcinellus) is a small wading bird. It is the only member of the genus Limicola; some have proposed that it should be placed in the genus Erolia with the stint sandpipers[citation needed] but more recent research (Thomas et al. 2004) suggests that it should rather go into the genus Philomachus with the ruff and possibly the Sharp-tailed Sandpiper; it certainly is a fairly unusual calidrid.
 The New Zealand Coot (Fulica prisca) is an extinct bird in the rail family Rallidae that was endemic to New Zealand. It was described in 1893 by New Zealand naturalist ethnologist and museum director Augustus Hamilton from material he had collected the previous year at Castle Rocks on the Oreti River in Southland. The specific epithet comes from the Latin priscus (old) referring to its subfossil occurrence.
 Crab spider is a common name applied loosely to many species of spiders but most nearly consistently to members of the family Thomisidae. Among the Thomisidae it refers most often to the familiar species of flower crab spiders though not all members of the family are limited to ambush hunting in flowers.
 The mottled eagle ray (Aetomylaeus maculatus) is a species of fish in the Myliobatidae family.
 Xenotrophon euschema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 An Australian Spider found in the upper north island since the early 1970s. Now common down to wanganui. Seen in Spring. The best place to find them is in citrus trees.Poecilopachys is an orb weaver genus from the Australasian region.
 Estiella is a monotypic South African genus of potter wasps.
 Vexillum laterculatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Osthelderiella is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Obscure Underwing (Catocala obscura) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. In Canada it is found in southern Quebec (where it is rare) and Ontario and in the United States it is found from Massachusetts and Connecticut south to North Carolina west to Mississippi and north to Iowa Illinois Ohio and Michigan.The wingspan is 60–72 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Carya glabra Carya illinoinensis Carya ovata and Juglans nigra.
 The Fulvous Ranger or Harlequin Skipper (Kedestes mohozutza) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from South Africa to Kenya Zaire and Uganda.The wingspan is 27–31 mm for males and 33-42 for females. Adults are on wing from November to March (with a peak from November to December). There is one generation per year.
 Padenodes unifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Calliotropis lamellifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 The Eurasian Magpie European Magpie or Common Magpie (Pica pica) is a resident breeding bird throughout Europe much of Asia and northwest Africa. It is one of several birds in the crow family named as magpies and belongs to the Holarctic radiation of monochrome magpies.
 Blastobasis pica is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found on Madeira.
 Cambefortantus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Recilia jagannathi is a species of bugs from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.
 Mirosternus affinis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 This article is about the Common Surinam Toad Pipa pipa.
 Winnipegoceras is an extinct nautiloid genus from the Ordovician belonging to the Order Discosorida.
 Somotrichus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Somotrichus unifasciatus (Dejean 1831) Somotrichus vadoni Jeannel 1949↑
 Scania tephra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Bucculatrix eremospora is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Daemilus rufapex is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish ferruginous suffused with greyish (especially in the distal third) and rust brown in dorsal third. The strigulation is brown. The hindwings are glossy brown.
 Volva volva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Hyperolius platyceps is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps rivers shrub-dominated wetlands swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and ponds.
 Hoplolaimus uniformis is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Compsodrillia disticha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The White-headed Brush Finch (Atlapetes albiceps) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Rhopalosilpha wasmanni is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Rhopalosilpha.
 Loxorhombia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Curtotonidae or Quasimodo flies is a small family of small grey to dark brown humpbacked flies (Diptera) with a worldwide distribution but with very few species in the Nearctic Australasian/Oceanian and Palaearctic regions. Most members of the family are found in tropical to subtropical latitudes in Africa and the Neotropics. Many remain undescribed in collections since little work on the family has been done since the 1930s.
 A sistrum (plural: sistrums or Latin sistra) is a musical instrument of the percussion family chiefly associated with ancient Iraq and Egypt. It consists of a handle and a U-shaped metal frame made of brass or bronze and between 76 and 30 cm in width. When shaken the small rings or loops of thin metal on its movable crossbars produce a sound that can be from a soft clank to a loud jangling.
 Phobolosia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Culicoides ronderosae is a species of Culicoides.
 Xymenopsis tcherniai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Amphionthophagus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Hilarographa rampayoha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brunei.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream partly suffused with ochreous consisting of two postbasal fasciae and a submedian fascia divided by olive brownish lines which are concolorous with the basal and costo-posterior areas. The hindwings are olive brownish but cream at the base.
 Ulodemis trigrapha is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bhutan Vietnam and India.
 Hippotion talboti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from São Tomé and Príncipe.The length of the forewings is about 29 mm. It is distinguishable from all other Hippotion species by the greenish-brown ground colour of the forewing upperside together with the red and black hindwing upperside. The forewing upperside ground colour is khaki with a slight greenish tone. The discal spot is black small but conspicuous just distal to which is a diffuse darker brown patch.
 The Indian Meal Moth (Plodia interpunctella) alternatively spelled Indianmeal Moth is a pyraloid moth of the family Pyralidae. Alternative common names are North American High-flyer Weevil Moth and Pantry Moth; less specifically it may be referred to as flour moth or grain moth.
 Brown's pademelon (Thylogale browni) is a species of marsupial in the Macropodidae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bertholdia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 The Ajamaru Lakes rainbowfish (Melanotaenia ajamaruensis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to the Ayamaru Lakes in West Papua Indonesia.
 Homalopteroides smithi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homalopteroides.
 The Green-backed Becard (Pachyramphus viridis) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC. It often includes the Andean Yellow-cheeked Becard (Pachyramphus xanthogenys) as a subspecies.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Guyana Paraguay Uruguay and Venezuela.
 The Chatham Raven was a large songbird native to the Chatham Islands (New Zealand). Another closely related raven occurred on the North Island and South Island of New Zealand namely the New Zealand Raven C. antipodum. This was formerly included in C. moriorum but is considered a distinct species today.A reconstruction of the species is in the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa specimen MNZ S.036749.
 Isanthrene echemon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Guatemala.
 Porcellionides approximatus is a woodlouse that is endemic to Crimea Ukraine.
 Potadoma liberiensis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.
 Schistura caudofurca is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Capoeta ekmekciae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Capoeta.
 The Rufous-capped Motmot (Baryphthengus ruficapillus) is a species of bird in the Momotidae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Hoffmann's Rat (Rattus hoffmanni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Nacaduba is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies (Lycaenidae). It contains many of the species commonly called lineblues. As they are the genus initially erected to contain all lineblues they might be considered the typical lineblues as opposed to the species relatives now separated in Catapyrops Prosotas and Petrelea.
 Dinoponera australis is a species of ant notable for its lack of distinct queen caste. Studies have shown that fat storage in this species is related to the division of labour in the colony and non-reproductive individuals are characterized with a lower lipid count than reproductives.
 Neolamprologus sexfasciatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur in the southern half of the lake. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Paramorpha aplegia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Turner in 1916. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales.
 Vexillum angustissimum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Phyrganeoidea the giant caddisfly superfamily may be paraphyletic with Limnephiloidea.
 Turris tigrina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Aristotelia brizella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Switzerland and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and again from July to August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Armeria maritima and sometimes Limonium vulgare. They feed on the seedheads of their host plant.
 Alvania gagliniae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Preserve (1832–1855) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1835. She was the leading British two-year-old filly in 1834 when she was unbeaten in three races at Newmarket. In the following spring she added a victory in the 1000 Guineas before finishing second to Queen of Trumps when favourite for the Oaks Stakes a month later.
 Violin beetles or Banjo Beetles are ground beetles in the subfamily Lebiinae. They live between layers of bracket fungi.There are five species all contained in the genus Mormolyce.Mormolyce castelnaudi Deyrolle 1862 — Malaysia Thailand Mormolyce hagenbachi Westwood 1862 — MalaysiaMormolyce phyllodes Hagenbach 1825 — Indonesia Malaysia Mormolyce quadraticollis Donckier 1899Mormolyce tridens Andrewes 1941↑ ↑
 Nepotilla serrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Anacampsis malella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Greece.
 Lampra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Philippine Falconet (Microhierax erythrogenys) is a species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines. It is fairly common on Luzon Mindanao Mindoro and Visayas but is absent elswhere.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland primary and secondary forests. Seen singly or in pairs it perches on prominent branches on old dead trees from which it hawks for flying insects. It nests in old woodpecker holes.
 Brusa saxicola is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (the south-west and Shaba) northern Zambia and western Tanzania.
 Aegrotocatellus is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now Nunavut Canada. It was named by Adrain and Edgecombe in 1995 and the type species is Aegrotocatellus jaggeri a species named after British musician Mick Jagger.
 Clivinopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Clivinopsis bonifacei Bruneau De Mire 1952 Clivinopsis conicicollis (Reitter 1909) Clivinopsis sriigifrons Fairmaire 1874↑
 Psilalcis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ocypode ceratophthalma the horned ghost crab or horn-eyed ghost crab is a species of ghost crab. It lives in the Indo-Pacific region (except the Red Sea); from the coast of East Africa to the Philippines and from Japan to the Great Barrier Reef. They also occur in the Pacific Islands to as far east as Polynesia and Clipperton Island. As their common name implies O.
 Odostomia gloriosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Sabaconidae are a family of harvestmen with about 50 known species.The species range in body length from 1.2 to 5.5 mm. The relatively small chelicerae are sexually dimorphic. In Taracus the chelicerae are strongly elongated. The characteristic often relatively stout pedipalps are often longer than the body.
 Salsolicola is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Helcionopsis subcarinata is an extinct species of paleozoic monoplacophoran in the family Tryblidiidae.
 Aderus is a genus of leaf beetles from the family Aderidae that resemble ants.
 Limnaecia scoliosema is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Ophichthus stenopterus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1871.
 Placunidae are a taxonomic family of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks which are related to oysters and scallops.This family is best known for the shells of the species Placuna placenta which are translucent and are commonly used in shellcraft production.The family is closely related to the Anomiidae (saddle oysters). One of the main differences is that the Placunidae do not attach themselves to a hard surface - instead they are a mud-living family.
 Caloptilia iophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 The Marbled White (Melanargia galathea) is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. Found across most of Europe south Russia Asia Minor and Iran. There is an isolated population in Japan. It is not found in Ireland North Britain Scandinavia (except Denmark) and Portugal or Spain.Despite its common name and appearance this butterfly is one of the browns of the subfamily Satyrinae.
 The Yellow-crowned Parakeet (Cyanoramphus auriceps) is a species of parakeet endemic to the islands of New Zealand. The species is found across the main three islands of New Zealand North Island South Island and Stewart Island/Rakiura as well as on the subantarctic Auckland Islands. It has declined due to predation from introduced species such as stoats although unlike the Red-fronted Parakeet it has not been extirpated from the mainland of New Zealand. Its Māori name is kakariki.
 Sivatherium ('Shiva's beast)' is an extinct genus of giraffid that ranged throughout Africa to the Indian Subcontinent. The African species S. maurusium was once placed within the genus Libytherium. It may have become extinct as recently as 8000 years ago as depictions that greatly resemble it are known from ancient rock paintings in the Sahara desert.
 Pseudobabylonella minima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Kedestes straeleni is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the south-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western and north-eastern Zambia.
 Leptostomias is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes.
 Euxesta brookmani is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Hypatopa texanella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including Texas Arizona and Utah.The wingspan is 14-16 mm. The forewings are hoary whitish cinereous shaded and speckled with brownish grey. The hindwings are pale yellowish brown with a shining gloss.
 Pisaura is a genus of Eurasian spiders in the family Pisauridae.
 Blepharomyia is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Bothrops colombianus commonly known as the Colombian toad-headed pitviper is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family. It is endemic to South America.
 Isocentris is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coastal Shiner (Notropis petersoni) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Oxycnemis fusimacula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California Nevada and Baja California.The wingspan is about 24 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.Larvae have been reared on Krameria parvifolia.
 Wasps in the family Pompilidae are commonly called spider wasps or pompilid wasps. The family is cosmopolitan with some 5000 species in six subfamilies.
 Alelimminola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Colpospira translucida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Metopoceras driss is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Morocco and has been found once in Spain.
 Titanoceros mirandalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in China.
 Cameraria walsinghami is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The length of the forewings is 4.5-5.5 mm.The larvae feed on Lithocarpus densiflorus var. echinoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong and the epidermis is opaque yellow tan. The mines are usually found on both sides of the midrib or rarely to one side of the midrib on larger leaves.
 Epia vulnerata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Felder in 1868.
 Common names: Sonoran Desert sidewinder Sonoran sidewinder.Crotalus cerastes cercobombus is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in an area that covers much of the eastern part of the Sonoran Desert in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. The subspecific epithet means buzzertail.
 Ophicardelus costellaris is a species of small air-breathing land snail or salt marsh snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Ellobiidae.
 Paravandellia is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.
 Cephalospargeta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It contains only one species Cephalospargeta elongata which is found in Texas and on Puerto Rico and Jamaica.
 Fissurella afra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Litoria flavescens is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Hypolophota amydrastis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypolophota. It was described by Turner in 1904 and is known from Australia (including Queensland).
 Megachile albonotata is a bee species in the genus Megachile found notably in Spain.Chalicodoma albonotata is the pollinator of the orchid Ophrys drumana.
 Humpback dolphins are members of the genus Sousa. These dolphins are characterized by the conspicuous humps and elongated dorsal fins found on the backs of adults of the species. They are found close to shore along the coast of West Africa (Atlantic species/variety) and right along the coast of the Indian Ocean from South Africa to Australia (Indo-Pacific species/varieties).
 Neogaeornis is a controversial prehistoric genus of diving bird. The single known species Neogaeornis wetzeli was described from fossils found in the Campanian to Maastrichtian Quiriquina Formation of Chile. It lived about 70-67 million years ago. It remains known from the single tarsometatarsus described in 1929 by Lambrecht and today housed in the Paläontologisches Institut und Museum in Kiel Germany.
 Ocypode cordimanus is a species of crab in the family Ocypodidae sometimes called the smooth-handed ghost crab. It is widely distributed in the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.
 Calliostoma annulatum also known as the purple-ring topsnail blue-ring topsnail or jeweled topsnail is a medium-sized sea snail with gills and an operculum.This is a sublittoral marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae. This snail lives off of the Pacific coast of North America.
 Cerithium tuberculatum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Nothomyrmecia macrops sometimes called the dinosaur ant or dawn ant is the only extant species of its genus. Its morphological similarity with the Baltic Eocene fossil ant genus Prionomyrmex has resulted in the species often being considered a living fossil and stimulated several studies on its morphology behavior ecology and chromosomes.
 Nototriton commonly referred to as Moss Salamanders is a genus in the Plethodontidae family of salamanders which is characterized by their absence of lungs; they instead achieve respiration through their skin and the tissues lining their mouth. They range from Central Costa Rica to north-central and western Honduras reaching also to eastern Guatemala.
 Trichromia coccineata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1935. It is found in French Guiana Surinam and Amazonas.
 Partulina is a genus of tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.
 Coiffaitarctia henrici is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana.
 Nephelobates is a genus of poison dart frogs native to South America. This genus is relatively new (1994) created from the former Colostethus alboguttatus group. A recent review proposed that Nephelobates is paraphyletic and should be invalidated meaning that the included species belong in different taxonomic groups.
 The southeast Asian shrew (Crocidura fuliginosa) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Cambodia India China Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 The Antilopinae are a subfamily of Bovidae. The gazelles blackbucks springboks gerenuks dibatags and Central Asian gazelles are often referred to as true antelopes and are usually classified as the only representatives of the Antilopinae. True antelopes occur in much of Africa and Asia with the highest concentration of species occurring in East Africa in Sudan Eritrea Ethiopia Somalia Kenya and Tanzania.
 Hartlaub's Babbler or Angola Babbler (Turdoides hartlaubii) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Namibia Rwanda Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German physician and ornithologist Gustav Hartlaub.
 Paraduba is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in New Guinea (Australasian ecozone).
 The Rio Purus titi (Callicebus purinus) is a species of titi a type of New World monkey endemic to Brazil.
 Holcoceroides is a genus of moths in the Blastobasidae family. It contains only one species Holcoceroides scythrella which is found in Russia.
 Meza indusiata the Snowy Missile is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Hugonia platysepala.
 Argyroeides minuta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1888. It is found in Honduras.
 The Panay shrew (Crocidura panayensis) is a species of shrew from the Philippines.
 Hyperthaema sanguineata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 Mandarina ponderosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Homophysodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Semitrivia tsuchidai is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Bela bella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Galomecalpa megaloplaca is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 The Cascade golden-mantled ground squirrel (Callospermophilus saturatus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in the Cascade Mountains in the province of British Columbia Canada and the state of Washington United States.
 Whippomorpha is a clade containing the Cetacea (whales dolphins etc.) and their closest living relatives the hippopotamuses named by Waddell et al. (1999). It is defined as a crown group including all species that are descendants of the most recent common ancestor of Hippopotamus amphibius and Tursiops truncatus. This would be a sub-grouping of the Cetartiodactyla (which also includes pigs and ruminants).
 The Great Snipe (Gallinago media) is a small stocky wader in the genus Gallinago.This bird's breeding habitat is marshes and wet meadows with short vegetation in north-eastern Europe including north-western Russia. Great Snipes are migratory wintering in Africa.
 Mestolobes semiochrea is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.Adults have been taken while feeding on the blossoms of Metrosideros species.
 Caecilia nigricans is a species of amphibian in the family Caeciliidae.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Eudyscia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Dyscia.
 The Ibiza wall lizard (Podarcis pityusensis) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family. It is most closely associated with the island of Eivissa or Ibiza in the Balearic Islands but has become naturalised in parts of Spain.A sub-species P. pityusensis formenterae is limited in natural habitat to the islands of Formentera Illa Cordillera and Es Vedrà south of Ibiza but has been transported by man to several other locations in the Mediterranean.
 Pselliopus is a common genus of assassin bug family (Reduviidae) in the subfamily Harpactorinae. The genus is restricted to the New World with 22 species described. Some species such as Pselliopus barberi are conspicuous because of their bright coloring and relatively large size. Some species of the genus are of interest as potential biological pest control agents.
 Sitonini is a tribe of weevils in the Entiminae subfamily. There are currently 9 extant genera and one fossil genus Sitonitellus.
 Psittiparus is a genus of bird in the Sylviidae family. It contains the following species: Black-headed Parrotbill (Psittiparus margaritae) Grey-headed Parrotbill (Psittiparus gularis) White-breasted Parrotbill (Psittiparus ruficeps) Rufous-headed Parrotbill (Psittiparus bakeri)
 Mordellistena bambyrea is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Franciscolo. It is endemic to Senegal.
 Psegmatica is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Haplosyllis spongicola the sponge worm is a species of polychaete worm in the family Syllidae. It was previously classified as Syllis spongicola and is part of a species complex of closely related species that are difficult to distinguish morphologically and where the demarcation between them is unclear. It is found in shallow temperate subtropical and tropical seas worldwide wherever its host sponges are found.
 Starksia rava the Tawny blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the waters around the island of Tobago. It is found inhabiting reefs at depths of from 6 to 11 metres (20 to 36 ft). This species can reach a length of 2.5 centimetres (0.98 in) SL.
 Ernocornutia altovolans is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cream sprinkled and suffused with greyish brown. The markings are darker than the ground colour. The hindwings are pale cream but whiter basally and strigulated with grey.
 Crockerella philodice is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 The Yellow-banded Underwing (Catocala cerogama) is a species of Catocalini that occurs in North America.
 The Malacostraca malacostracans are the largest of the six classes of crustaceans containing over 25000 extant species divided among 16 orders. Its members display a greater diversity of body forms than any other class of animals and include crabs lobsters shrimp krill woodlice scuds (Amphipoda) mantis shrimp and many other less familiar animals. They are abundant in all marine environments and have colonised freshwater and terrestrial habitats.
 Nassaria gyroscopoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Seticosta aeolozona is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Gymnoscelis anaxia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Sphodromantis aethiopica common name Ethiopian mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia.
 Cyamops funkae is a species of fly.
 Mangelia costulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Heterakis gallinarum is a nematode parasite that lives in the cecum of some galliform birds particularly in ground feeders such as domestic chickens and turkeys. It causes infection that is mildly pathogenic. However it often carries a protozoan parasite Histomonas meleagridis which causes of histomoniasis blackhead disease. Transmission of H. meleagridis is through the H. gallinarum egg. H. gallinarum is approximately 1–2 cm in length with sharply pointed tails and a preanal sucker.
 Goniurosaurus is a genus of geckos containing thirteen species. Members of this genus range from China Japan and Vietnam. For this reason they are known as Asian geckos.
 The Alala Sister (Adelpha alala) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.
 Pupina brenchleyi is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pupinidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Przewalski's gazelle (Procapra przewalskii) is a member of the Bovidae family and in the wild is found only in China. Once widespread its range has declined to six populations near Qinghai Lake. The gazelle was named after Nikolai Przhevalsky a Russian explorer who collected a specimen and brought it back to St. Petersburg in 1875.
 Chetone angulosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Central America and northern South America including Venezuela Guatemala Belize Panama and Costa Rica.
 Xylophanes barbuti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is 84-93 mm. There is a grey band which runs from the top of the thorax to the tip of the abdomen. On the abdomen this band is outwardly traced with thin black strips and inwardly split by a series of thin black segments.
 Macaduma albisparsa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in New Guinea.
 Mesciniadia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1901.
 Cancilla carnicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Tritonoharpa angasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Macrochlamys indica is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.
 Spectamen is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Solariellidae within the superfamily Trochoidea.
 Anumeta asiatica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-western Iran Iraq Kuwait Saudi Arabia Oman the United Arab Emirates and in the Arava Valley in Israel.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae probably feed on Calligonum species.
 Agdistis karischi is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Eremiaphila fraseri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 The knobbly nudibranch Aegires ninguis is a species of dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aegiridae.
 Brama is a genus of pomfrets.
 Euoplocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch living 20.6—13.6 Mya existing for about 7 million years.
 Cristatella is a genus of moss animals from a family of Cristatellidae.
 Aegoidus earlii is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1840.
 Anthene is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae commonly called the ciliate blue or hairtail.
 Mapsidius chenopodii is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.The larvae feed on Chenopodium oahuense.
 Morum matthewsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Mapsidius quadridentata is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It is endemic to Lanai and Maui.The larvae feed on Charpentiera species.
 Coleophora eucalla is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.
 Natica acynonyx is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Trichromia carmen is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Teretia acus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Sisurcana margaritae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 The clouded salamander (Aneides ferreus) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is temperate forests and it is probable that many nest in trees. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Harpalobrachys leiroides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Harpalobrachys.
 Raja is a genus of skates in the family Rajidae containing nearly 30 species. They are flat-bodied cartilaginous fish with a rhombic shapes due to their large pectoral fins extending from or nearly from the snouts to the bases of their tails. Their sharp snouts are produced by a cranial projection of rostral cartilage. The mouth and gills are located on underside of the body.
 Stonychota is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista magidina is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the coastal forests of New South Wales and the Lamington National Park in southern Queensland.The wingspan is 9.6–11.5 millimetres (0.38–0.45 in) for males and 9.2–11.4 millimetres (0.36–0.45 in) for females. The forewings are white while the hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Lepidosperma laterale and Lepidosperma elatius. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Rauisuchidae is a group of large (up to 6 meters or more) predatory Triassic archosaurs and constitute advanced representatives of the larger group Rauisuchia. There is some disagreement over which genera should be included in the Prestosuchidae which in Rauisuchidae and which in the Poposauridae and indeed whether these should even be thought of as separate families.
 Alexteroon obstetricans is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and possibly the Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eudonia submarginalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
 Sabatinca chalcophanes is a moth of the Micropterigidae family which is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 11 millimetres (0.43 in).
 Pseudoleucania ferruginescens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Santiago Valparaíso Patagonia Estrecho de Magallanes Córdoba La Rioja Buenos Aires Tandil Balcarce Río Negro Comodoro Rivadavia Esquel Neuquén Mendoza and Catamarca in Argentina.The wingspan is about 34 mm. Adults are on wing in December.
 The frogmouths are a group of nocturnal birds related to the nightjars. They are found from the Indian Subcontinent across Southeast Asia to Australia.They are named for their large flattened hooked bills and huge frog-like gape which they use to capture insects. Their flight is weak.They rest horizontally on branches during the day camouflaged by their cryptic plumage.
 Stenoptinea is a genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the subfamily Meessiinae. It was originally established as a subgenus of Homosetia but later separated to become a genus in its own right.Only three species are placed in Stenoptinea at present: Stenoptinea auriferella (Dietz 1905) Stenoptinea cyaneimarmorella (Millière 1854) (= S. angustipennis) Stenoptinea ornatella (Dietz 1905)↑ ↑ ↑
 The Coppery-tailed Coucal (Centropus cupreicaudus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Namibia Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Cochylis disputabilis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 The dressy oldfield mouse (Thomasomys vestitus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Venezuela.
 Spermophilus is a genus of ground squirrels in the family Sciuridae. The majority of ground squirrel species over 40 in total are usually placed in this genus. However Spermophilus in the broad sense has been found to be paraphyletic to the certainly distinct prairie dogs marmots and antelope squirrels so it has been split into several genera by Kristofer Helgen and colleagues.Some Eurasian species are sometimes called susliks (or sousliks). This name comes from Russian суслик suslik.
 Eois plicata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Vinciguerria mabahiss is a species of Vinciguerria.
 Tabanus maculicornis also known as the narrow-winged horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.
 The Capricorn Silvereye (Zosterops lateralis chlorocephalus) also known as the Capricorn White-eye or Green-headed White-eye is a small greenish bird in the Zosteropidae or White-eye family. It is a subspecies of the Silvereye that occurs on islands off the coast of Queensland in north-eastern Australia and which is sometimes considered to be a full species.
 Dancing in Silks (foaled March 2 2005 in California) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2009 Breeders' Cup Sprint at Santa Anita Park.A 4-year-old gelding Dancing in Silks was bred by Ronald E. Jex. The horse races for Ken Kinakin and is trained by Carla Gaines. Dancing in Silks is the only horse owned by Ken Kinakin a 48-year-old Canadian businessman from Kelowna British Columbia.
 Polia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Crypturellus is a genus of tinamous and is considered a forest species. However there are the odd few that are grassland or steppe tinamous. There are 21 species of and a total of 67 taxa (species and sub-species).
 Hypsiboas pombali is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Caspian Gull is a name applied to the gull taxon Larus (argentatus) cachinnans a member of the Herring Gull/Lesser Black-backed Gull complex.
 Isosauris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Dusky-blue Flycatcher (Muscicapa comitata) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Viettesia luctuosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
 Barbus macinensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.B. hondeensis is often included here.
 Apisa subcanescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Eritrea Senegal and Tanzania.
 Hemigrapsus takanoi the brush-clawed shore crab or Asian shore crab is a small crab of the family Varunidae (formerly classified as Grapsidae) that lives on rocky shores surrounding the Pacific Ocean. This crab is omnivorous and eats small fish invertebrates and algae.
 Diretmoides is a genus of spinyfins with one species (pauciradiatus) known from the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the other (veriginae) known from the eastern Indian Ocean.
 Ghanacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Metaphatus ochraceus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis in 1986. It is found from the Talca Province in Chile south to Chiloe Island and Esquel in Argentina.The length of the forewings is 7.5-9.5 mm for males and 8-10.5 mm for females. Adults have a pale yellow body and forewings. Occasionally there is an indistinct pattern of light brownto fuscous scales on the forewings especially in males.
 Gobititan is a genus of dinosaur from the Barremian faunal stage of the Early Cretaceous approximately 129-125 million years ago. The name of this genus is derived from the Gobi desert region and the titans of Greek mythology which is a reference to its large body size. The species name shenzhouensis is derived from Shenzhou an ancient name for China. The genus is based on one partial skeleton which consists of a series of 41 caudal vertebrae and an incomplee left hindlimb.
 Poecilomyrma is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Sky Jack (foaled April 18 1996 in California) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Eupithecia maculosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal north-eastern India and Pakistan.
 Polyommatus anticarmon the Anticarmon Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Koçak in 1983. It is found in Turkey.
 Eilema elegans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found in Ethiopia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Palaeomorpha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Cephalotes opacus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Ranqueles mus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gounelle in 1906. It is known from northwestern Argentina.
 The Velutina Cracker (Hamadryas velutina) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in the Amazon Basin.The wingspan is ca. 36 mm.
 Cerithium flemischi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Elegant Grass-veneer Moth (Microcrambus elegans) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found from Ontario Quebec and Maine to Florida west to Texas north to Kansas and Illinois.The wingspan is 12-15 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in the north and from March to October in the south. There is one generation per year in the north and multiple in the south.The larvae feed on Poaceae species.
 The Atlantic sailfish Istiophorus albicans is a species of marine fish in the family Istiophoridae of the order Perciformes. It is found in the Atlantic Oceans and the Caribbean Sea except for large areas of the central North Atlantic and the central South Atlantic from the surface to depths of 200 m (656 ft).
 Pentalobus barbatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
 Condate is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stathmopoda mysteriastis is a moth of the Stathmopodidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1901. It is found in New Zealand.
 Bela glacialis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Trichis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trichis ceylonica (Ball & Hilchie 1983) Trichis iranica Mandl 1973 Trichis maculata Klug 1832 Trichis pallida Klug 1832 Trichis petrovitzi Mandl 1973↑
 Darwinellidae is a family of sponges of the order Dendroceratida.
 Limnaecia platyochra is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Nemapogon is a genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the subfamily Nemapogoninae. As evident by its name it is the type genus of its subfamily and family.
 Archigraptis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Cronia amygdala is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ahamus zhayuensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Chu and Wang in 1985 and is known from Tibet Autonomous Region in China.
 Beihania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stellifer is a genus of fish in the family Sciaenidae the drums and croakers. It is found in New World waters. Many species are known commonly as stardrums.In the Americas this is one of the most diverse genera among the sciaenids. Its members can be found in the tropics and subtropics and in shallow and deeper waters.
 Zelus annulosus is an assassin bug found in South America. It frequently associates with Hirtella physophora (Chrysobalanaceae) a plant that houses colonies of plant-ants Allomerus decemarticulatus and provides the ants with nectar.Some species of Zelus gather sticky substances from certain plants to coat their legs; Z. annulosus does not engage in this behavior instead secreting the substance.Z.
 Pabulatrix is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Animals are multicellular eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia (also called Metazoa). Their body plan eventually becomes fixed as they develop although some undergo a process of metamorphosis later on in their lives. Most animals are motile meaning they can move spontaneously and independently.
 Acalyptris minimella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is widespread and common in the western Mediterranean region usually not far from the sea. It has been recorded from Portugal Spain France Italy Croatia Ibiza Mallorca Corsica Sardinia and Sicily. It is also present in North Africa where it has been recorded from Morocco Algeria and Tunisia.The wingspan is 4.1-5.8 mm. There are two or more generations per year.The larvae feed on Pistacia lentiscus and Pistacia terebinthus.
 Africanogyrus rodriguezensis is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Mauritius.This species' generic name was changed to Africanogyrus in 2007.
 Ussara semmicornis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Ussara. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1932. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Marginella colomborum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Plain Chachalaca (Ortalis vetula) is a large bird in the Cracidae family. It breeds in tropical and subtropical environments from mezquital thickets in the Rio Grande Valley in southernmost Texas United States to northernmost Costa Rica.In Central America this species occurs in the Pacific lowlands from Chiapas Mexico to northern Nicaragua and as a separate population in Costa Rica where its range is separated by a short distance as a disjunct population.
 Coleophora niveistrigella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Latvia to the Pyrenees and the Alps and from France to Slovakia. It is also found in southern Russia.Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on Gypsophila fastigiata. They create a tubular silken case of about 15 mm in length. It is covered with sand grains and has a mouth angle of 45-55°. The larva hibernates in the soil.
 Tachystola stenoptera is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria and Western Australia.The larvae live in a flattened silk case between tied dead leaves. They feed on dead leaves of Eucalyptus bicostata Eucalyptus populnea Eucalyptus melliodora and other Eucalyptus species.
 Hoverioptera is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 The Geokichla thrushes are medium-sized mostly insectivorous or omnivorous birds in the thrush family Turdidae. They were traditionally listed in the Zoothera but studies suggested their placement in another genus.
 The Fly River rainbowfish (Melanotaenia sexlineata) is a species of freshwater fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to the Upper Fly River in Papua New Guinea.
 Gelagna succincta common name the lesser girdled triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Starksia galapagensis the Galapagos blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Galapagos Islands. It inhabits rocky reefs with plentiful weed-growth at depths of from 3 to 25 metres (9.8 to 82.0 ft). This species can reach a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) TL.
 Pachyta quadrimaculata is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in Austria Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Estonia Finland France Germany Hungary Italy Mongolia Poland Romania Russia Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain and Switzerland. Adult beetle is 11 to 20 mm long.
 Arethusana is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae of the brush-footed butterfly family (Nymphalidae). It is composed of only one species Arethusana arethusa the False Grayling which can be found as far west as Morocco and as far eastward as SW. Siberia and N. Tian Shan.The wingspan is 44–48 mm and the length of the forewings is 21–25 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on various grasses including Festuca Bromus erectus Dactylis and Poa species.
 Caloptilia peltophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Oxyrhopus guibei is a species of colubrid snake. It is often called the false coral snake but this common name can refer to any of a long list of other species genera and even entire families of snakes. Many nonvenomous snakes have evolved coloration that mimics that of venomous true coral snakes a trait which helps them avoid predation.
 Collonista costulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Davies' tree frog Litoria daviesae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rivers. It is currently threatened by habitat loss.
 Spongilla lacustris is a species of sponge of the freshwater sponge family Spongillidae that lives on fresh water lakes. It often grows under logs or rocks. It ranges from North America Europe and Asia. They have the capability to reproduce asexually and sexually. They become dormant during winter.
 Corydoras haraldschultzi is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It is found in Brazil and Bolivia.The fish will grow to 7 centimeters. It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0 - 8.0 pH a water hardness of 2 - 25 dGH and a temperature range of 75 - 83 °F (24 - 28 °C). It feeds on worms benthic crustaceans insects and plant matter. It lays eggs in dense vegetation and adults do not guard the eggs.
 Bocage's rock rat (Aethomys bocagei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola and Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna and moist savanna.
 Euplexia discisignata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India (including Darjeeling).
 Electrona paucirastra the Belted lanternfish is a lanternfish found around the globe in the southern hemisphere between 35° S and 48° S. It grows to a length of 7.0 centimetres (2.8 in) SL. It is a mesopelagic species which can be found close to surface at night-time.
 Chrysallida pelorcei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Caninia is an extinct genus of rugose coral. Its fossils occur worldwide from the Devonian to the Permian periods.
 Mythymima is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Saphenista subsphragidias is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy white with yellowish creamy suffusions and some brownish dots. The hindwings are white creamy tinged with yellowish at the apex.
 Copticostola is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Golden Pipit (Tmetothylacus tenellus) is a distinctive pipit of dry country grassland savanna and shrubland in eastern Africa. It is native to Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda and has occurred as a vagrant to Oman South Africa and Zimbabwe.The adult male unlike most pipits is very easy to identify. It is yellow below and yellow in the wings.
 Cochylis mystes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Megalopyge orsilochus is a moth of the Megalopygidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Mordellistena rufohumeralis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1937.
 Delgamma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eudendrium japonicum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 The Chatham Pigeon Chatham Island Pigeon or Parea (from Moriori) (Hemiphaga chathamensis) is a bird endemic to the Chatham Islands in New Zealand. Growing to 800g in weight and 55 cm in length the Chatham Pigeon is a relative of the Kererū or New Zealand Pigeon (Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae). While not rated by IUCN (who still consider it a subspecies of the Kererū) it is considered critically threatened in New Zealand.
 Diagondas is a genus of jumping spiders. Its only described species Diagondas viridiaureus is found in Brazil.
 The Blue-naped mousebird (Urocolius macrourus) also formerly called the Blue-naped Coly (Colius macrourus) is found in the wild in the drier regions of East Africa and is also a common pet bird. It is one of the remaining six species of Mousebirds. The term “mousebird” comes from its ability to move along the ground in a way that resembles the scurrying of a mouse.
 Ilybius montanus is a species of beetle native to Europe and North Africa. In Europe it is found in Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina. Great Britain (incl. Isle of Man Corsica mainland Denmark mainland France Germany IrelandLithuania Poland mainland Portugal Sardinia Sicily mainland Spain and the Netherlands.
 Swayne's hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus swaynei) is an endangered antelope native to Ethiopia. Two of the largest remaining populations are located in Senkelle Swayne's Hartebeest Sanctuary and Maze National Park. It has been extirpated from Somalia. It is named after British officer H. G. C. Swayne (1860–1940).
 Plectrocerum is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Plectrocerum cribratum Sallé 1856 Plectrocerum spinicorne (Olivier 1795)↑
 Beryllophantis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Masoandro is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Hyperplatys cana is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1863 and is known from southeastern Brazil.
 Emarginula retecosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Astralium rhodostomum common name the rosemouth star shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Typhisala is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ethmia cordia is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in eastern Mexico.The length of the forewings is 7.9-8.3 mm. The ground color of the forewings is divided by a sinuate longitudinal line and is dark brown above and white below to the dorsum. The ground color of the hindwings is whitish basally becoming pale brownish distally.
 Alucita libraria is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Siberian Stonechat or Asian Stonechat (Saxicola maurus) is a recently validated species of the Old World flycatcher family (Muscicapidae). Like the other thrush-like flycatchers it was often placed in the Turdidae in the past. It breeds in temperate Asia and easternmost Europe and winters in the Old World tropics.
 Southern Damselfly (Coenagrion mercuriale) is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Algeria Austria Belgium France Germany Italy Liechtenstein Luxembourg Morocco the Netherlands Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Switzerland Tunisia and the United Kingdom. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater springs.
 The desert mouse (Pseudomys desertor) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in Australia.
 Syngrapha angulidens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Alaska south in the mountains to northern Oregon western Nevada Arizona and New Mexico and east to Colorado western Wyoming Montana and Alberta.The wingspan is 30–34 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Abies and Pseudotsuga species.
 The Rusty spaghetti eel (Moringua ferruginea also known as the Rusty worm eel the Slender worm eel or the Intermediate thrush-eel is an eel in the family Moringuidae (spaghetti/worm eels). It was described by Richard Bliss Jr. in 1883. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the Indo-Pacific region including East Africa Easter Island the Ryukyu Islands Australia and Micronesia. It leads a benthic lifestyle burrowing into sandy regions in reefs at a depth range of 1-40 metres.
 The Band-winged Nightjar (Caprimulgus longirostris) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is widespread in South America where found in the Andes Venezuelan Coastal Range Santa Marta Mountains Tepuis most of Chile Argentina Paraguay Uruguay and eastern Brazil. It occurs in a wide range of habitats from the edge of humid montane forest to shrubby semi-deserts (e.g.
 Viriclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Viriclanis kingstoni which is known from Tanzania.
 The Yellow-throated Longclaw (Macronyx croceus) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Niger Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and sandy shores.
 Gibberula farlensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Stictosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Heteroclinus whiteleggii Whitelegg's weedfish is a species of clinid native to reefs around New South Wales Australia. This species can reach a maximum length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 Clarkeulia magnana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 38.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is light brownish in the distal third more cream and spotted and suffused with brown. The markings are brown. The hindwings are brownish cream densely spotted with brownish grey.
 The Indochinese Bush Lark (Mirafra erythrocephala) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.
 Micardia pulchra is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea and Japan.The length of the forewings is 13–15 mm. The forewings are rufous brown mixed with ochreous. The hindwings are ochreous white irrorated with brown.
 Neogagrella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Chamaesipho brunnea is an intertidal barnacle common in New Zealand on North Island and South Island north of Stewart Island. Juveniles have six shell wall plates reducing to four in adults and with age all plates become concrescent with no trace of sutures inside or out. Shell is brown colored.
 The hooded scaly-foot Pygopus nigriceps is an endemic Australian legless lizard of the Pygopodidae family.
 Aphelinus thomsoni is a parasitoid wasp that parasitizes the sycamore aphid Drepanosiphum platanoidis.
 Euxoa conspicua is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain Andorra France Italy Corsica Crete Cyprus Romania Bulgaria Greece Ukraine and southern and eastern Russia east to China and northern India. It is also present in the Levant.Adults are on wing from June to July. There is one generation per year.
 Somatina pythiaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Ethiopia and South Africa.
 Milgithea trilinearis is a species of snout moths in the genus Milgithea. It is found in Florida.
 Thorius macdougalli is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eois versata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo and the Mentawi Islands. The habitat consists of lower montane forests.
 Ennomomima trilineata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1905. It is found in French Guiana Suriname and Peru.
 Hypsiboas exastis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers intermittent freshwater marshes plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Coleophora orphnoceros is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Clathrina passionensis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Clipperton Island.
 Numenes patrana is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in north-eastern Bhutan India (Bengal) Nepal and Taiwan.
 Pseudocorythalia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only species P. subinermis is found in Guatemala.
 Cyamops samoensis is a species of fly.
 Loxophlebia senta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915. It is found in Colombia.
 MacQueen's Bustard (Chlamydotis macqueenii) is a large bird in the bustard family. It was earlier included as a subspecies of the Houbara Bustard (Chlamydotis undulata) and sometimes known as the Asian Houbara. The subspecies are geographically separated from the Houbara found west of the Sinai peninsula in North Africa with a population in the Canary Islands.
 Aetholaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Neptis hylas sometimes known as the Common Sailer is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia and Southeast Asia. It has a characteristic stiff gliding flight achieved by short and shallow wingbeats just above the horizontal.
 Megapedetes is a genus of fossil rodents related to the springhare and other species of the genus Pedetes with which it forms the family Pedetidae. At least four species are known which ranged through Africa southwestern Asia and southeastern Europe from the Miocene to the Pliocene. The genus was larger than Pedetes.Species of Megapedetes were larger relatively low-crowned (brachydont) pedetids with short mostly fused roots under their teeth.
 The Wissel Lakes tree frog Litoria wisselensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes and rocky areas.
 The Red-billed Emerald (Chlorostilbon gibsoni) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. Formerly it was considered as part of the species C. mellisugus Blue-tailed Emerald. As considered here it does not include C. melanorhynchus (Western Emerald) of west Colombia and Ecuador which is sometimes considered conspecific.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 Leucotmemis varipes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The Australasian Gannet (Morus serrator or Sula bassana) also known as Australian Gannet and Tākapu is a large seabird of the gannet family Sulidae.Adults are mostly white with black flight feathers at the wingtips and lining the trailing edge of the wing. The central tail feathers are also black. The head is yellow with a pale blue-grey bill edged in black and blue-rimmed eyes.Young birds have mottled plumage in their first year dark above and light below.
 The six-line wrasse Pseudocheilinus hexataenia is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species inhabits coral reefs at depths from 1 to 35 m (3.3 to 114.8 ft). It can reach 10 cm (3.9 in) in total length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The surf sardines are a small family Notocheiridae of saltwater atheriniform fish found in tropical and temperate seas in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.They are small fish typically less than 8 cm (3.1 in) in length with silver stripes and a keel-shaped underside. They form large schools and are often found in the surf close to the shore hence their common name.One species is in Notocheirus and five are in Iso the latter sometimes is separated into family Isonidae.
 Agylloides problematica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Cameroon.
 Mongoloceratidae is one of two families of the Popanocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Saurida (meaning reptile-like) is a genus of lizardfishes.
 Palaemonetes vulgaris variously known as the common American prawn common grass shrimp marsh grass shrimp or marsh shrimp is a common species of shrimp in the western Atlantic Ocean from Cape Cod Bay to the Gulf of Mexico. Adults grow to less than 5 cm (2.0 in) long and are transparent except for some orange pigmentation on the eyestalks.
 The rednose labeo (Labeo altivelis) is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. Other common names include Hunyani labeo Manyame labeo rednose mudsucker and sailfin mudsucker. It is native to Africa where it is distributed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Zambia and Zimbabwe.This fish is about 27 centimeters long at maturity. It has been known to reach 49 centimeters in length and 3.6 kilograms in weight.
 Blackfin pupfish (Cyprinodon beltrani) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Eugnosta unifasciana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of a mosaic of Brachystegia-forest and semi-evergreen coastal forest.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. The forewings are cream with ochreous suffusion. The hindwings are light grey.
 Utetheisa cruentata is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Mauritius.The larvae feed on Tournefortia argentea
 Sinployea otareae was a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to the Cook Islands; it is now extinct.
 Niphothixa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Yagra fonscolombe is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Acrobasis obrutella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Christoph 1881. It is found in China and Japan.
 The Giant Ibis (Thaumatibis gigantea) is the only species in the monotypic genus Thaumatibis is a wading bird of the ibis family Threskiornithidae. It is confined to northern Cambodia with a few birds surviving in extreme southern Laos and a recent record from Yok Đôn National Park Vietnam.
 Pterygoplichthyini is a tribe of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae. It includes two genera Pterygoplichthys and the currently undescribed genus referred to as the Hemiancistrus annectens group. This group was earlier misspelled as Pterygoplichthini.
 Tritonoturris subrissoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cetopsis is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Cetopsidae.
 Omphalotropis albocarinata is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Norfolk Island.
 Palazzia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The Blue-wattled Bulbul (Pycnonotus nieuwenhuisii) is a disputed songbird species in the family Pycnonotidae. The specific epithet commemorates Dutch explorer Anton Willem Nieuwenhuis.The bird is endemic to the islands of Borneo and Sumatra. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.The status of this rarely seen bird is not known primarily because it is not clear whether it is in fact a distinct species or a natural hybrid between the Black-headed Bulbul (P.
 Clathrina laminoclathrata is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Australia.
 Parabuchanosteus murrumbidgeensis is an extinct buchanosteid arthrodire placoderm. Its fossils have been found in the Late Emsian-aged marine strata of New South Wales Australia.It was originally described as Buchanosteus murrumbidgeensis in 1952. Twenty years later it was reexamined and promoted to a new genus.
 Lepetodrilus japonicus is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Ischnura heterosticta one of at least two species with the common name Common Bluetail is a common Australian damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae. It is the largest of the six Ischnura species in Australia. They are generally found near slow-running or still water. The species is also salt tolerant. It flies from October to March.
 Eocarcinosoma is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
 Idolomorpha is a genus of mantises in the family Empusidae.
 Selagia argyrella is a species of snout moth. It is found in almost all of Europe except Ireland Norway Finland Estonia Ukraine and Portugal. In the east the range extends to Asia.The wingspan is 22–28 mm. The forewings are lustrous pale buff with whitish suffusion. Adults are on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on Calluna vulgaris Helianthemum and Potentilla. They feed between spun leaves of their host plant. The species overwinters in a cocoon on the host plant.
 Vanikoro striatus is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Amphiodia habilis is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae. It is only known from a single locality off the coast of southeastern Brazil near the mouth of the Doce River.This brittle star with a disc diameter of 3.5 mm and arm length of 20 mm can be most readily distinguished from congeners by the thick disc with large armoured plates on the upperside.
 Bicyclus trilophus the Tufted Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
 Trifurcula is a genus of moths of the Nepticulidae family.
 Galasa concordalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Galasa. It was described by Dyar in 1913 and is known from Brazil.
 The Mountain Chickadee (Poecile gambeli) is a small songbird a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. Often it is still placed in the genus Parus with most other tits but mtDNA cytochrome b sequence data and morphology suggest that separating Poecile more adequately expresses these birds' relationships (Gill et al. 2005).
 Brancasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Early Cretaceous of what is now Germany. The type species is Brancasaurus brancai first named by Wegner in 1914 in honor of German paleontologist Wilhelm von Branca. Brancasaurus was similar to Elasmosaurus; like Elasmosaurus it had a long neck and a small head.
 Xanioascus canadensis is an extinct ctenophore known from the Canadian Burgess Shale in British Columbia. The species which is about 515 to 505 million years old had 24 comb rows - in contrast to all modern forms which have only 8.Other important Cambrian ctenophore fossils are Fasciculus vesanus and Ctenorhabdotus capulus.
 Lophiogobius ocellicauda is a species of freshwater goby native to china and the South Korea. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Coreoleuciscus splendidus of the monotypic genus Coreoleuciscus also known as the swiri or Korean splendid dace is a species of fish from the cyprinid family endemic to rivers of the Korean peninsula. It was first scientifically described by Tamezo Mori in 1935 who noted in 1936 that it could be found spawning in Gyeongsangbuk-do's Uljin County; a 1939 study also found it in the Geum and Seomjin rivers.
 Hippotion rebeli is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from dry areas in northern Uganda Kenya Tanzania Sudan Ethiopia Somalia and Arabia.The length of the forewings is 25–28 mm. It is very similar to Hippotion roseipennis and equally variable but larger and generally more reddish on both sides and more heavily marked.
 Meza meza the Common Missile is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of disturbed and successional forests.Adults are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Paspalum conjugatum.
 Meridarchis merga is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1989. It is found in Japan.
 Mordellistena diegosa is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by Maurice Pic.
 Pseudotolithus is a genus of croaker or bar ray-finned fish in the family Sciaenidae.
 Platynota subargentea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are shining silvery grey with transverse lines and spots of raised scales. The costa from near the base is shaded with brown which extends around the apex to below the middle of the termen. The hindwings are chestnut-brown.
 Collix foraminata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Comoros and Madagascar as well as in Cameroon Kenya South Africa Tanzania and Uganda.
 The horned whiff (Citharichthys cornutus) is a species of flatfish in the large-tooth flounder family Paralichthyidae. This bathydemersal marine fish inhabits the continental shelves of the western Atlantic Ocean in both tropical and subtropical waters. It ranges from New Jersey in the north to Uruguay in the south though larvae samples have also been collected off the coast of Canada.
 Pentastomida are an enigmatic group of parasitic invertebrates commonly known as tongue worms due to the resemblance of the species of the genus Linguatula to a vertebrate tongue.There are about 130 extant species of pentastomids; all are obligate parasites with correspondingly degenerate anatomy. Adult tongue worms vary from about 1 to 14 centimetres (0.4 to 5.5 in) in length and parasitise the respiratory tracts of vertebrates. They have five anterior appendages.
 Theridion incertissimum is a spider species found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Capitulum is a monotypic genus of sessile marine stalked barnacles. Capitulum mitella is the only species in the genus. It is commonly known as the Japanese goose barnacle or kamenote and is found on rocky shores in the Indo-Pacific region.
 Glipa ornata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1895.
 Neolamprologus splendens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur around Cape Zongwe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. This species can reach a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Daedalochila auriculata is a species of air-breathing land snails a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae.
 Morphodaclyla is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Morphodaclyla alticola Bates 1891 Morphodaclyla coreica Jedlicka 1936 Morphodaclyla ishikawai Nemoto 1990 Morphodaclyla potanini Semenov 1889↑
 The Tricoloured Parrotfinch (Erythrura tricolor) is a species of estrildid finch found in Indonesia and East Timor. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 20000 to 50000 km².It is found in subtropical/ tropical dry forest and dry savanna. The status of the species is evaluated as Least Concern.
 Delturus is a genus of armored catfishes native to rivers in Southeast and Northeast Brazil.
 Ophisma fulvipuncta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Oenopota inequita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Xenopsylla gratiosa is a flea found on seabirds including the European Storm Petrel. Along with dermanyssid mites these blood-sucking parasites slow the growth rate of nestlings and may affect their survival rate.
 Astylopsis arcuata is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by LeConte in 1878.
 Elacatinus chancei the shortstripe goby is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Gobiidae. It lives inside or on the surface of a sponge and occurs in tropical waters in the west central Atlantic Ocean the Bahamas the Antilles and Venezuela.
 Racotis squalida is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Central Eastern & Southern Africa.
 Eutornoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leptoconopinae is a subfamily of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae. The larvae are recognized by their unique sclerites of the head and by their mouthparts also unique among the Ceratopogonidae. Some authorities place the genus Leptoconops in its own family Leptoconopidae.
 The Andean Snipe (Gallinago jamesoni) is a small stocky wader. It breeds in the Andes in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. It appears to be entirely sedentary with no evidence of migration.It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Fuegian Snipe Gallinago stricklandii which is also known as the Cordilleran Snipe. The scientific name of the Andean Snipe commemorates the Scottish botanist William Jameson.
 Homeboykris (foaled February 13 2007) is a racehorse bred in Maryland in the United States. A son of Roman Ruler he was purchased privately by a group headed by restaurateur Louis Lazzinnaro and includes Los Angeles Dodgers manager Joe Torre and turned over to Richard Dutrow Jr. for training. Lazzinnaro purchased Homeboykris from Brenda Tabraue after he broke his maiden at Calder Race Course.
 The Red-throated Bee-eater (Merops bullocki) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.This species has a large range and is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.
 Trichaeta bivittata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Rwanda Sierra Leone and Gambia.
 The Aleku caecilian Sylvacaecilia grandisonae is a species of amphibian in the Indotyphlidae family endemic to Ethiopia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers and freshwater springs.
 Pithecops is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Suillia is a genus of flies in the family Heleomyzidae.
 Limax dacampi (by other authors Limax dacampoi) is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae the keelback slugs.
 Neotamias is a genus of chipmunks within the tribe Marmotini of the squirrel family. It contains 23 species which mostly occur in western North America. Along with Eutamias this genus is often considered a subgenus of Tamias.
 Calymene celebra is a trilobite and also the state fossil of Wisconsin. It is found in Illinois Indiana and Wisconsin.
 The Poona Skink (Eurylepis poonaensis) is a species of skink found in India.
 Ophioglossolambis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Achaea echo is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Equatorial West Africa to Zimbabwe including Sierra Leone Ghana and South Africa. The larvae feed on Poaceae and Panicum species but have also been recorded on Citrus.
 Euthalia monina also known as the Powdered Baron or Malay Baron is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
 Lanio is the genus of shrike-tanagers.
 Turbonilla flaianoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The guenons (/ɡəˈnoʊn/ or /ˈɡwɛnən/) are the genus Cercopithecus of Old World monkeys. Not all the members of this genus have the word guenon in their common names and because of changes in scientific classification some monkeys in other genera may have common names that do include the word guenon. Nonetheless the use of the term guenon for monkeys of this genus is widely accepted.All members of the genus are endemic to sub-Saharan Africa and most are forest monkeys.
 Ensatina eschscholtzii (commonly known by its genus name Ensatina) is a complex of plethodontid (lungless) salamanders found in coniferous forests oak woodland and chaparral from British Columbia through Washington Oregon across California (where all seven subspecies variations are located) all the way down to Baja California in Mexico.
 Scaphiophis is a genus of African snakes. Common names include shovel-nosed snake.
 Philodromus is a genus of philodromid crab spiders.Spiders in this genus are distinctively flattened.The more than 250 described species are distributed throughout the Holarctic region with few species reaching into more southern regions. Some are found in certain parts of Africa with sporadic species occurring up to Australia. Only one species (P. traviatus) is found in (northern) South America. 16 species occur in Central Europe.
 Pelosia tanala is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 The bathyal swimming crab Bathynectes longispina is a species of crab in the Polybiidae family.This species lives on seamounts and knolls at depths as great as 600 metres (2000 ft). It appears similar to other members of the portunid family but has reduced swimming dactyls and long walking legs. As an adaptation to deep water it has large eyes.
 Lipographis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1887.
 The cuckoo wrasse Labrus mixtus is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Norway to Senegal including the Azores and Madeira. It is also found in the Mediterranean Sea. They can be found amongst the algae on rocky shores at depths from 2 to 200 m (6.6 to 656.2 ft) though mostly between 40 and 80 m (130 and 260 ft). This species is an important food fish for local populations and is also popular as a game fish.
 Cryptoramorphus is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Scopula dissonans is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Ethiopia Kenya Nigeria South Africa Tanzania and Uganda.
 Mylothris smithii is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Tortricosia excisa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma and on Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests including heath forests and disturbed areas.
 Glipostenoda monostrigosa is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1958.
 Herpestes lemanensis is an extinct species of mongoose of the genus Herpestes from the Oligocene of Europe. Fossils vary considerably in size and may be allied to larger African species.
 Eosaurichthys chaoi is an extinct saurichthyid bony fish that lived during the Late Permian epoch of China. It closely resembles its daughter genus Saurichthys in form and morphology.
 Aphnaeus marci is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 The White-throated Gerygone (Gerygone olivacea) is a species of bird in the Acanthizidae family.It is found in Australia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. Its common names include White-throated Warbler White-throated Flyeater Bush Canary Native Canary.
 Jameson's red rock hare (Pronolagus randensis) is a leporid found only on the continent of Africa mostly in the southern portion of the continent. South Africa has a population of this red rock hare but it is only found in the northwestern part of the country. Botswana also has a population in the Tswapong Hills. Zimbabwe and Namibia are thought to have the largest populations of the red rock hare and it is said to be found throughout both countries.
 The related Paranotothenia magellanica (Maori cod Magellanic rockcod) is sometimes called Maori chief too.Notothenia angustata the Maori chief is a species of cod icefish native to the southern ocean between New Zealand and Chile south to the Antarctic at depths down to 100 metres (330 ft). The juveniles are often found in tide pools.The Maori chief is a large (up to 41 centimetres (16 in) TL) bottom-living fish not too dissimilar to the Maori cod.
 Trypeta maura is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Bebearia innocua the Innocuous Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lepidomys irrenosa is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidomys. It was described by Guenée in 1852 and is known from the United States including Florida Georgia and South Carolina. It is also found on Cuba.
 The Palawan Shrew (Crocidura palawanensis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amata exapta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1892. It is found on Sumbawa Flores Lombok Java and Pulo Laut.
 Rhyacia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Laciniaria plicata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 Barbus ruasae is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Rwanda.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cyana thoracica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild and Jordan in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Quassiremus is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae. It currently contains the following species: Quassiremus ascensionis (Studer 1889) (Black-spotted snake-eel) Quassiremus evionthas (D. S. Jordan & Bollman 1890) (Galapagos snake-eel) Quassiremus nothochir (C. H. Gilbert 1890) (Smallfish snake-eel) Quassiremus polyclitellum Castle 1996
 Panthiades ochus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Godman and Salvin in 1887. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.
 Epicrates monensis known commonly as the Mona boa is a species of snake in the Boidae family. It is endemic to the West Indies.
 Leptonotis perplexus is a species of small limpet-like sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hipponicidae the hoof snails.
 Gemmuloborsonia moosai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Grapholita janthinana the Hawthorn leafroller is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Duponchel in 1843. It is found in most of Europe except most of the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine Lithuania and Estonia. The habitat consists of hedgerows gardens and woodland edges.The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from May to early August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Crataegus Prunus and Sorbus species.
 Mischocephalus lithostrota is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Mischocephalus.
 Phricanthes phaedra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Iscadia aperta is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Arizona and Texas Central America South America and the Antilles.
 Ctenolepisma is a genus of primitive insects (order Zygentoma = Thysanura s.s.) closely related to the silverfish and firebrat but less reliant on human habitation some species being found both indoors and outdoors and some found exclusively outdoors. The genus is distributed nearly worldwide in warm regions. Australia lacks native Ctenolepisma but is home to introduced species.
 The high-spined commensal hydroid Hydractinia altispina is a small colonial hydroid in the family Hydractiniidae.
 Prionella villosa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Prionella of the family Tephritidae.
 Balanus eburneus the ivory barnacle is a species of acorn barnacle in the family Balanidae. It occurs on the east coast of North America the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
 Hilara maura is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae.
 Brachycerus barbarus is a species of Curculionidae family Brachycerinae subfamily.
 Crassispira chazaliei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Cuspivolva bellica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Lauridromia intermedia is a species of crab in the family Dromiidae and is native to the western Indo-Pacific. It often carries a piece of sponge on its back by way of camouflage and one individual was found carrying a sea anemone in a similar manner.
 Baniana relapsa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Antilles.Adults are sexually dimorphic.
 Synaphe dresnayi is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Leraut in 2005. It is found in Korea.
 Anthrenocerus schwarzeneggeri is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family. It is native to New South Wales
 The White Royal Pratapa deva is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Zatrephes klagesi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Berthelinia rottnesti is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.
 Conus kimioi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Cascades frog (Rana cascadae) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in the western United States and possibly Canada mainly in the Cascade Range and Olympic Mountains.
 Allopeba is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Allopeba paranaensis (Napp & Reynaud 1998) Allopeba quadripunctatus (Lucas 1857) Allopeba signaticornis (Lucas 1857)↑
 Rugulina fragilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pendromidae.
 Speccafrons is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Reigomys primigenus is an extinct oryzomyine rodent known from Pleistocene deposits in Tarija Department southeastern Bolivia. It is known from a number of isolated jaws and molars which show that its molars were almost identical to those of the living Lundomys.
 The Ruddy Ground Dove (Columbina talpacoti) is a small New World tropical dove. It is a resident breeder from Mexico south to Peru Brazil and Paraguay and northern Argentina and on Trinidad and Tobago.
 Xiphiacetus is an extinct genus of cetacean known from the Miocene (early Burdigalian to late Tortonian 20.43 to 7.246 million years ago of Europe and the U.S. East Coast.du Bus 1872 described Priscodelphinus cristatus based on partial and poorly preserved skulls with extremely long and narrow rostra with a huge number of densely packed teeth. He estimated the rostrum of a large specimen to be 90 cm (35 in) long and the cranium to be 20 cm (7.9 in) long and slightly wider.
 Terebra pseudoturbonilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Microcancilla jonasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Damias monoleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Goodenough Island.
 Griphopithecus alpani is a species of prehistoric ape from the Miocene of Turkey.
 Hipparchia aristaeus the Southern Grayling is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Bonelli in 1826. It is found in North Africa southern Europe (Greece Sicily Sardinia Corsica) and Asia Minor. The habitat consists of hot dry rocky areas.The wingspan is 50-60 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on grasses of the Gramineae family.
 Paramartyria jinggangana is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Yang in 1980. It is known from Mount Jinggangshan in Jiangxi.
 Inquisitor adenicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Haustellotyphis wendita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Agelena lukla is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Nishikawa in 1980. It is primarily found in Nepal.
 Geoglada is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Conolophia.
 Chelidura aptera is a species of earwig in the family Forficulidae. They are found in both the Palaearctic and Afrotropic ecozones.
 Pagodula ceciliae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Marginella emmae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Salvadori's Seedeater or Salvadori's Serin (Serinus xantholaemus) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It is found only in Ethiopia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hellinsia varius is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in California and Arizona.The wingspan is 19–23 millimetres (0.75–0.91 in). The head is whitish faintly touched with brown above. The antennae are white and usually vaguely brown dotted above. The thorax and abdomen are white.
 The crab louse (Pthirus pubis frequently misspelled as Phthirus pubis) also known as the pubic louse is an insect that is an obligate ectoparasite of humans. It is typically found in pubic hair but may also live on other areas with coarse hair including the eyelashes. They cannot jump and feed exclusively on blood. Humans are the only known hosts of this parasite although a closely related species Pthirus gorillae infects gorilla populations.
 Rhabdocosma aglaophanes is a moth of the Ypsolophidae family. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 14–18 mm.Larvae feed on Celastraceae species.
 Uluella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with only one species the ant-mimic Uluella formosa. It occurs only in Panama.
 Correbia raca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama.
 Sphecosoma melanota is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Bolivia.
 Deroplatys desiccata known by the common names Giant Dead Leaf Mantis and (less-frequently) Malaysian Dead Leaf Mantis is a species of praying mantis from Southeast Asia.
 Cordylopteryx is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Barbodes kuchingensis is a species of cyprinid fish native to Indonesia where it occurs in the Kapuas River basin and Malaysia where it is known from Sarawak. It prefers sandy or rocky pools in clear foothill and forest streams.
 Macrotarsipus albipunctus is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Myanmar and central Vietnam. There are also records from Kenya and Malawi.The wingspan is 22–24 mm.
 Hymenocharta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 †Nerrhenidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks. Nerrhenidae is the only family in the superfamily Nerrhenoidea.
 Antilliscaris is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Antilliscaris danforthi (Darlington 1939) Antilliscaris darlingtoni (Banninger 1935) Antilliscaris megacephala (Hlavac 1969) Antilliscaris mutchleri (Banninger 1939)↑
 Uranothauma artemenes is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Mecyna marcidalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France as well as the Near East including Turkey Syria Iran and the Palestinian Territories.
 Two species of chough /ˈtʃʌf/ constitute the genus Pyrrhocorax of the Corvidae (crow) family of birds. These are the Red-billed Chough (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax) and the Alpine or Yellow-billed Chough (P. graculus). The White-winged Chough of Australia despite its name is a member of the family Corcoracidae and only distantly related.The choughs have black plumage and brightly coloured legs feet and bills and are resident in the mountains of southern Eurasia and North Africa.
 Pasiphila kumakurai is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 Acrossocheilus rendahli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acrossocheilus.
 Eleutherodactylus elegans is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Solomomyia is a genus of snipe fly of the family Rhagionidae. They are only known from the Solomon Islands
 Parevia griseata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Laelaspoides is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The green jack Caranx caballus (also known as the horse jack) is an abundant species of coastal marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed in the eastern Pacific Ocean along the American coastline from Santa Cruz Island off California in the north to Peru in the south as well as a number of islands including the Galapagos and recently Hawaii.
 Melese quadripunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Serpophaga is a genus of bird found in Central and South America. The genus is in the family Tyrannidae the Tyrant Flycatchers. It contains the following species: Torrent Tyrannulet (Serpophaga cinerea) River Tyrannulet (Serpophaga hypoleuca) White-bellied Tyrannulet (Serpophaga munda) Sooty Tyrannulet (Serpophaga nigricans) White-crested Tyrannulet (Serpophaga subcristata) Straneck's Tyrannulet (Serpophaga griseicapilla)
 Calocochlia is a genus of large air-breathing land snails pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.
 Clathrosepta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Idialcis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The giant oarfish (Regalecus glesne) also called the king of herrings is a species of oarfish of the family Regalecidae. It is an oceanodromous species with a worldwide distribution excluding polar regions.R. glesne is the world's longest bony fish. Its shape is ribbonlike narrow laterally with a dorsal fin along its entire length stubby pectoral fins and long oar-shaped pelvic fins from which its common name is derived.
 Scutiger gongshanensis is a species of toad found in Yunnan China.
 Hypselodoris regina is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Gold-striped Leaftier Moth (Machimia tentoriferella) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to North Carolina and Tennessee west to Mississippi and Iowa north to Ontario.The binomial name tentoriferella refers to Latin tentorium (meaning a tent) this probably is a reference to the rolled or tied leaf enclosure made by the larva.The wingspan is 20–26 mm.
 Endotricha punicea is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Whalley in 1963 and is known from China (Henan Hubei Tibet).
 Osmodes adonides is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 The Palawan Pencil-tailed Tree Mouse (Chiropodomys calamianensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Philippines.
 The greater weever Trachinus draco is a weever fish of the family Trachinidae. It is less common than the lesser weever.
 Glipa rufotincta is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1917.
 The Mexican volcano mouse (Neotomodon alstoni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae endemic to high elevation areas of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt.
 Pseudosphex discoplaga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Amara coelebs is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 The Northern Brown Argus (Aricia artaxerxes) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is found throughoutmuch of the Palearctic ecozone.
 Schizothorax microstomus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Borboryctis euryae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū Kyūshū Shikoku and Tusima).The wingspan is 6.9–8.1 millimetres (0.27–0.32 in).The larvae feed on Eurya emarginata and Eurya japonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The La Touche's free-tailed bat (Tadarida latouchei) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in China Japan and Thailand.
 Caenosynteles is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ephialtias bryce is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to the basin of the Rio Tapajos in Brazil.
 The Speckled sanddab (Citharichthys stigmaeus) is a species of flounder in the genus Citharichthys. It is native to the eastern Pacific Ocean ranging from Alaska in the north to Baja California Mexico in the south.It is a much smaller cousin of the Pacific sanddab growing to a maximum of 17 cm in length. It can be found on the sandy bottom near the shore to as far out as 350 m. It is a dull brown or tan colour with a white or pale brown underside.
 Xestospongia is a genus of sponge.
 The bowfin Amia calva is a primitive species of bony fish related to the alligator gar in the taxon Holostei. The bowfin is the last surviving member of the order Amiiformes (which includes three additional now-extinct families dating from the Jurassic to the Eocene) and of the family Amiidae (which contains numerous species in about four subfamilies only one of which Amiinae is extant).
 The Rusty oak moth (Cydia amplana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from central and southern Europe to Asia Minor south-western Russia and Transcaucasus.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July. It often needs two years for development.The larvae feed on Corylus Juglans Castanea Fagus and Quercus species. The larvae usually only feed inside nuts that have fallen to the ground but at times the larvae cause significant damage by causing the nuts to drop.
 Nannostomus grandis is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the genus Nannostomus in the Lebiasinidae family of characins. This species is closely related to Nannostomus beckfordi being somewhat similar in coloration but with a more elongated body. It has been described[citation needed] as the largest member of the genus Nannostomus; however N. harrisoni consistently reaches a mature length in excess of 60 mm and is the more likely claimant for that distinction.
 Odontotaenius floridanus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
 The leaf-nosed lizard or Tennent's leaf-nosed lizard (Ceratophora tennentii) is a species of [[lizard]s] in the Agamidae family endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Phymatodes amoenus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Say in 1824.
 Tactostoma macropus the Longfin Dragonfish is a species of barbeled dragonfish found in the Pacific Ocean down to depths of 2000 metres (6600 ft). This species grows to a length of 34.3 centimetres (13.5 in) TL. This species is the only known species in its genus.
 Apophatus is a genus of moths in the Palaephatidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis in 1986.
 Schistosoma spindale is a species of digenetic trematode in the family Schistosomatidae. It causes intestinal schistosomiasis in the ruminants.The distribution of Schistosoma spindale include Sri Lanka India Bangladesh Thailand Malaysia and Laos.The tegument of Schistosoma spindale under scanning electron microscope was studied in 1983. It is non-tuberculated (Gupta and Agrawal 2002 Comparative scanning electron microscopy of some Indian schistosomes.
 Nephrotoma suturalis wulpiana is a subspecies of tiger crane fly.
 The Polynesian longfinned eel (Anguilla megastoma also known as the Pacific long-finned eel) is an eel in the family Anguillidae. It was described by Johann Jakob Kaup in 1856. It is a tropical eel found in freshwaters in the Pacific including Sulawesi Indonesia; the Society Islands and Pitcairn. The eels spend most of their lives in freshwater but migrate to the ocean to breed.
 Lachesilla greeni is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Austria Azores Belgium France Germany Italy Poland Portugal Romania Spain and Switzerland. It can also be found in Near East.
 Scopula leuculata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Coscinia bifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rambur in 1832. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.Adults are on wing from June to August in one or two generations per year.The larvae feed on Calluna Erica Vaccinium Genista Taraxacum and Plantago species. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Muricopsis matildeae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Philautus namdaphaensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in India and possibly Myanmar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Adelges is a genus of insects which feed on conifers.Species include: Adelges abietis (Pineapple gall adelgid) Adelges cooleyi (Gall adelgid) Adelges piceae (Balsam woolly adelgid) Adelges tsugae (Hemlock woolly adelgid)
 Crinoids are marine animals that make up the class Crinoidea of the echinoderms (phylum Echinodermata). Crinoidea comes from the Greek word krinon a lily and eidos form. They live both in shallow water and in depths as great as 6000 metres.[citation needed] Sea lilies refer to the crinoids which in their adult form are attached to the sea bottom by a stalk.
 Jonaspyge is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.[citation needed]
 The Great Cuckoo-Dove (Reinwardtoena reinwardtii) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.The cuckoo-dove makes its nest in rock gorges near waterfalls and their calls are the two-part wok-wu heard above the sounds of the water. In motion the bird bounces up and down in place stable on the first syllable (wok) bouncing up on the higher outward syllable (wu). This is reflected in the dance of the Kaluli drummers of Papua New Guinea.
 Personopsis grasi is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae the Distortio snails.
 Tucetona bicolor is a species of dog cockle. Its shell is subtrigonal with 39 radial ribs. The ribs have with moderately shallow very narrow interspaces with very fine very closely spaced commarginal ribs. The hinge plate is moderately wide and curved.
 Mordellistena multistrigosa is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1967.
 Eleutherodactylus nephophilus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Goya tuco-tuco (Ctenomys perrensi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is endemic to Argentina.
 The Sumatran surili (Presbytis melalophos) is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is endemic to Sumatra in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Alloptychites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Sphaerospira whartoni is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Dictyna armata is spider species found in Ukraine and Georgia.
 Scopula agrapta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya South Africa Tanzania and Uganda.
 Tominanga sanguicauda is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family. It is endemic to Lake Towuti in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Albuna is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 The Blue Cuckooshrike (Coracina azurea) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Angola Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Acrochordonichthys strigosus is a species of catfish of the family Akysidae. It is only known from the Indonesian part of Borneo. A detailed discussion of this species's relationship with the other members of its genus can be found on Acrochordonichthys.
 The New Guinea free-tailed bat (Tadarida kuboriensis sometimes designated the New Guinea mastiff bat) is an extant species of free-tailed bat that inhabits the Chimbu highlands of Papua New Guinea. Although Koopman describes T. kuboriensis as a subspecies of the nearby T. australis (1982 1994) the reference catalogue Mammal Species of the World suggests that recent analysis establishes these as distinct species.
 The fine hydroid Corhiza scotiae is a delicate colonial hydroid in the family Halopterididae.
 Ctenosia psectriphora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Distant in 1899. It is found in South Africa.
 Comodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.Present in stratigraphic zone 5.
 The Masked Woodswallow (Artamus personatus) is a species of bird in the Artamidae family.It is found in Australia and New Zealand. Range: Common nomad most common in the west of Australia mainly in drier areas vagrant Tasmania.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. Can be found in large flocks also containing the similar White-Browed Woodswallow.Highly nomadic pale grey with black or dusky face. Male: Black face underparts delicate grey.
 The Wood Carpet Epirrhoe rivata is a moth of the genus Epirrhoe in the family Geometridae. It is widespread in Europe ranging to Armenia in the south.The wingspan is 28–34 mm. Adults are normally on wing from April to June in one generation but in some areas a second generation with adults on wing from July to September may occur.The larvae feed on the leaves of Galium species. The species overwinters in the pupal stage. It may overwinter twice.
 Dimitshydrus typhlops is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Dimitshydrus.
 Diptychus is a genus of cyprinid fish consisting of two Asian species. The type species is the scaly osman Diptychus maculatus. The name is derived from the Greek word di meaning two and the Greek word ptyx meaning fold.
 The Eastern Tailed-blue or Eastern Tailed Blue (Cupido comyntas) also known as Everes comyntas is a common butterfly of eastern North America. Males are generally blue on the upperside of their wings while females are lighter blue to brown or charcoal in coloring but there are also varieties of purple and pink found in both sexes. The underside coloration ranges from bluish-white to tan.
 Prohepialus is an extinct genus of moth in the Hepialidae family. It contains only one species Prohepialus incertus which was described from a Thanetian crater lake diatomite (Paleocene) in Menat (Puy-de-Dôme) France. A second specimen is known from the Bembridge Marls (Eocene) in the United Kingdom.
 Globonautes macropus is a species of crab in the family Potamonautidae the only species in the genus Globonautes. It is found in Guinea and Liberia and presumably in Sierra Leone and is listed as an endangered species on the IUCN Red List. It lives in tree hollows filled with water in closed-canopy rainforest.
 Palline micramyla is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Cosmosoma salvini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Sahnitherium is a possible basal Euarchontan from the Maastrichtian of the Intertrappean Beds of Andhra Pradesh India. It may be closely related to Deccanolestes. The holotype is an upper molar and it is the only specimen of Sahnitherium.
 Cladura is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae. The majority of species are found in Asia.
 Philautus gunungensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Common names: waxy monkey frog painted-belly leaf frogPhyllomedusa sauvagii commonly known as the waxy monkey leaf frog is a hylid frog belonging to the subfamily of South and Central American leaf frogs Phyllomedusinae that inhabits the Chaco (dry prairie) of Argentina Brazil Bolivia and Paraguay. The subfamily consists of around 50 species in three well-known genera Phyllomedusa Agalychnis and Pachymedusa.
 Risoba hiemischi is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Sumatra.
 The patent-leather beetle or Jerusalem beetle (Odontotaenius disjunctus) is a beetle in the family Passalidae which can grow to just over an inch-and-a-half long. They are shiny black and have many long grooves on their elytrae. They have a small horn between their eyes and clubbed antennae. When disturbed adults produce a squeaking sound by rubbing their wings on the abdomen.This is called stridulating and is often easy to hear.
 Syrnola brunnea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acco albipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and van Mastrigt in 2007. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya).
 Retusidae is a family of very small sea snails barrel-bibble snails marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks. These are headshield slugs in the superfamily Philinoidea.
 Neopetrosia subtriangularis is a species of marine petrosiid sponges native to the waters off Florida and the Caribbean Sea. They superficially resemble staghorn corals.
 Palaina taeniolata is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Syntomimorpha is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Syntomimorpha caerulescens which is found on Sulawesi.
 Paraphidippus nigropilosus is a spider species in the Salticidae (jumping spider) family. It belongs to the genus Paraphidippus. The species is endemic to Mexico and was officially described by Nathan Banks in 1898.
 Tachyoryctes is a genus of rodent in the Spalacidae family. It contains the following species: Ankole mole rat (T. ankoliae) Mianzini mole rat (T. annectens) Audacious mole rat (T. audax) Demon mole rat (T. daemon) Kenyan African mole rat (T. ibeanus) Big-headed mole rat (T. macrocephalus) Naivasha mole rat (T. naivashae) King mole rat (T. rex) Ruanda mole rat (T. ruandae) Rudd's mole rat (T. ruddi) Embi mole rat (T. spalacinus) East African mole rat (T. splendens) Storey's African mole rat (T.
 Urophora trinervii is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Favartia voorwindei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Tubularia is a genus of hydroids that appear to be furry pink tufts or balls at the end of long strings thus causing them to be sometimes be called pink-mouthed or pink-hearted hydroids. T. larynx is described as:The stems are tubular with a yellowish coloured tegument and are branched at the base. The polyp colour is pale pink through to red and consists of a central circlet of oral tentacles surrounded by paler but larger aboral tentacles.
 Eunaticina is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Emmalocera phaeostrotella is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Scopula fuscobrunnea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon Kenya and Uganda.
 Prolymnia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Thelosia truncata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Varicoglandina is a genus of predatory air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.
 Pomacea lineata is a species of a freshwater snail with gills and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 The black-spotted leaf-toed gecko or scarce ground gecko (Dixonius melanostictus) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family. It is endemic to Thailand.
 Aidos amanda is a moth of the Aididae family. It is found in Surinam Venezuela and the Guianas.The larvae feed on the leaves of Annona punicifolia. The larva has seven or eight instars.
 Roboastra gracilis is a species of sea slug a polycerid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.
 Poraniopsis is a genus of starfish in the family Poraniidae in the order Valvatida. Poraniopsis echinaster is the type species.
 Heterodoxa hivaoae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Heterodoxa of the family Ulidiidae.
 Sympistis ra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is about 35 mm.
 Triplophysa daqiaoensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Pseudomelatoma is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Xenophora crispa is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Opecoelidae is a family of flatworm.
 Jamides zebra is a butterfly of the Lycaenids or Blues family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Punctapinella niphastra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Espritu Santo).
 Sanctipaulus mendesi is a species of fossil caddisfly known from a single specimen. It was found in the Geopark of Paleorrota in Santa Maria Formation in rocks dating from the Triassic. It was found in 1955 in a shipment made by Irajá Damiani Pinto.
 Xyletobius affinis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Graphoderus is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae native to the Palearctic including Europe and the Near East.
 The Spotted Antpitta (Hylopezus macularius) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The blue warehou or common warehou Seriolella brama is a medusafish of the family Centrolophidae found off southern Australia and around New Zealand at depths of between 50 and 400 m. Its length is up to about 75 cm.The blue warehou is not to be confused with the bluenose warehou (usually referred to simply as bluenose in New Zealand and bonita big-eye or Griffin's silverfish by others) which is a deepwater member of the warehou family.
 Pseudopolynesia hebe is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea as well as on Sulawesi and the southern Moluccas.
 Akodon albiventer also known as the White-bellied Grass Mouse or White-bellied Akodont is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in the Andean highlands from southeastern Peru to southwestern Bolivia northwestern Argentina and far northeastern Chile at elevations from 2400 m to over 5000 m.
 Staphida is an alternatively named genus of bird in the Zosteropidae family. Most taxonomists place this genus in Yuhina. It contains the following species: Striated Yuhina Staphida castaniceps Indochinese Yuhina Staphida torqueola Chestnut-crested Yuhina Staphida everetti
 Coleophora ravillella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Spain and Italy.The larvae feed on Onobrychis saxatilis and Onobrychis viciifolia. They create a bivalved lobe case or a very untidy composite leaf case of 7–9 mm long. It is made up of 4-5 withered leaflets. The mouth opening is shifted laterally.
 Bismarck's Trumpet-Eared Bat (Kerivoula myrella) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.It is found in subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Gustiana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nakoleia (Greek: Νακώλεια) Latinized as Nacolia or Nacolea was an ancient and medieval city in Phrygia. It corresponds to present-day Seyitgazi Eskişehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.
 Aponotoreas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cerithiopsis matara is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the United Kingdom Exclusive Economic Zone. It was described by Dall in 1889.
 Cochlicella is a genus of small narrow-shelled air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlicellidae previously placed in the Helicidae or Hygromiidae.This genus has not yet become established in the USA but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture natural ecosystems human health or commerce.
 Nebria aetolica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Albania Greece and Republic of Macedonia.
 Pedioplanis is a genus of lizards of the family Lacertidae.
 Yola is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Yola alluaudi Peschet 1925 Yola babaulti Peschet 1921 Yola bertrandi Guignot 1952 Yola bicarinata (Latreille 1804) Yola bicostata Zimmermann 1926 Yola bicristata (Sharp 1882) Yola bistroemi Rocchi 2000 Yola buettikeri Brancucci 1985 Yola consanguinea (Régimbart 1892) Yola costipennis (Fairmaire 1869) Yola counselli Biström 1991 Yola cuspis Bilardo & Pederzani 1978 Yola darfurensis J.Balfour-Browne 1947 Yola deviata Biström 1987 Yola dilatata Régimbart 1906 Yola dohrni (Sharp 1882) Yola endroedyi Biström 1983 Yola enigmatica Omer-Cooper 1954 Yola ferruginea Biström 1987 Yola fluviatica Guignot 1952 Yola frontalis Régimbart 1906 Yola gabonica Biström 1983 Yola grandicollis Peschet 1921 Yola indica Biström 1983 Yola intermedia Biström 1983 Yola kivuana Guignot 1958 Yola marginata Biström 1983 Yola mocquerysi (Régimbart 1894) Yola natalensis (Régimbart 1894) Yola nigrosignata Régimbart 1895 Yola nilgiricus Biström 1983 Yola ocris Guignot 1953 Yola panelii Biström 1982 Yola peringueyi Guignot 1942 Yola pinheyi Biström 1983 Yola porcata (Klug 1834) Yola senegalensis Régimbart 1895 Yola simulantis Omer-Cooper 1965 Yola subcostata Bilardo & Rocchi 1999 Yola subopaca Régimbart 1895 Yola swierstrai Gschwendtner 1935 Yola tschoffeni Régimbart 1895 Yola tuberculata Régimbart 1895 Yola wraniki Wewalka 2004↑
 The two-coloured caecilian Epicrionops bicolor is a species of caecilian in the Rhinatrematidae family found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Radiodiscus coppingers is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Brazil and Chile.
 Not to be confused with the Gray Dagger of North America (A. grisea).The Grey Dagger (Acronicta psi) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from Europe and North Africa to northern Iran Central Asia southern and central Siberia and Mongolia. In the Levant it is found in Lebanon and Israel.This species has grey forewings with bold black dagger-shaped markings.
 Nassarius tinei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The whitetip weasel shark Paragaleus leucolomatus is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae. Only one specimen caught off Kosi Bay South Africa is known. This specimen was 96 cm long.Reproduction is viviparous.
 Gonophaga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Liptenara is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The three members (species) of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics.
 The Andean mountain cat (Leopardus jacobita) is a small wildcat. It is one of only two felids for which no subspecies have been classically described (the Bay Cat is the other). Fewer than 2500 individuals are thought to exist. This cat is one of about two dozen small wildcat species found around the world.
 Enispades is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cirripectes auritus the Blackflap blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Indo-West Pacific region. This species reaches a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL.
 Agonopterix curvipunctosa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Portugal Finland the Baltic region and the western and southern part of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. Adults are on wing from mid August to May.The larvae feed on Anthriscus caucalis Anthriscus sylvestris Chaerophyllum temulum Angelica sylvestris Angelica archangelica and Seseli libanotica. The species overwinters as an adult.
 Melanopella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Cotinis producta is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Scobura is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Anatrachyntis anaclastis is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1897 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 Ophiopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Nile Valley Sunbird (Hedydipna metallica) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found in Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Ethiopia Oman Saudi Arabia Somalia Sudan libya and Yemen.In February the male Nile Valley Sunbird assumes his nuptial plumage which he displays in flamboyant fashion. In winter both sexes look alike tiny only 9 to 10 cm long pale grey above and washed-out yellow below with a long slender and slightly down-curved bill.
 Siberian Hawker (Aeshna crenata) is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Belarus Finland Latvia Lithuania and Russia. Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.
 The Small Wood-nymph or Dark Wood-nymph (Cercyonis oetus) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Western North America.The wingspan is 32–45 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Nettastoma falcinaris is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Nikolai Vasilyevich Parin and Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 1985.
 Mitra heinickei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Capperia meyi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Luzon.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are on wing in November.The host plant is unknown but presumed to be like all other known species in the Capperia genus inthe Labiatae family.
 Argyrosomus is a genus of fish in the drum family Sciaenidae. They are large fish with the largest A. regius growing up to 230 cm in length.
 Rhopalus subrufus is a species of scentless plant bugs belonging to the family Rhopalidae subfamily Rhopalinae.Length is about 7 mm. It can be distinguished for its membranous forewings and the connexivum with dark and light stripes.It mainly feeds on Hypericum species but also on many other plants.It is found in most of Europe.
 The Red-hooded Tanager (Piranga rubriceps) is a medium-sized American songbird. Formerly placed in the tanager family (Thraupidae) it and other members of its genus are now classified in the cardinal family (Cardinalidae). The species's plumage and vocalizations are similar to other members of the cardinal family.
 Nannostomus britskii commonly known as the spotstripe pencilfish is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the genus Nannostomus in the Lebiasinidae family of characins. They were first described in 1978 by Stanley H. Weitzman along with two other new species (Nannostomus limatus and Nannostomus nitidus) from a collection of specimens preserved in the São Paulo museum.
 Monodactylidae is a family of perciform bony fish commonly referred to as monos moonyfishes or fingerfishes. All are strongly laterally compressed with disc-shaped bodies and tall anal and dorsal fins. Unusually for fish scales occur on their dorsal fins and sometimes on the anal fins. The pelvic fins are small sometimes vestigial.
 Deinopa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Opharus omissoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1981. It is found in Peru.
 Orthogonius pradieri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 Turbonilla felisae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Achryson meridionale is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Martins in 1976. It is known from southern Brazil.
 Eulechria subpunctella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Scopula variabilis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and Uganda.
 Habryntis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Salinator is a genus of small air-breathing terrestrial or semi-marine snails with an operculum pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Amphibolidae.
 Ceriana is a genus of hoverfly. All species are wasp mimics.
 Sphenodiscus is an extinct genus of acanthoceratacean ammonite. The genus has been found from many continents and is thought to have had a large global distribution during the Maastrichtian stage of the Late Cretaceous. It was one of the last ammonoids to have evolved before the entire subclass went extinct at the end of the period during the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.
 Cyanohypsa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Cyanohypsa stefanellii which is found in Argentina.
 Dreaming of Anna (foaled February 5 2004 at Lantern Hill Farm in Midway Kentucky) is an American thoroughbred racehorse.
 Elachista oritropha is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Uganda.
 Clairvilliops is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Pterycombus is a genus of pomfrets.
 Prothoosuchus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Thoosuchidae.
 Aucha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pliocyon is a physically large member of the extinct family Amphicyonidae of terrestrial carnivores belonging to the suborder Caniformia and which inhabited North America from the Early Miocene subepoch to the Middle Miocene subepoch 20.6—13.6 Ma existing for approximately 7 million years.Pliocyon was named by Matthew in 1918. Its type is Pliocyon medius.
 Casierius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Albian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Prosopium is a genus of freshwater whitefishes found in North America and parts of eastern Russia. It contains three fairly widespread species: the round whitefish the pygmy whitefish and the mountain whitefish. The remaining species the Bonneville cisco the Bonneville whitefish and the Bear Lake whitefish are endemic to Bear Lake.
 Bendisopis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acrocercops irrorata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales South Australia and Queensland.
 Coleophora agridensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Barkudia insularis is a limbless lizard which was described in 1917 by Nelson Annandale and rediscovered in the wild in 2003. Little is known about the species but it is believed to be found only in the mangrove habitats near Barkud Island in Chilka Lake Odisha India. The lizard looks like a large earthworm and lives in the subsoil and probably feeds on small arthropods. The holotype was found in loose earth near the roots of a banyan tree of Badakuda island of Chilika lagoon in 1917.
 Udea lutealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
 Sparganopseustis aurolimbana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Thorunna florens is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Palau Ground Dove (Gallicolumba canifrons) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Palau.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The White-bibbed Manakin (Corapipo leucorrhoa) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Corapipo leucorrhoa previously included White-ruffed Manakin (Corapipo altera) which has been split into a separate species. When they were a single species Corapipo leucorrhoa was called White-ruffed Manakin.
 Eleutherodactylus xylochobates is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyposmocoma pupumoehewa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui.The wingspan is 11–12.2 mm for males and 11.4-13.8 mm for females.The larvae have been observed feeding on snails of the Tornatellides genus. They use silk to bind snails to nearby leaves and force their way into the snail's shell to feed. The larvae live in a larval case which has the form of an elongated structure with one entrance at each end.
 Zygaenosia medialis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1925. It is found in New Guinea.
 Platystomatinae is a subfamily of flies (Diptera) in the family Platystomatidae (Signal flies).
 The Walnut Blue (Chaetoprocta odata) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Lypusa maurella is a moth of the Lypusidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 7–12 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on algae and mosses. They live in a leaf tube that is constructed by rolling a part of the leaf into a slightly conical tube.
 Leucoptera lustratella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees and Italy and from France to Belarus and Romania.The larvae feed on Hypericum hirsutum Hypericum montanum and Hypericum perforatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an upper surface brown blotch which is small and round at first. It is enlarged by lobe-like extensions in all directions. The mine usually begins at the leaf tip.
 Thumatha orientalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka and on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland areas.The length of the forewings is 5-6 mm. Adults are dark reddish brown.
 Lomocyma is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Caryocolum iranicum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Turkey (Anatolia) and western Iran.The length of the forewings is 5.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown and the hindwings are shining grey. Adults have been recorded on wing from the beginning of July to the beginning of August.
 Angiostrongylus vasorum also known as French heartworm is a species of parasitic nematode in the family Metastrongylidae. It causes the disease canine angiostrongylosis in dogs. It is not zoonotic that is it cannot be communicated to humans.Not much is known about the biology of this species.
 Eulepidotis sabina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana and Guyana.
 The small-footed shrew (Crocidura parvipes) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Nigeria Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Glyphipterix argyrosema is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It is found in eastern Australia including Tasmania.
 Hyaleucerea vulnerata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1875. It is found from Mexico to Brazil (Espirito Santo).
 Miltochrista delicia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1891. It is found in India (Assam) and on Sumatra.
 Belloliva is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Olividae.
 Axiidae is a family of thalassinidean crustaceans. It includes the following genera:
 Shutonia variabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The blind cave eel (Ophisternon candidum) is a species of fish in the Synbranchidae family. It is endemic to subterranean waters in the Cape Range Australia. Like other cave adapted animals such as Milyeringa (the only other vertebrates restricted to subterranean waters in Australia) the blind cave eel is entirely blind and lacks pigmentation. It is listed as vulnerable under the Australian Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.
 Justitia mauritiana is a species of spiny lobster sometimes called the gibbon furrow lobster. It lives in the western Indian Ocean around the Mascarene Islands (Réunion and the type locality Mauritius) and also around the Hawaiian Islands. Larvae supposed to belong to this species have been reported around the Philippines the Gilbert Islands and Tahiti.
 Coralliophila fimbriata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Orthomecyna aphanopis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.It is the smallest species of the Orthomecyna genus.
 Trabala charon is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Congo Cameroon Kenya Kenya Malawi Tanzania Uganda Zimbabwe and Zambia.
 Diabantia minima is a species of praying mantis in the genus Diabantia in the order Mantodea.
 Deopalpus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Madrellidae is a family of nudibranchs marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Nudipleura. There are no subfamilies in Madrellidae.
 Akritogyra helicella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The Early Moth (Theria primaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.The wingspan is 32–37 mm (1.3–1.5 in) and the forewings are 14–17 mm (0.55–0.67 in) long. The moth flies from January to February .The larva feed on hawthorn and blackthorn.
 Bactrostoma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Catapsephis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cerace semnologa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Tucanoichthys tucano is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Uaupés River. It is the only member of its genus.
 An eared seal or otariid or otary is any member of the marine mammal family Otariidae one of three groupings of pinnipeds. They comprise 15 extant species in seven genera (another species became extinct in the 1950s) and are commonly known either as sea lions or fur seals distinct from true seals (phocids) and the walrus (odobenids). Otariids are adapted to a semiaquatic lifestyle feeding and migrating in the water but breeding and resting on land or ice.
 Deltochilum valgum is a nocturnal species of dung beetle in the family Scarabaeidae which has evolved a predatory lifestyle. While most other members of its family feed on faeces D. valgum is highly specialised for eating millipedes; such a transition from scavenger to carnivore is rare.D. valgum prefers live millipedes to dead ones and seems to take no other food. It tends to kill millipedes much larger than itself at 25–110 millimetres (1.0–4.3 in) long.
 Dieida judith is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Israel where it is known from the northern Negev.Adults have been recorded on wing in March in Israel.
 Gigantolaelaps mattogrossensis is a mite from the Americas. It has been found on the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) black rat (Rattus rattus) brown rat (Rattus norvegicus) and white-footed mouse (Peromyscus leucopus) in the United States (Florida Georgia South Carolina and Texas). In Venezuela it has been recorded from Holochilus brasiliensis Sigmodon hirsutus and Marmosa robinsoni.
 Mischocyttarus is a very large primarily Neotropical genus of social wasps with a few species found also in the Nearctic region. It is the only member of its own tribe the Mischocyttarini.Mischocyttarus wasps build a relatively simple single comb nest. Their biology is similar to that of species in the genus Polistes. However Mischocyttarus appear to show considerably more social and reproductive flexibility than Polistes.Descript by RAPOSOFILHO
 Yirrkala gjellerupi is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Max Carl Wilhelm Weber and Lieven Ferdinand de Beaufort in 1916.
 Hinasuri is an extinct genus of rhea from the Pliocene. Its fossils have been found in Argentina.
 Eupithecia kozhantschikovi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia.
 Jackson's climbing salamander (Bolitoglossa jacksoni) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Guatemala.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss. Jackson's climbing salamander was last seen in 1975.
 Pseudogyrinocheilus is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to China. There are currently two described species in this genus.
 The Talamancan small-eared shrew (Cryptotis gracilis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 The Blotched snake Elaphe sauromates (Pallas 1814) (previously Elaphe quatuorlineata sauromates) a member of the Colubrinae subfamily of the family Colubridae is a nonvenomous snake found in Eastern Europe. It grows up to 260 cm (8' 6) in length but the medium is 120 to 160 cm. It is one of the largest and massive European snakes. The species has been of cultural and historical significance for its role in ancient Greek and Roman mythology and derived symbolism.
 The Short-tailed Swallowtail (Papilio brevicauda) is a North American butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
 Tricula montana is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.Tricula montana is the type species of the genus Tricula.
 Platycheirus peltatus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Britain and Europe.
 Scopula violacea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Australopithecus anamensis (or Praeanthropus anamensis) is a stem-human species that lived approximately four million years ago. Nearly one hundred fossil specimens are known from Kenya and Ethiopia representing over 20 individuals.
 Iphinopsis euthymei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Adaina is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Chilandrus is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ophiodermella inermis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Plectrohyla miahuatlanensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Otinodoris is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks previously placed in the family Chromodorididae. It is now considered a synonym of Asteronotus Ehrenberg 1831 and placed in the family DiscodorididaeValdés (2002) tentatively tried to maintain Otinodoris as a separate genus but lacked the necessary data. It was then consideredpossible that Otinodoris was a synonym of Peltodoris Bergh 1880.
 The Austen's Brown Hornbill (Anorrhinus austeni) is a species of hornbill found in forests from north-eastern India and southern Tibet and south to Vietnam and northern Thailand. It is often included as a subspecies of Tickell's Brown Hornbill.It is a medium-sized hornbill brown with white-tipped tail. Male has white cheeks and throat pale creamy bill rufous- brown underparts.
 Liptena ilaro the Ilaro Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Nigeria (the now destroyed Ilaro Forest). The habitat consists of dry forests.
 Megalebia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Megalebia colasi Mateu 1972 Megalebia migrotestacea Mateu 1972↑
 The Mole Toadlet (Uperoleia talpa) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Western Australia.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.Its closest relative is thought to be the recently discovered Pilbara Toadlet (Uperoleia saxatilis).
 Elachista dispilella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees and Italy and from France to Romania.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in). Adults are on wing from May to August in one or two generations per year.The larvae feed on Festuca heterophylla Festuca lemanii and Festuca ovina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long narrow corridor that descends from the tip of the leaf to the base.
 The conopid genus Stylogaster is a group of unusual flies. It is the only genus in the subfamily Stylogastrinae which some authorities have historically treated as a separate family Stylogastridae (or Stylogasteridae).
 Piesmus submarginatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Piesmus.
 Carrizo's tree frog Hypsiboas varelae is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Argentina. Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Henricus cristobalicus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Chiapas).
 Epermenia strictellus is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is found in Europe (from the Iberian Peninsula to Poland Romania and the Balkan Peninsula) as well as in North Africa from Turkey through Kyrgyzstan and the Tuva Region to Japan and in North America.The wingspan is 11–17 mm. The forewings are ochreous-cream scattered with blackish-grey scales.
 Myelois echinopisella is a species of snout moths in the genus Myelois. It was described by Chrétien in 1911 and is known from Pakistan Iran and North Africa including Algeria.
 Macrodipteryx is a genus of African nightjars consisting of two species. They inhabit subtropical woodlands and the males of both species acquire strikingly elongated primaries in the breeding season.In Standard-winged Nightjar the shaft of the 2nd primary becomes much elongated while in Pennant-winged Nightjar the 2nd primary grows to more than twice the body length. Both species have an insect-like call in the breeding season but are silent in the non-breeding season.
 Crassispira martiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The West African lungfish Protopterus annectens is a species of lungfish found in West Africa. It is sometimes referred to as the tana lungfish.
 Paguristes frontalis is a hermit crab in the family Diogenidae. P. frontalis is left-handed. Its left hand is either larger or equal in size with the right. Paguristes frontalis lives in the waters of South Australia to Western Australia. They can go in water as shallow as 8 metres. The estimated length of P. frontalis is 8 centimetres. P. frontalis can have the ability to carry a shell 15 cm long. Paguristes frontalis commonly preys on dead animals. At other times P.
 Micrulia medioplaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo Bali Sulawesi and Sri Lanka. The habitat mostly consists of lowland forests (including secondary and coastal forests) but it has also been recorded in lower montane forests.
 Cophixalus zweifeli is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.The species was named to honour American herpetologist Richard G. Zweifel.
 Hypsopygia tristalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1906. It is found in Nigeria.
 Emmalocera thiomochla is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 The Dusky Blue Cupid (Celastrina dipora) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Zabrus poggii is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Syria.
 The Clear Dagger Moth (Acronicta clarescens) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on apple cherry mountain ash plum and wild black cherry.
 The Cape Spurfowl or Cape Francolin (Pternistis capensis) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae. This francolin is endemic to the southwestern Cape of South Africa.The Cape Francolin is a bird of scrubby open areas preferably close to running water. Its nest is a grass-lined scrape under a bush and six to eight eggs are laid (but sometimes two females will lay in one nest).
 Pseudofentonia is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Olisthaerinae Thomson 1858 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae. See Newton et al. (2001) and references therein for further information about this subfamily.
 The canopy goanna (Varanus keithhornei) is a species of monitor lizards native to northeast Australia. It is also known as the blue-nosed goanna or occasionally as the Nesbit River monitor It belongs to the subgenus Euprepiosaurus and is a member of the Varanus prasinus species group.This monitor lizard is found in a restricted range near the Nesbit River or in the McIlwraith or Iron Mountain Ranges on the Cape York Peninsula in northern Queensland.
 Idolatteria is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Onchidiopsis is a genus of small slug-like sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the subfamily Lamellariinae within the family Velutinidae.
 Desmoxytes whose species are commonly known as the dragon millipedes is a genus of millipede found in southeast Asia. The genus was described by Ralph Vary Chamberlin in 1923 and reviewed by Sergei Golovatch and Henrik Enghoff in 1994. At least twenty-nine species are known from southeastern China to Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. One species D.
 Annella mollis is a species of soft corals belonging to the family Subergorgiidae.
 Branchiosauridae is an extinct family of temnospondyl amphibians. It has been divided into two subfamilies Branchiosaurinae and Tungussogyrininae.
 Ephemeridae is a family of mayflies with about 150 described species found throughout the world except Australia and Oceania. These are generally quite large mayflies (up to 35 mm) with either two or three very long tails. Many species have distinctively patterned wings.Ephemerids breed in a wide range of waters usually requiring a layer of silt as the nymphs have strong legs which are adapted for burrowing (the group is sometimes known as burrowing mayflies).
 Prasinalia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Prasinalia cuneata (Horn 1868) Prasinalia imperialis (Barr 1969)↑
 Suavotrochus is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Solariellidae within the superfamily Trochoidea.
 Mitrella blanda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Porthecla forasteira is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Peru Bolivia and French Guiana. The habitat consists of lowland areas.The length of the forewings is 15.9 mm for males.
 Artifodina himalaica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Nepal.The wingspan is 7-11 mm.The larvae feed on Myrsine semiserrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. In early stages the mine is narrow linear interparenchymal and runs across the leaf from one edge to another twice or thrice thus the leaf apical to the crossed mines is always discoloured into pale green or yellowish-green.
 Panopoda is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Agelena jumbo is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It has been described by Strand in 1913. It is primarily found in Central Africa.
 The Kurdistan spotted newt (Neurergus microspilotus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in areas of Iran possibly Iraq and possibly Turkey. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rivers.
 Pseudotelphusa scalella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from most of Europe to the southern Ural and the Volga region. It is found in Turkey.The wingspan is 11–15 mm. The moths are on wing from May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on moss lichen and Quercus robur.
 Odostomia phanella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Guenee's Pug (Eupithecia pernotata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from the Alps through Romania to southern Russia. It is also found in Finland.The wingspan is 18–19 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid June to mid July.The larvae feed on Tanacetum vulgare Artemisia vulgaris Artemisia campestris and Pimpinella saxifraga. Larvae can be found from June to mid September. It overwinters as a pupa in the ground.
 Nyctemera carissima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Guangdong Fujian Hunan) Taiwan Japan (the Ryukyu Islands) north-eastern India Nepal Vietnam Thailand western Malaysia (Malakka) and on northern Sumatra.
 My Dear Girl (foaled February 17 1957 in Florida) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. She made her racing debut on February 19 1959 at Florida's Hialeah Park Race Track. Having won five of her seven starts all under jockey Manuel Gonzales My Dear Girl was voted the 1959 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly.A successful broodmare for her owner Frances Genter My Dear Girl's best foal to race was In Reality.
 Anaspidoglanis macrostomus the Flatnose catfish is a species of claroteid catfish found in rivers in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo the Republic of the Congo and Gabon. It is active during twilight and at night and its diet consists of small fishes crustaceans and insect larvae. It grows to a length of 24.0 cm (9.4 inches) TL.
 Exilisia placida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1882. It is found on Madagascar.
 Cyaniriodes siraspiorum is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Philippines (Luzon and Samar).
 The Karthala White-eye (Zosterops mouroniensis) also known as the Mount Karthala White-eye Grand Comore White-eye or Comoro White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. As suggested by its name it is endemic to Philippia heath woodland growing on Mount Karthala on the island of Grand Comore in the Comoros. Mount Karthala is an active volcano and future eruptions pose a serious threat to the Karthala White-eye.
 Istiblennius colei is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific Ocean around the Philippines. Males of this species can reach a maximum of 11.8 cm (4.6 in) SL while females reach a maximum of 10.3 cm (4.1 in) SL.
 For the town in Armenia see Argina Armenia.Argina is a moth genus in the family Arctiidae. Not long ago it was divided into three genera: Argina (A. cribraria) Alytarchia (A. amanda A. leonina) Mangina (M. argus M. syringa M. pulchra).
 Apate is a genus of Horned Powder-post Beetles belonging to the family Bostrichidae.
 Microclysia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eutane nivea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1905. It is known from Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests including coastal and swamp forests.Adults are satiny white the forewings with a black discal dot.
 Prepiella strigivenia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in Brazil (Ega).
 Chamaelimnas is a Neotropical metalmark butterfly genus.
 Utetheisa vandenberghi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Nieuwenhuis in 1948. It is found on Sulawesi and Bali.
 Gephyrella is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and contains the species G. parsimonalis. It is found in Panama.
 Ectoedemia macrochaeta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Diospyros lycioides guerkei.
 Fukuia multistriata is a species of amphibious freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.
 Rainbow View (foaled 21 May 2006) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was trained by John Gosden to win the Fillies' Mile as a two-year-old and the Matron Stakes as a three-year-old. During he four-year-old season she was trained by Jonathan E. Sheppard and race solely in the United States.She is the daughter of Jersey Derby winner Dynaformer and No Matter What a daughter of Nureyev.
 The Narrow-nosed Harvest Mouse (Reithrodontomys tenuirostris) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
 Oscaecilia bassleri is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is found in Ecuador Peru possibly Bolivia and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Oslar's Roadside Skipper (Amblyscirtes oslari) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from southern Alberta Saskatchewan and North Dakota south through the high plains and Rocky Mountains to Arizona New Mexico and south Texas.The wingspan is 22–35 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July. There is one generation per year in the north and two in the south.The larvae feed on Blue grama grass (Bouteloua gracilis).
 Orthogonius cambodgensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Dichonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Triprocris is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 Schistura mahnerti is a species of tropical freshwater fish of the stone loach family Nemacheilidae. It inhabits fast-flowing streams of Thailand and Myanmar (Burma). S. mahnerti is one of the more recent species to be introduced to the aquarium trade.Other common names for this fish include the Burmese-border sand loach and red-tail sand loach. It is sometimes mislabeled in pet stores as a zebra loach or Burmese Border loach which are both members of the genus Botia.
 Gymnobela xylona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Scopula spectrum is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Coccidiphila is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Parides klagesi is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It was thought to be endemic to Venezuela before being discovered in Brazil. A recent freely available article by Olaf Mielke and Mirna Casagrande (2007) summarizes the known geographical distribution of the species. Because of the prior CITES listing and apparent rarity this species was placed in the endangered species list for the northern Brazilian state of Pará.
 Perikoala is an extinct genus of marsupial related to the modern koala. The genus diverged from a common ancestor of the other koala genera Nimiokoala Litokoala and the genus Phascolarctos which contains the living koala.
 Mordellistena wagneri is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Pic in 1929.
 Cyphoma intermedium common name : Intermediate Egg Shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Ideopsis oberthurii is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Polia mortua is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East Korea Japan and Taiwan.
 Cryptospira immersa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Belgrandiella ganslmayri is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Glyphipterix atelura is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is found in Brazil.
 Scopula wegneri is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.
 Auratonota moronana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 22.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish with shining dots and pale ferruginous median suffusions. The markings are pale ferruginous with rust suffusions. The hindwings are creamy white tinged yellowish terminally.
 Alvania harrietae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Eusimara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Epermenia pseudofuscomaculata is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is endemic to Kyushu Japan.The length of the forewings is 4–5 millimetres (0.16–0.20 in). As the species name suggests it is similar to Epermenia fuscomaculata but the forewings are a little darker especially on the apical area. The fasciae are reddish-brown.
 Nephrurus is a genus of eleven species of gecko commonly known as knob-tailed geckos. They are easily distinguished by their short bodies large heads small legs and short carrot-shaped tails that often end in a small knob.
 Cissusa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phylloxiphia karschi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Cameroon Gabon Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
 Buprestis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Buprestis adjecta (LeConte 1854) Buprestis aetnensis Baviera & Sparacio 2002 Buprestis alemanica (Heer 1879) Buprestis apicipennis Reitter 1898 Buprestis apricans Herbst 1801 Buprestis atlas Szallies 1994 Buprestis auratostriata (Haupt 1950) Buprestis aurora Bellamy 2011 Buprestis aurulenta Linnaeus 1767 Buprestis bergevini Théry 1911 Buprestis bertheloti Laporte & Gory 1837 Buprestis bilyi Novak & Kubá 1993 Buprestis biplagiata Waterhouse 1882 Buprestis carabuho Westcott 1998 Buprestis catoxantha Gory 1840 Buprestis concinna (Heer 1879) Buprestis confluenta Say 1823 Buprestis connexa Horn 1875 Buprestis consularis Gory 1841 Buprestis costipennis (Fairmaire 1891) Buprestis cubensis Fisher 1925 Buprestis cupressi Germar 1817 Buprestis cuprostriata (Weidlich 1987) Buprestis dalmatina Mannerheim 1837 Buprestis decemspilota Hope 1831 Buprestis decipiens Fisher 1925 Buprestis decora Fabricius 1775 Buprestis deleta (Heer 1847) Buprestis douei Lucas 1846 Buprestis dumonti (Théry 1942) Buprestis esakii Kurosawa 1954 Buprestis fairmairei Théry 1911 Buprestis fasciata Fabricius 1787 Buprestis flavoangulata (Fairmaire 1856) Buprestis florissantensis Wickham 1914 Buprestis fremontiae Burke 1924 Buprestis gibbsii (LeConte 1857) Buprestis gracilis (Heer 1847) Buprestis griseomicans (Haupt 1950) Buprestis guttatipennis Abeille de Perrin 1900 Buprestis haardti Théry 1934 Buprestis haemorrhoidalis Herbst 1780 Buprestis hauboldi (Weidlich 1987) Buprestis hauseri Obenberger 1928 Buprestis heydeni (Heer 1847) Buprestis hilaris Klug 1829 Buprestis hispaniolae Fisher 1940 Buprestis humeralis Klug 1829 Buprestis intricata Casey 1909 Buprestis kashimirensis Beeson 1919 Buprestis kruegeri (Hoscheck 1929) Buprestis kudiensis Cockerell 1926 Buprestis laeviventris (LeConte 1857) Buprestis langii Mannerheim 1843 Buprestis lebisi Descarpentries 1956 Buprestis lineata Fabricius 1781 Buprestis lyrata Casey 1909 Buprestis maculativentris Say 1825 Buprestis maculipennis Gory 1841 Buprestis magica Laporte & Gory 1837 Buprestis margineaurata Weidlich 1987 Buprestis maura Olivier 1790 Buprestis megistrache Cockerell 1926 Buprestis metallescens Abeille de Perrin 1891 Buprestis meyeri Heyden 1858 Buprestis mirabilis Kurosawa 1969 Buprestis novemmaculata Linnaeus 1767 Buprestis nutalli Kirby 1837 Buprestis octoguttata Linnaeus 1758 Buprestis panamensis Théry 1923 Buprestis parmaculativentris Knull 1958 Buprestis picta Waterhouse 1882 Buprestis piliventris Waterhouse 1882 Buprestis pongraczi Weidlich 1987 Buprestis pristina (Heyden 1862) Buprestis prospera Casey 1909 Buprestis redempta (Heyden 1859) Buprestis rufipes Olivier 1790 Buprestis rustica Linnaeus 1758 Buprestis rusticana (Heer 1847) Buprestis salisburyensis Herbst 1801 Buprestis salomonii (Thomson 1878) Buprestis samanthae (Hattori & Tanaka 2007) Buprestis sanguinea Fabricius 1798 Buprestis saxigena Scudder 1879 Buprestis scudderi Wickham 1914 Buprestis senecta Heyden 1858 Buprestis seorsus (Haupt 1950) Buprestis sepulta Scudder 1879 Buprestis seyfriedi (Heer 1847) Buprestis splendens Fabricius 1775 Buprestis sterbai Obenberger 1943 Buprestis striata Fabricius 1775 Buprestis strigosa Gebler 1830 Buprestis subornata (LeConte 1860) Buprestis sulcicollis (LeConte 1860) Buprestis tertiaria Scudder 1879 Buprestis tincta (Heer 1862) Buprestis tradita Heyden 1859 Buprestis transversepicta Kerremans 1897 Buprestis ventralis Waterhouse 1882 Buprestis viridistriatus (Haupt 1950) Buprestis viridisuturalis Nicolay & Weiss 1918 Buprestis zayasi Fisher 1953↑
 Pupina coxeni is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pupinidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Eois fucosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Macarostola ageta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 The bullseye round stingray reticulated round ray or spot-on-spot round ray (Urobatis concentricus) is a species of cartilaginous fish in the Urotrygonidae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are shallow seas subtidal aquatic beds coral reefs estuarine waters intertidal marshes and coastal saline lagoons. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plethobasus cyphyus is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Podoctidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 130 described species.
 Blarinomys breviceps also known as the Brazilian shrew-mouse or the blarinine akodont is a rodent in the tribe Akodontini from the Atlantic Forest of eastern and southeastern Brazil. It is the only species in the genus Blarinomys.
 Macrocneme evelina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama.
 Scaphiophryne spinosa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pamba is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Siboglinidae also known as the beard worms is a family of polychaete annelid worms whose members made up the former phyla Pogonophora (the giant tube worms) and Vestimentifera. They are composed of about 100 species of vermiform creatures and live in thin tubes buried in sediments at ocean depths from 100 to 10000 m.
 Chloropaschia thermalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Chloropaschia. It was described by Hampson in 1906. It is found in French Guiana.
 Zeamordella monacha is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the genus Zeamordella. It was described in 1886.
 Raphimetopus incarnatella is a species of snout moths. It is found in Russia.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Paracles ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Montiludia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Grey-backed Tachuri (Polystictus superciliaris) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ixodes neuquenensis is a species of tick that lives on the monito del monte (Dromiciops gliroides) a nocturnal mammal that lives in the northern temperate forests of southern South America. Due to the near-threatened status of its host Ixodes neuquenensis is also at risk.
 The true owls or typical owls (family Strigidae) are one of the two generally accepted families of owls the other being the barn owls (Tytonidae). The Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy unites the Caprimulgiformes with the owl order; here the typical owls are a subfamily Strigidae. This is unsupported by more recent research (see Cypselomorphae for details) but the relationships of the owls in general are still unresolved. This large family comprises around 189 living species in 25 genera.
 Lepturgantes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Lepturgantes candicans (Bates 1863) Lepturgantes dilectus (Bates 1863) Lepturgantes flavovittatus (Gilmour 1959) Lepturgantes pacificus Gilmour 1960 Lepturgantes prolatus Monne & Monne 2008 Lepturgantes septemlineatus Gilmour 1960 Lepturgantes seriatus Monné 1988 Lepturgantes variegatus Gilmour 1957↑
 Apustis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Erebus gemmans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia including the Bangladesh Bhutan and Thailand.The wingspan is 62–82 mm.
 Sonorella christenseni is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Lycaena ottomanus is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Albania Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Greece Hungary Macedonia Serbia and Montenegro and Turkey. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lithostege farinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the Iberian Peninsula through north-eastern Germany east to eastern Europe and the Caucasus to western Siberia and Central Asia (Altai and Tian Shan). In the north it ranges to southern Scandinavia and the Baltic States. In the south it is found up to southern Italy and the Balkan Peninsula. It has also been recorded from south-eastern Turkey and north-western Africa.
 Opistognathus whitehurstii the Dusky jawfish is a species of jawfish native to the western Atlantic Ocean including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea where it is an inhabitant of reefs at depths of from 1 to 12 metres (3.3 to 39.4 ft). It can reach a length of 14 centimetres (5.5 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The European nightcrawler Eisenia hortensis or Dendrobaena veneta is a medium-small earthworm averaging about 1.5 grams each when fully grown. Generally pink-grey in color with a banded or striped appearance. The tip of the tail is often cream or pale yellow. When the species has not been feeding it is pale pink. The species is usually found in deep woodland litter and garden soils that are rich in organic matter in European countries.
 Anarsia vinsonella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in La Réunion.
 Micropentila bakotae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Alsophis is a genus of snakes in the Colubroid Dipsadidae family. They are among those snakes called racers and occur throughout the Caribbean. One species in the genus Alsophis may be the world’s rarest snake and is currently critically endangered. Snakes of the genus Alsophis are small and rear-fanged snakes and they are considered harmless to man. This genus contains at least nine described species.
 Trithemis is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae.
 Allen's Hylomyscus or Allen's Wood Mouse (Hylomyscus alleni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Benin Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Long-tailed Bombyx (Trichiocercus sparshalli) is a moth of the Thaumetopoeidae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus cinerea Eucalyptus leucoxylon Eucalyptus polyanthemos and Lophostemon confertus.
 Dendropoma corallinaceus common name the colonial worm shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Coenaculum minutulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of four known species to exist within the genus Coenaculum with the other species being Coenaculum secundum Coenaculum tertium and Coenaculum weerdtae.
 Ctenosaura quinquecarinata commonly known as the club tail iguana or the five-keeled spiny-tailed iguana is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family endemic to Central America.
 Orthogonius dureli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2005.
 Olios argelasius is a species of huntsman spider found in the Mediterranean Basin. It was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1805.
 Epidesma phlebitis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1913. It is found in Belize.
 The root mouthed jellyfish Eupilema inexpectata is a species of cnidarian a jellyfish in the small family Rhizostomatidae. It is the only member of its genus.
 Mordellistena candelabra is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1939 by Ray.
 Pseudovadonia livida the fairy-ring longhorn beetle is a beetle species of flower longhorns belonging to the family Cerambycidae subfamily Lepturinae. This beetle is widespread in most of Europe in East Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East.Habitat of larvae is the forest floor of pine forests.
 Eurytides dolicaon Common name Dolicaon Kite Swallowtail is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family.
 Bactericera cockerelli also known as the potato psyllid is a potato/tomato psyllid native to southern North America. As its name suggests it is commonly found on potato and tomato crops where feeding of the nymphs causes a condition called psyllid yellows presumed to be the result of a toxin.The pest has caused significant loss in potato yields during periods of major population increase.
 Coreus marginatus is a herbivorous species of True Bug in the family Coreidae. It is commonly known as the dock bug as it feeds on the leaves and seeds of docks and sorrels. It is a medium-sized speckled brown insect between 13 to 15 mm long as an adult with a broad abdomen. It occurs throughout Europe Asia and northern Africa. It is often found in dense vegetation such as hedgerows and wasteland.
 Coleophora inequidentella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Fossarus lamellosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.
 Abacoleptus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Abacoleptus carinatus Fauvel 1903 Abacoleptus curtus Will 2011 Abacoleptus paradoxus Heller 1916↑
 Nephele comoroana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Comoro Islands.The wingspan is 50–70 mm for males and 74–78 mm for females. It is similar to Nephele accentifera and Nephele densoi but smaller. The forewing upperside is more uniformly brown. The entire antemedian and median area are uniform brown except for the silver discal spot and a light brown semi-lunar area on the costa. The postmedian band is rosy beige-grey extending evenly from the costa to the inner margin.
 The Tersa Sphinx (Xylophanes tersa) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from the United States (Massachusetts south to southern Florida west to Nebraska New Mexico and southern Arizona) through Mexico the West Indies and Central America and into parts of South America (including Bolivia Paraguay Argentina and Brazil). An occasional stray can be found as far north as Canada.The wingspan is 60–80 mm.
 Coleophora guttella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica and Artemisia fragrans. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Pheles is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone.
 Titanoceros thermoptera is a species of snout moth. It is found in Australia.The larvae are predacious on the eggs of Ochrogaster thermoptera.
 Pachyplichas is a genus containing two extinct species of New Zealand wren a family of small birds endemic to New Zealand.
 The Santa Marta Antbird (Drymophila hellmayri) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to humid foothill forests of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in Colombia especially in association with bamboo. This 15 cm (6 in) bird is found at higher elevations. It was previously considered conspecific with the Long-tailed Antbird.
 Calycobathra is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Risella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Northern root-knot nematode (Meloidogyne hapla) is a vegetable pathogen which produces tiny galls (a sore caused by friction and abrasion) on around 550 crop and weed species. They invade root tissue after birth. Females are able to lay up to 1000 eggs at a time in a large egg mass. By surviving harsh winters they can survive in cold climates. (Hence the name Northern)
 Afrasia djijidae is a fossil primate that lived in Myanmar approximately 37 million years ago during the late middle Eocene. The only species in the genus Afrasia it was a small primate estimated to weigh around 100 grams (3.5 oz). Despite the significant geographic distance between them Afrasia is thought to be closely related to Afrotarsius an enigmatic fossil found in Libya and Egypt that dates to 38–39 million years ago.
 The European Lesser Belle or Lesser Belle (Colobochyla salicalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found all over Europe.The wingspan is 26–30 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on the young shoots and leaves of Populus tremula.
 Palikirus ponapicus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Nandopsis is a small genus of cichlid fishes found in lakes streams and rivers in Cuba and Hispaniola. If disregarding Trinidad and Tobago (where the few native cichlids are members of genera that are widespread on the South American mainland) Nandopsis are the only cichlids native to the Antilles.
 Jeletzkytes is an extinct scaphatoid genus (cephalopod order Ammonitida) from the Upper Cretaceous (Maastrichtian stage) of North America named and described by Riccardi 1983. In overall form Jeletzkytes closely resembles the genus Scaphites. Species include J. compressus J. criptonodosus J. dorfi J. nebrascensis J. nodosus J. plenus and J. spedeni.
 Agylla maasseni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Panama Colombia Venezuela and Ecuador.
 Bembicium discoideum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Neuroxena obscurascens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Cameroon Nigeria and South Africa.
 Steneosaurus is an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform from the Early Jurassic to Early Cretaceous (Toarcian to Berriasian). Fossil specimens have been found in England France Germany Switzerland and Morocco. The largest species S. heberti reached up to 5 m (16.5 ft) long though 2.5–3.5 m was far more common.
 Conus gratacapii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Araucaria Tit-Spinetail (Leptasthenura setaria) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina and Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations. It is tightly associated with Araucaria angustifolia (parana pine) forests.It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Lanitra is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Phyllodesmium kabiranum is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae.
 Carabus sylvestris transsylvanicus is a subspecies of green-coloured beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Hungary Liechtenstein Poland Romania and Slovakia.
 Crocopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Calocheiridius elegans is a species of pseudoscorpion in the genus Calocheiridius.
 Perrona is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Clavatulidae.
 Ophiusa legendrei is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Comoros La Réunion Madagascar and in Mozambique.Ophiusa lengendrei is one of the few insects present on Europa Island.The larvae feed on Schinus terebinthifolius.
 Eupithecia kobayashii is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia Japan and Korea.The wingspan is about 24 mm. The ground colour of the wings is dark grey brown.
 The Western Demoiselle or Yellow-tailed Demoiselle (Calopteryx xanthostoma) is a species of damselfly belonging to the family Calopterygidae. It replaces the Banded Demoiselle (C. splendens) in southern France and the Iberian Peninsula and is sometimes considered a subspecies of that species (hybrids frequently occur in areas where they overlap).The male of C.xanthostoma generally has more extensive colouring in the wings than that of C.splendens usually reaching to the wingtips. Unlike C.
 The Knysna Turaco (Tauraco corythaix) or in South Africa Knysna Lourie is a large turaco one of a group of African near-passerine birds. It is a resident breeder in the mature evergreen forests of southern and eastern South Africa and Swaziland. It was formerly sometimes considered to be a subspecies of the Green Turaco of West Africa.
 The Abyssinian Catbird or Juniper Babbler (Parophasma galinieri) is a species of bird in the Sylviidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Parophasma. It is endemic to Ethiopia. The catbird's natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Chrysasura leopardina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Virbia flavifurca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Parornix obliterella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Pennsylvania Kentucky Maine and Vermont).The larvae feed on Betula lenta and Betula nigra. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Kalaglow (1978–1994) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred race horse. In a career which lasted from August 1980 until October 1982 he ran fourteen times and won ten races. He is most notable for his performances in 1982 when he lit up the summer with a series of victories including the Eclipse Stakes and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
 Lepthyphantes tenuis is a species of spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae. It is found throughout Europe.The body length excluding legs is about 2 to 3 mm. The carapace is dark brown. The abdomen often has a distinctive pattern usually with clear black spots and L. tenuis is more slender than other species in the family. The legs are brown and lack annulations.L. tenuis is usually found in low vegetation moss and leaf litter.
 Avatha chinensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Paraliagonum longipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paraliagonum.
 Omphalotropis costulata is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Clystea serrana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1928. It is found in Brazil.
 The White-necked Puffbird (Notharchus hyperrhynchus) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in forest and woodland from southern Mexico through Central America to the Chocó northern Colombia (including Magdalena Valley) northern Venezuela and the western and southern Amazon Basin.It was formerly considered a subspecies of N. macrorhynchos but under the common name White-necked Puffbird. The two differ markedly in bill-size (N. hyperrhynchus larger-billed than N.
 A nighthawk is a nocturnal bird of the subfamily Chordeilinae within the nightjar family Caprimulgidae. Nighthawks are medium-size with long wings short legs and very short bills. They usually nest on the ground. They feed on flying insects. The Least Nighthawk at 16 centimetres (6.3 in) and 23 grams (0.81 oz) is the smallest of all Caprimulgiformes.
 Syrrhodia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Willow Flycatcher (Empidonax traillii) is a small insect-eating neotropical migrant bird of the tyrant flycatcher family. There are four subspecies of the Willow Flycatcher currently recognized all of which breed in North America (including three subspecies which breed in California). Empidonax flycatchers are almost impossible to tell apart in the field so biologists use their songs to distinguish between them.
 Antiblemma imitans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Honduras and French Guyana.The wingspan is about 33 mm.
 Campbellodus decipiens is an extinct ptyctodontid placoderm fish that lived around 380 million years ago (Late Devonian). Its fossil remains have been found preserved in perfect three-dimensional form from the Gogo Formation of Western Australia. Originally it was described from large tooth plates and isolated skull roof bones by Miles & Young (1977).
 The Scalloped Antbird (Myrmeciza ruficauda) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Strabena cachani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Nilgiri Tiger (Parantica nilgiriensis) is a butterfly found in the Western Ghats and Nilgiri Hills of southern India belonging to the Danaid group of the Brush-footed butterflies family.Parantica nilgiriensis (Moore 1877) is a near-threatened (IUCN 2-3) butterfly endemic to the high altitudes of the Western Ghats of southern India belonging to the family Nymphalidae and sub-family Danainae .
 The Western Larch Case-Bearer (Coleophora laricella) is a moth belonging to the family of case-bearing moths Coleophoridae. It is native to Central and Northern Europe with its original food source being the European Larch or Larix decidua.
 The Madagascan Cuckoo-Hawk (Aviceda madagascariensis) also known as the Madagascar Baza or the Madagascan Cuckoo Falcon is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Riaga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Transtillaspis cherada is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Chrysopinae is a subfamily of green lacewings in the insect family Chrysopidae in the order Neuroptera. They are the nominate taxon and largest member of the green lacewing family (Chrysopidae) containing about 60 genera.Members of the genus Chrysoperla and the genus Chrysopa in this subfamily are common in Europe and North America. Their larvae are predatory and feed on aphids; some of these species have been used in biological pest control as has the Australian Mallada signatus.
 The Rush Wainscot (Capsula algae) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central and Southern Europe (and very sporadically in North-western Europe) Turkey Armenia Northern Caucasus South-west Siberia.The wingspan is 32–45 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae bore the stems of Scirpus lacustris Typha species and Iris pseudacorus.
 Ceryx sphenodes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in New Guinea and Australia (Queensland).The moth is about 20 mm. Adults are black with transparent windows in the wings and a black and yellow banded abdomen. The hindwings are only about half the span of the forewings.
 Xylophanes hydrata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Brazil west to Bolivia and Peru.It is similar to Xylophanes elara but slightly larger and the postmedian lines and vein spots on the submarginal line on the forewing upperside are stronger. The postmedian line on the base of the forewing underside starts as a line but later becomes a row of vein dots.
 Chaetocnema is a genus of leaf beetles.
 Trachicaranx tersus is an extinct primitive pompano-like jack fish from what is now Turkmenistan. It lived in an ocean upwelling with its relative Archaeus oblongus during the Thanetian epoch of the late Paleocene. Some incomplete fossil specimens were once identified as being a separate species Uylyaichthys eugeniae.
 Clinus rotundifrons the Kelp klipfish is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Namibia to South Africa where it inhabits kelp beds. This species can reach a length of greater than 10 centimetres (3.9 in).
 Caryocolum interalbicella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in France Germany Austria Switzerland and Italy.The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm for males and 6-7.5 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown with scattered ochreous scales. Adults have been recorded on wing from late June to late August.The larvae feed on Cerastium arvense. They feed on the young shoots into which they occasionally bore. Larvae can be found in mid-April.
 Peligrotherium is an extinct dryolestid from the Paleocene of Patagonia. Originally it was thought to be a condylarth. Its remains have been found the Salamanca Formation.
 Echinopelta fistulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Peltospiridae.
 Scabrotrophon kamchatkanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Aphyocharacidium is a genus of characin found in tropical South America with two currently described species: Aphyocharacidium bolivianum Géry 1973 Aphyocharacidium melandetum (C. H. Eigenmann 1912)
 Ablepharus darvazi is a species of skink that is known only from Darvaz mountains of Tajikistan. It is possible that the species is living in Afghanistan India and Pakistan.
 Cryphiotechna are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Cryphiotechna ochracma which is found in Peru.
 Eudocima homaena is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Indian subregion Taiwan Nicobars Peninsular Malaysia Borneo the Philippines and on Christmas Island.The larvae feed on Achyranthes Cocculus Cyclea Menispermum and Tiliacora species.
 Glyphipterix dolichophyes is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in China (Lungtan Hungshan western Tien-mu-shan).
 Hypatopa dolo is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 4.6 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brownish-orange and brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Toxochitona vansomereni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda (from the south-western part of the country to the Kigezi district).
 Beccari's Sheath-tailed Bat (Emballonura beccarii) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Gregorempista is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Roesler in 1969 and contains the species G. validella. It is known from Turkmenistan
 The Little Chachalaca (Ortalis motmot) is a small bird found only in the northern part of South America. It grows to about 38 cm (15 inches) in length and weighs 380 to 620 g (13 to 22 oz). This bird lives mostly in trees. It is a member of the Cracidae family and is found in northern Brazil French Guiana Suriname Guyana and Venezuela. It may also be found in the far eastern regions of Colombia.
 Alvania gascoignei is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Kearfott's Rolandylis Moth (Cochylis maiana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in eastern North America from Nova Scotia south to New Hampshire Pennsylvania and New Jersey and North Carolina but has also been recorded from southern France.The length of the forewings is 3.3-4.6 mm. The ground color of the forewings is cream with a pale fuscous basal band with scattered pale tawny scales. The median band is fuscous with mostly tawny scales covering the discal cell.
 The Spotted Catbird (Ailuroedus melanotis) also known as Black-eared Catbird is a species of bowerbird which can be found in north Queensland Australia and the island of New Guinea. It is approximately 26–30 cm in length and its coloring is emerald green with faint black markings on the face and white streaks on the neck. The male and female are almost identical.Spotted Catbird feeds mainly on fruit seeds flowers insects and even on other birds' eggs and young.
 The Yellow-margined Flatbill or Yellow-margined Flycatcher (Tolmomyias assimilis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in humid forest in southern Central America and the Chocó and Amazon in South America.
 Discophyllitidae are discoidal generally evolute Phylloceratina from the Upper Triassic derived from the Ussuritidae in which the principal saddles of the suture have bifurcated or trifurcated endings described as being di- or triphyllic. Discophyllitid shells are rather similar to those of the ancestral Ussuritidae and are distinguished primarily by the more complex suture. The Discophyllitidae provided the source for the Jurassic Phylloceratidae and Juraphyllitidae.
 Cometaster is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Doronomyrmex is a genus of ant in the family Formicidae. It includes the following species: Doronomyrmex goesswaldi Doronomyrmex kutteri Doronomyrmex pacis Doronomyrmex pocahontas
 Ectoedemia capesella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1985. It is known from the Russian Far East and Japan.The larvae probably feed on Acer species.
 Diplommatina lutea is a species of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Betusa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Striped Cuckoo (Tapera naevia) is a near-passerine bird the only member of the genus Tapera. This resident cuckoo is found from Mexico and Trinidad south to Bolivia and Argentina.The Striped Cuckoo is found in open country with trees or shrubs and the edges of mangrove forests. It is among the very few brood parasitic cuckoos of the Americas (only other are Dromococcyx) and typical hosts are spinetails but often also wrens and other species with domed nests.
 Athleta (Ternivoluta) studeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.There are two subspecies: Athleta (Ternivoluta) studeri studeri (Martens 1897) Athleta (Ternivoluta) studeri swainensis Bail & limpus 1998↑ 1.0 1.1
 Heterocrasa is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Warren in 1896 and contains the species H. expansalis. It is found in India.
 Lissocarcinus is a genus of crabs containing the following nine species :Lissocarcinus arkati Kemp 1923Lissocarcinus boholensis Semper 1880Lissocarcinus echinodisci Derijard 1968Lissocarcinus elegans Boone 1934Lissocarcinus holothuricola (Streets 1877)Lissocarcinus laevis Miers 1886Lissocarcinus orbicularis Dana 1852Lissocarcinus ornatus Chopra 1931Lissocarcinus polybioides Adams & White 1849↑
 Mandarina luhuana is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is endemic to Chichi-jima and Minami-jima of the Bonin Islands in Japan.
 The thirteen-lined ground squirrel (Ictidomys tridecemlineatus) also known as the striped gopher leopard ground squirrel squinney and as the leopard-spermophile in Audubon’s day is a ground squirrel. It is widely distributed over grasslands and prairies of North America.
 Vexillum fortiplicatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Lethrinops microdon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs at depths of from 35 to 100 metres (115 to 328 ft) in areas with soft substrates. This species grows to a length of 13.1 centimetres (5.2 in) SL.
 Acrocercops hoplocala is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus botryoides and Eucalyptus robustus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a short linear mine which soon opens into a roughly circular botch.
 Chuchlinidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.
 The North China sika deer or Mandarin sika deer (Cervus nippon mandarinus) is one of the many subspecies of sika deer. It is a large subspecies with some of the most prominent spots of all subspecies which is permanent throughout the year. It previously inhabited lowland forests of North China Plain and Northeast China Plain.
 The filbert weevil (Curculio occidentis) is a species of weevil in the genus Curculio. They are considered a pest for many species of oak tree due to the damage they cause to acorns.
 Spiloloma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Calluga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The angled riffleshell Epioblasma biemarginata was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels. It is now extinct.This species was endemic to the drainages of the Cumberland River and the Tennessee River in the United States. It was known from several locations in Kentucky Tennessee and Alabama. It became extinct due to habitat loss as the rivers were dammed and diverted.
 Oxycanus is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are 71 described species found in Australia and New Guinea.
 Bagrada hilaris is a species of shield bug known by the common names bagrada bug and painted bug (See a short video at YouTube). It could be mistaken for or erroneously referred to as harlequin bug. It is native to much of eastern and southern Africa and parts of southern Europe and Asia. It is known elsewhere as an introduced species including California and Arizona where it was first reported in 2008.
 Thiodia glandulosana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands and Madeira.The wingspan is 13-21 mm. The forewings are ochraceous suffused with brownish. The hindwings are greyish fuscous.The larvae feed on Rhamnus glandulosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The young larvae create a full-depth mine which starts near the midrib and closely follows a lateral vein for its entire length. Older larvae live among spun leaves.
 Zeadmete physomon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Prothysana is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family. It contains the single species Prothysana terminalis which is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Oxoides obscurus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Oxoides.
 Micriantha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ceutholopha is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Zeller in 1867 and is known from Australia and Egypt.
 Otothyropsis marapoama is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil.
 Mordella tetraspilota is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Eupithecia hemileuca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India (Punjab) and Thailand.
 Arhopala allata is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Asia (see subspecies section).
 Metareva aenescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in Bolivia.
 Ernocornutina is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Black-and-white Shrike-flycatcher (Bias musicus) also known as the Black-and-white Flycatcher or Vanga Flycatcher is a species of passerine bird found in Africa.
 The Ash-browed Spinetail (Cranioleuca curtata) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Odostomia tropidita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Amydria arizonella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona and South Carolina.
 Protheca is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Rhypholophus is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Nucella squamosa common name the scaly dogwhelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Miamimyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Nishada sambara is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sumatra Borneo Java the Sangihe Islands Bali and the Philippines. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Trilochana scolioides is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in India (Darjeeling) Thailand and Vietnam.
 The Marsh Moth (Athetis pallustris) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe the southern Urals southern Russia Ukraine eastern Turkey Siberia the Amur region Mongolia and northern China.The wingspan is 18–34 mm. The males are considerably larger. The females have more rounded forewings and tend to fly less readily. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on various low-growing plants such as Plantago species (including Plantago major).
 Lascoria aon is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America.
 Mesolestes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Mesolestes accentifer (Raffray 1873) Mesolestes affinis (Peringuey 1896) Mesolestes ambiguus Mateu 1980 Mesolestes ankaratrae (Mateu 1975) Mesolestes apterus Mateu 1962 Mesolestes basilewskyi Mateu 1962 Mesolestes bilineatus (Basilewsky 1949) Mesolestes brincki (Mateu 1965) Mesolestes brittoni (Mateu 1956) Mesolestes brunneipes (Mateu 1980) Mesolestes caecus (Antoine 1941) Mesolestes descarpentriesi (Mateu 1975) Mesolestes flavescens (Chaudoir 1876) Mesolestes flavosignatus (Boheman 1848) Mesolestes fraterculus (Chaudoir 1876) Mesolestes fusculus (Peringuey 1896) Mesolestes fuscus Mateu 1956 Mesolestes humeralis (Jeannel 1949) Mesolestes innoshimae (Habu 1974) Mesolestes katanganus (Mateu 1967) Mesolestes kilimanus (Alluaud 1917) Mesolestes laevis (Mateu 1980) Mesolestes leleupi (Mateu 1962) Mesolestes machadoi Mateu 1965 Mesolestes maculatus Mateu 1960 Mesolestes madecassus (Mateu 1960) Mesolestes meridionalis Mateu 1965 Mesolestes mirus (Mateu 1980) Mesolestes nigrocephalus Mateu 1962 Mesolestes orinodromus (Alluaud 1907) Mesolestes orophilus (Mateu 1960) Mesolestes promontorii (Peringuey 1899) Mesolestes pueli (Antoine 1923) Mesolestes quadriguttatus Mateu 1979 Mesolestes relictus (Jeanne 1985) Mesolestes rufus (Mateu 1967) Mesolestes scapularis (Dejean 1830) Mesolestes sellatus (Motschulsky 1855) Mesolestes senegalensis Mateu 1969 Mesolestes sermeti (Mateu & Colas 1954) Mesolestes sicardi (Bedel 1918) Mesolestes silvaticus (Mateu 1967) Mesolestes striatus Mateu 1972 Mesolestes virgatus (Mateu 1984) Mesolestes vittatus (Mateu 1979)↑
 Antillophos verbinneni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Spirostreptus is a genus of giant millipedes. It contains the following species:
 Sahelinia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Coleophora afrotropicalis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Diplogrammus goramensis or Goram dragonet is a species of tropical marine fish in the Dragonet (Callionymidae) family. It is native to the western Pacific Ocean from China to Fiji.
 Cycloneda sanguinea is a widespread species of ladybird beetle in the Americas.
 Stylonuridae are an extinct family of prehistoric eurypterids within the Superfamily Stylonuroidea.
 Chloridusa is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Its only described species C. viridiaurea is found from Peru to Brazil.
 The Purple-Backed Thornbill (Ramphomicron microrhynchum) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Lignyoptera fumidaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern Austria Hungary Bulgaria and eastern Russia.The wingspan is 27–30 mm for males. Females have reduced wings. Adults are on wing from October to December.In captivity the larvae have been recorded feeding on Achillea millerfolium Galatella linosyris Centaurea scabiosa Salvia pratensis Plantago and Inula species. The species overwinters as an egg.
 The poachers are a family (Agonidae) of small bottom-dwelling cold-water marine fish. They are also known as alligatorfishes starsnouts hooknoses and rockheads. Poachers are notable for having elongated bodies covered by scales modified into bony plates and for using their large pectoral fins to move in short bursts.
 Trigonopterus is a genus of flightless weevils placed in the Cryptorhynchinae of Curculionidae. It is distributed in the area between Sumatra Samoa the Philippines and New Caledonia.
 Eutoxeres is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. The genus contains the following species: White-tipped Sicklebill (Eutoxeres aquila) Buff-tailed Sicklebill (Eutoxeres condamini) Derek Murray
 Agnippe echinulata is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in China (Shaanxi Shanxi).The wingspan is 8–9 mm. The forewings have a black basal patch and two black subtriangular spots fused near the costal margin. The posterior half of the forewings is white. The hindwings are light grey. Adults are on wing from the end of June to August.
 Nesoryzomys fernandinae also known as the Fernandina Nesoryzomys Fernandina Rice Rat or Fernandina Galápagos Mouse is a species of rodent in the genus Nesoryzomys of family Cricetidae. It is found only on Fernandina in the Galápagos Islands (part of Ecuador) which it shares with N. indefessus narboroughi. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. The conservation status of this endemic species continues to be investigated.
 Cadlinella hirsuta is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Cytaea nausori is a species of jumping spider.
 Strongylognathus alboini is a species of insect in family Formicidae that is endemic to Italy.
 Scabrotrophon lani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Parrotlets are a group of the smallest New World parrot species comprising several genera namely Forpus Nannopsittaca and Touit. With a stocky build and short tails parrotlets are endemic to Middle and South America.These miniature parrots in the wild travel in flocks which depending on the species can range from as low as four to over 100 birds. Most species travel in flocks of about 5–40.
 Box jellyfish (class Cubozoa) are cnidarian invertebrates distinguished by their cube-shaped medusae. Some species of box jellyfish produce extremely potent venom: Chironex fleckeri Carukia barnesi and Malo kingi are among the most venomous creatures in the world. Stings from these and a few other species in the class are extremely painful and sometimes fatal to humans.
 Charaphloeus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Charaphloeus adustus LeConte Charaphloeus alticola Sharp Charaphloeus amulae Sharp Charaphloeus annectens Sharp Charaphloeus bituberculatus Reitter Charaphloeus carabinus Sharp Charaphloeus celatus Sharp Charaphloeus clavicornis Sharp Charaphloeus convexulus LeConte Charaphloeus convexus Grouvelle Charaphloeus corporalis Sharp Charaphloeus dimidiatus Schaeffer Charaphloeus distans Sharp Charaphloeus flavescens Sharp Charaphloeus flavosignatus Schaeffer Charaphloeus frequens Sharp Charaphloeus guatemalenus Sharp Charaphloeus insolitus Sharp Charaphloeus inustus Sharp Charaphloeus optatus Sharp Charaphloeus striatus Sharp↑
 Antarctodon is an extinct genus of meridiungulatan mammal from the early Eocene (late Ypresian age). It is a basal astrapotherian which lived in what is now Seymour Island Antarctic Peninsula. The holotype and only specimen MLP 08-XI-30-1 an isolated right p4 or m1 was found in the La Meseta Formation in Cucullaea I Allomember West Antarctica. It was first named by Mariano Bond Alejandro Kramarz Ross D. E. MacPhee and Marcelo Reguero in 2011 and the type species is Antarctodon sobrali.
 Mota is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Blondelia nigripes is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Prunum gijon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Ankylomyrma is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Ankylomyrma coronacantha. It is the sole member of the tribe Ankylomyrmini.
 The Cabbage Whitefly (Aleyrodes proletella) is a species of whitefly from the Aleyrodidae family. It has a global distribution.Adults are 15 mm in length. They have white wings with four gray spots. The wings are white due to a powdery wax. The head and thorax are dark while the underside is yellow and also covered with a layer of wax. The eyes are red.The species is a pest on various Brassica species (mainly Brussels sprout and Kale) and Fragaria.
 Epinephelus merra commonly called Honeycomb grouper or Dwarf spotted rockcod among various other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.
 Beltanodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Triassic period.
 Forsterygion is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae.
 Cosmardia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Chlamydogobius gloveri the Dalhousie goby is a species of goby endemic to Australia where it lives in the Dalhousie Springs. It feeds on small mollusks crustaceans and other odds and ends like most other gobies. This species can reach a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Lestes pallidus is a species of damselfly in family Lestidae. It is found in Botswana Chad Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea-Bissau Kenya Malawi Mali Mauritania Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Laimosemion is a genus of rivulines formerly included in Rivulus but separated by W. J. E. M. Costa in 2011.
 Babelomurex hirasei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pseudotelphusa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae. It consists of the following species:Pseudotelphusa decuriellaPseudotelphusa istrellaPseudotelphusa paripunctellaPseudotelphusa scalellaPseudotelphusa tessella
 Excelebration (foaled 13 April 2008) is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. As a three-year-old he recorded wins in the Mehl-Mülhens-Rennen and Hungerford Stakes before winning his first Group 1 in the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp. After finishing second to the unbeaten Frankel in his first two starts of 2012 he recorded successive victories in the Prix Jacques Le Marois and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
 Limonophila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Scotopteryx.
 Elachista gerasimovi is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Uzbekistan.The wingspan is 9 millimetres (0.35 in) for females. The forewings are dark brown with a bronze lustre and golden shining marks. The hindwings are greyish brown but paler in the basal part.
 The genus Cenoceras is a member of the Nautilidae which in turn makes up part of the superfamily Nautilaceae.Cenoceras is variable in form depending on species; ranges from evolute to involute compressed lenticular to globose with rounded to flattened venter and flanks. The suture generally has shallow ventral and lateral lobes.
 Eois cancellata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-eastern Peru.
 Arbasera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Worthenia is a genus of fossil sea snails an extinct marine gastropod genus found in the fossil record. This genus is primarily found in rocks formed during the Devonian to Triassic periods (416 million to 200 million years ago) from the central areas of North America. Worthenia species have a turban-shaped shell in which a raised ridge follows the margin of the whorls. Small nodes occur along the ridge and the opening of the shell is oval and large.
 Pseudomiza aurata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and China.The wingspan is 38–57 mm (1.5–2.2 in).
 Cosmopterix eukelade is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Plesiocochylis is a genus of moths in the Tortricidae family. It is consists of only one species Plesiocochylis gnathosia which is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with weak ferruginous suffusions and diffuse spots. The hindwings are cream in the apical area tinged with pale ochreous.
 Marshallena is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Eurytides bellerophon is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in south-eastern Brazil (Minas Gerais São Paulo and from Santa Catarina to Mato Grosso) Bolivia (Pando and Mapiri) and northern Argentina (Misiones).The larvae feed on Guatteria nigrescens.
 Oncorhynchus is a genus of fish in the family Salmonidae; it contains the Pacific salmon and Pacific trout. The name of the genus is derived from the Greek onkos (hook) and rynchos (nose) in reference to the hooked jaws of males in the mating season (the kype).
 Oriens goloides commonly known as the Common Dartlet is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 Saurita vindonissa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Severtzov's Jerboa (Allactaga severtzovi) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family.It is found in Kazakhstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Asymphorodes sericeus is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Margovula anulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Clinotarsus is genus of Ranid frogs containing at least two species. This genus was originally part of Rana. Members of this genus are found in India and Southeast Asia.
 The Slender shortfaced eel (Panturichthys longus) is an eel in the family Heterenchelyidae (mud eels). It was described by Ernst Ehrenbaum in 1915 originally under the genus Heterenchelys. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from Benin to Angola in the Gulf of Guinea in the eastern Atlantic Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 149 centimetres.
 Cystiscus pardus is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Ogasawarana optima is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae the helicinids.
 Aelurosauroides is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Traccatichthys is a genus of stone loaches.
 Eupholus magnificus is a species of beetles belonging to the family Curculionidae.
 Cardamyla is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Australia.
 Adelptes is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Adelptes clavipalpis Franciscolo 1965 Adelptes vadoni ↑
 Paratrypauchen microcephalus the Comb goby is a species of goby native to marine and brackish waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species occurs mostly on muddy substrates near mangrove forests. This species grows to a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) TL. This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Mediterranean pine vole (Microtus duodecimcostatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in France Andorra Portugal and Spain where it lives in a network of shallow tunnels.
 Pheidole ragnax is a species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Shargacucullia blattariae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-eastern Europe the Near East Israel and Jordan.Adults are on wing from April to May. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Scrophularia species including Scrophularia canina.
 The Citico darter (Etheostoma sitikuense) is a threatened species of darter native to Tennessee. This species was formerly subsumed withing Etheostoma percnurum or the duskytail darter. The E. percnurum group now consists of four distinct species: E. percnurum E. marmorpinnum E. lemniscatum and E. sitikuense.
 Thalassothemis marchali is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is endemic to Mauritius. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is the only species in its genus.
 Pseudorinympha is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Dendrobranchiata is a suborder of decapod crustaceans variously called shrimp or prawns. There are 540 extant species in seven families and a fossil record extending back to the Devonian. They differ from related animals such as Caridea and Stenopodidea by the branching form of the gills and by the fact that they do not brood their eggs but release them directly into the water.
 Vadenia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Meyerius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Meniscolophus is an extinct genus of Diprotodontia.
 Heuglin's Wheatear (Oenanthe heuglini) is a small passerine bird in the wheatear genus Oenanthe. It occurs in a band across Africa to the south of the Sahara. It was formerly classified as a subspecies of Red-breasted Wheatear (O. bottae) of the Ethiopian Highlands and Arabia but is now usually regarded as a separate species. Its name honours the German explorer and ornithologist Theodor von Heuglin.It is 13-14 centimetres long.
 Corythoxestis yaeyamensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Japan (the Ryukyu Islands).The wingspan is 3.8-4.9 mm.The hostplant for the species is Saurauia tristyla. They mine the leaves of their host plant. It is a purely upper epidermal miner of leaves in the larval stage and is pupated within a pupal chamber made inside the mine. Themine is linear very long irregularly curved sometimes serpentine andtransparently whitish in appearance without any trace of frass.
 Telurips dubius is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 15-17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish with brownish suffusions veins and strigulation. The markings are brown. The hindwings are dirty cream mixed with pale brownish posteriorly.
 Valcouroceras is the type genus for the Valcouroceratidae a family in the nautiloid order Oncocerida named by Rousseau Flower 1943 named for Valcour Island in Lake Champlain between New York state and Vermont where it was first discovered.The shell of Valcouroceras is strongly curved more so than in Minganoceras] with the lower or ventral side on the outside curve. The body or living chamber is gibbous broader near the middle than at the ends.
 American barbets family Capitonidae are near passerine birds of the order Piciformes which inhabit humid forests in Central and South America. They are closely related to the toucans. The American barbets are plump birds with short necks and large heads. They get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills. Most species are brightly coloured and live in tropical forest.American barbets are mostly arboreal birds which nest in tree holes dug by breeding pairs laying 2-4 eggs.
 Verilus sordidus is a species of temperate ocean-bass native to the central western Atlantic Ocean. It is found in the waters off Cuba to Colombia and Venezuela where it is found at depths shallower than 100 metres (330 ft) over rocky bottoms. This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL though most do not exceed 20 centimetres (7.9 in). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Fusinus marisinicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Boeseman's rainbowfish (Melanotaenia boesemani) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is also known as the Boesemani rainbowfish. It is endemic to the Ayamaru Lakes and their tributaries in a mountainous region of the Bird's Head Peninsula West Papua Indonesia.It is also available in the aquarium hobby where it is prized for its excellent colors and peaceful demeanor.
 Dawkinsia assimilis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Dawkinsia.
 The Galapagos catshark (Bythaelurus giddingsi) is a species of catshark from the Galapagos Islands. The species was first described in 2012. The Galapagos catshark is about a foot long and it is colored brown with light spots.
 Euryscelis suturalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Euryscelis.
 Thyrgis basipunctata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1926. It is found in Peru.
 Macarostola eugeniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Madagascar and Mauritius.The larvae feed on Eugenia cumini and Eugenia jambolana. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Floridichthys is a genus of pupfishes native to the southeastern United States Mexico and northern Central America.
 Microvoluta amphissa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Grenada Tree Anole (Anolis richardii) is a species of anole lizard that is found in the Caribbean. It is native to Grenada and the Grenadines islands and it has been introduced to Tobago.It is large for an anole with males reaching a maximum length of 140 mm snout-to-vent. It has a dark green or brown dorsal surface with a green-gray to yellow ventral surface. Its dewlap is orange yellow or gray-green. Females and juveniles often have a yellow or cream-colored lateral stripe.
 Pelagodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bucculatrix damarana is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Mey in 2004. It is found in Namibia.
 Clarias nigricans is a species of clariid catfish. It is only known from the Mahakam River in eastern Borneo. The eel-like catfish of this region were long assumed to belong to the widespread species Clarias nieuhofii but examination of 6 specimens purchased from a fish market in Samarinda in 1999 and preserved specimens from the same location revealed consistent and distinctive differences indicating a separate species.This is an elongated catfish up to 30.8 cm (12.1 inches) standard length.
 Parosphromenus is a genus of gouramies native to Southeast Asia with these currently recognized species: Parosphromenus alfredi Kottelat & P. K. L. Ng 2005 Parosphromenus allani B. Brown 1987 Parosphromenus anjunganensis Kottelat 1991 Parosphromenus bintan Kottelat & P. K. L. Ng 1998 Parosphromenus deissneri (Bleeker 1859) (licorice gourami) Parosphromenus filamentosus Vierke 1981 (spiketail gourami) Parosphromenus gunawani I. Schindler & Linke 2012 Parosphromenus harveyi B.
 Walterella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Microcorsini are a tribe of tortrix moths.
 Loxophlebia schrollei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jörgensen in 1935. It is found in Paraguay.
 Eugnosta californica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Baja California Norte).
 Thor amboinensis commonly known as the squat shrimp or sexy shrimp is a species of shrimp found across the Indo-West Pacific and in parts of the Atlantic Ocean. It lives symbiotically on corals sea anemones and other marine invertebrates in shallow reef communities.
 The Mealy Amazon or Mealy Parrot (Amazona farinosa) is among the largest parrots in the Amazona genus the Amazon parrots. It is a mainly green parrot with a total length of 38–41 cm (15–16 in). It is endemic to tropical Central and South America.
 Pseudorthocerida are generally straight longiconic nautiloids with a subcentral to marginal cyrtochoanitic siphuncle composed of variably expanded segments which may contain internal deposits that may develop into a continuous parietal lining.(Sweet 1964). Cameral deposits are common and concentrated ventrally.
 The spiny-knee leaf frog Phrynomedusa fimbriata is a presumably extinct species of frog in the Hylidae family. While it might still exist having only been found once in the 1920s it has not been found in recent searches.It was presumably endemic to Brazil where the only known population was discovered near Paranapiacaba in the state of São Paulo.
 The Tree Martin (Petrochelidon nigricans) is a member of the swallow family of passerine birds. It breeds in Australia mostly south of latitude 20°S and in Timor. It is migratory wintering through most of Australia New Guinea Indonesia east of the Wallace Line and the Solomon Islands. It is a vagrant to New Zealand where it has bred and New Caledonia.
 Rectipalpula billeti is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in northern India Vietnam Thailand Sundaland and Sulawesi.
 Caribachlamys is a genus of molluscs in the family Pectinidae.
 Chrysso is a spider genus that mostly occurs in the Americas and Asia. C. pulcherrima is pantropical C. nordica occurs from Hungary to Mongolia and in North America and C. spiniventris has been intruced in Europe.The females are about 9 mm long the hairs on the tip of the abdomen are blade-like. Many species are strikingly colored but as in most theridiids the coloration is variable. C.
 Madoryx plutonius is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Surinam Venezuela French Guiana Ecuador Peru Bolivia Brazil Argentina Paraguay Costa Rica and Guatemala. It is probably also present in Panama Colombia and Guyana. Subspecies dentatus is found in Mexico and Belize.The wingspan is 92-120 mm. It differs from all other Madoryx species in the acute forewing apex.
 Monopis weaverella is a species of moth in the Tineidae family. It is found in most of Europe and North America.The wingspan is 13–18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae are scavengers on animal carcasses and faeces.
 Exerodonta melanomma is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oamaruia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Lophocampa margona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Mexico.
 Tmetolophota semivittata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Prethopalpus marionae is a litter-dwelling Goblin Spider in the family Oonopidae.
 Eurrhyparodes tricoloralis is a moth of the Crambidae family.It occurs in Africa Seychelles Chagos Archipelago Réunion Australia India Japan and Hong Kong.It has been displayed on a 30c stamp of the Cocos Keeling Islands in 1982.
 Ahamitermes is a genus of termites in the family Termitidae containing four species all of which have a parasitic relationship with termites in the genus Coptotermes. The host and the parasite dwell in separate parts of the mound nest and are mutually antagonistic. The Ahamitermes live in the innermost parts of the nest and feed on the carton material with which the galleries are lined which consists of soil particles chewed wood and cellulose bound together with saliva and faeces.
 Cosmopterix magophila is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from the United States (North Carolina Arkansas and Michigan) and the Dominican Republic.Adults have been recorded in May August and September.
 Caloptilia garcinicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Guangxi).The larvae feed on Garcinia tinctoria. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Zodarion gracilitibiale is a spider species found in France.
 Cleora atriclava is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from northern Madagascar.It has a wingspan between 34-40mm.
 Eilema pseudoluteola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Ctenosaura defensor commonly known as the Yucatán spiny-tailed iguana is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Curviceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Ectoedemia olvina is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1984. It is known from the Russian Far East and Japan.The larvae feed on Acer mono.
 Kallidecthes is an extinct genus of crustacean.
 Porcellana sayana is a species of porcelain crab that lives in the western Atlantic Ocean often as a commensal of hermit crabs. It is red with white spots and has a characteristic bulge behind each claw.
 Prepona pylene the Narrow-banded Shoemaker is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Hewitson in 1853. It is found throughout the Amazonian region from Honduras to Paraguay. The habitat consists of rainforests at altitudes between 400 and 1000 meters.
 Eugraphosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Eugraphosia rubrizonea which is found in Peru.
 Phalonidia melanothicta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Anhui Fujian Guangxi Guizhou Hubei Hunan Jiangxi Ningxia Sichuan Yunnan Zhejiang) and Japan.The wingspan is 8.5−13 mm.
 Eudoliche vittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Surinam and the Amazon region.
 Pseudoplatystoma tigrinum the tiger sorubim is a species of long-whiskered catfish native to the Orinoco and Amazon Basins. This species grows to 130 cm (51 in) in total length.
 The large-eared sheath-tailed bat (Emballonura dianae) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lumbriculus japonicus is an oligochaete originally described by Yamaguchi in 1936 from locations on Hokkaidō. It is distinguished from other species mainly by the location of the genital elements which are positioned two segments posteriorly to their position in L. variegatus.
 The subfamily Cacatuinae consists of two tribes the Microglossini with one species (Palm Cockatoo) and the Cacatuini with four genera: Callocephalon Eolophus Lophochroa and Cacatua.
 Troglohyphantes spinipes one of several species sometimes referred to as the Kočevje subterranean spider is a species of spider in the Linyphiidae family. It is endemic to Slovenia.
 Ernstia sagamiana is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Ernstia from Japan.
 Chlaenius purpuricollis is a species of ground beetle in the large and diverse genus Chlaenius.
 Pentanodes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pentanodes albofasciatus Fisher 1932 Pentanodes dietzii Schaeffer 1904↑
 †Paraprosostenia is a fossil genus of prehistoric freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.
 Turris normandavidsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Mordellistena eludens is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae and is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1999 by Allen and can only be found in British Isles.
 Dodekablennos fraseri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean around Réunion and Mauritius. This species is a resident of tide pools where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 2 metres (0.0 to 6.6 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Euthera tentatrix is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Cophixalus tetzlaffi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Onoba josae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The North American river otter (Lontra canadensis) also known as the northern river otter or the common otter is a semiaquatic mammal endemic to the North American continent found in and along its waterways and coasts. An adult river otter can weigh between 5.0 and 14 kg (11.0 and 30.9 lb). The river otter is protected and insulated by a thick water-repellent coat of fur.The river otter a member of the weasel family is equally versatile in the water and on land.
 The Wattled Guan (Aburria aburri) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is a fairly large black cracid with blue-based black-tipped beak and a long red-and-yellow wattle. It is 1190-1550 grams (2.6-3.4 lbs) and is 72.5-77.5 cm long (29–31 in) long.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Mesoscia is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Merrifieldia probolias is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in the Tunisia.
 The Grey Kestrel (Falco ardosiaceus) is an African bird of prey belonging to the falcon family Falconidae. Its closest relatives are the Banded Kestrel and Dickinson's Kestrel and the three are sometimes placed in the subgenus Dissodectes.
 Acalyptris lesbia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Skala Kallonis on Lesbos in Greece.The wingspan is 4-4.8 mm.The larvae feed on Limonium gmelinii. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a full-depth gallery starting much contorted often spirally later becoming a full-depth mine with a narrow broken brown frass line following a straighter coursethrough the leaf. The larval exit hole is located on the upperside of the leaf.
 Novopsocus is a genus in the Pseudocaeciliidae family with until 2008 one described species endemic to New Guinea. It was later found that the specimens of two different species (one of which undescribed) had been mixed and an individual of a third species was found. The genus is characterised by a flat head with a sharp vertex narrow strap-like wings and antennae with a broad flattened first flagellar segment in the males of two species.
 Gomphus diminutus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Macroptila rotundata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1916. It is found in Colombia.
 Lepidochrysops nyika is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Malawi and Zambia.Adults have been recorded on wing in September and October.
 Platyla polita is a species of very small land snail with an operculum a terrestrialgastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Aciculidae.
 Eucosmabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Dickcissel (Spiza americana) is a small American seed-eating bird in the family Cardinalidae. It is the only member of the genus Spiza though some sources list another supposedly extinct species (see below). In older works it is often placed with the American sparrows in the Emberizidae; females especially resemble American sparrows in plumage.
 Eospilarctia nehallenia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan and China.The wingspan is 46-51 mm.
 Cosmoclostis brachybela is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Herculia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. The genus is mostly treated as a synonym of Hypsopygia. If considered valid some species previously placed here are now in Dolichomia and Ocrasa which in turn are also mostly merged in Hypsopygia. O. fulvocilialis is sometimes still placed in the present genus.
 Triphoroidea is a superfamily of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs or micromollusks within the informal group Ptenoglossa.
 Aegoidus calligrammus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Gnathostoma hispidum is a nematode (roundworm) that infects many vertebrate animals including humans. Infection of Gnathostoma hispidum like many species of Gnathostoma causes the disease gnathostomiasis due to the migration of immature worms in the tissues.
 Apagobelus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 The Pale Grass Blue (Pseudozizeeria maha) is a small butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Xaniopyramis is an extinct genus of xiphosuran related to the modern horseshoe crab. It lived in the early Carboniferous.
 Pratylenchus zeae is a plant-pathogenic nematode.
 Alucita illuminatrix is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 Epicopeia is a genus of moth in the Epicopeiidae family. The species in this genus mimic butterflies of the agehana-group in the Papilio genus and Atrophaneura alcinous
 Mordellistena irritans is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1991 by Franciscolo.
 Namibicola splendida is a species of snout moths in the genus Namibicola. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from Namibia (including Luederitz the type location) and South Africa.
 Scopula dohertyi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern Sulawesi.
 Glipa uenoi is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1986.
 Pseudocollix kawamurai is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.The larvae feed on Maesa japonica.
 Ontocetus is an extinct genus of walrus an aquatic carnivoran of the family Odobenidae endemic to coastal regions of the southern North Sea and the southeastern coastal regions of the U.S. during the Miocene-Pleistocene. It lived from 13.6 mya—300000 years ago existing for approximately 13.3 million years.
 Harpograptis is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The Latin word Cranopsis has been used to name animal genera of frogs mollusks and crustaceans. Cranopsis (Cope 1875) was used for an anuran and is a junior homonym of Cranopsis (Adams 1860) for a mollusk; and Cranopsis (Dall 1871) for a branchiopod. Cranopsis currently describes a mollusk in the family FissurellidaeThe name was very briefly resurrected for a subgroup of toads (Bufo) by Frost et al. (2006a). However Frost et al.
 Melittommopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Lymexylidae containing the following species: Melittommopsis abdominale Pic 1936 Melittommopsis juquiensis Lane 1955 Melittommopsis nigra Lane 1955 Melittommopsis ruficolle (Pic 1936) Melittommopsis validum (Schenkling 1914)↑
 Bolbites is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Ocinebrina paddeui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Emphylica is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coralliophila xenophila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eilema saitonis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Bovichtus is a genus of thornfishes.
 Japygellus is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 The southeastern blueberry bee Habropoda laboriosa is a native bee in the family Apidae in the United States. It is regarded as the most efficient pollinator of southern rabbiteye blueberries as the flowers require buzz pollination and H. laboriosa is one of the few bees that exhibit this behavior.
 Oxymycterus is the genus of hocicudos. They are rat-like animals endemic to South America.Species listing:O. akodontius Argentine HocicudoO. amazonicus Amazon HocicudoO. angularis Angular HocicudoO. caparaoe Caparao HocicudoO. dasytrichus Atlantic Forest HocicudoO. delator Spy HocicudoO. hiska Small HocicudoO. hispidus Hispid HocicudoO. hucucha Quechuan HocicudoO. inca Incan HocicudoO. josei Cook's HocicudoO. nasutus Long-nosed HocicudoO. paramensis Paramo HocicudoO.
 Ugandapithecus major is an extinct hominid primate of the disputed genus Ugandapithecus. Prior to 2000 it was known as Proconsul Major and some argue against the renaming.U. major is one of two large homonids that inhabited the region around Moroto Uganda the other being proconsul.
 The false cleanerfish (Aspidontus taeniatus) is a species of combtooth blenny a Batesian mimic that copies both the dance and appearance of Labroides dimidiatus a similarly colored species of cleaner wrasse. Likely mimicking the bluestreak cleaner wrasse to avoid predation as well to occasionally bite the fins of its victims rather than consume parasites. Most veiled attacks occur on juvenile fish as adults that have been attacked in the past may avoid or even attack A.
 Proutiella jordani is a moth of the Notodontidae family.
 Kleinella awaziensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Red-headed Bullfinch (Pyrrhula erythrocephala) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family found all across the Himalayas and adjacent highlands. It is found in Bhutan India Nepal Pakistan and Tibet. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Rharbichthys is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 Apistogramma agassizii is the scientific name for the Agassiz's dwarf cichlid a fish that occurres in many Southern tributaries of the Amazon river.
 Pholidichthys leucotaenia commonly known as the convict blenny/goby or the engineer blenny/goby is a marine fish from the west-central Pacific Ocean. It is neither a blenny nor a goby but is in fact one of two species in the family Pholidichthyidae.
 Diaptomus is a genus of copepods with a single eye spot. It is superficially similar in size and appearance to Cyclops. However it has characteristically very long first antennae that exceed the body length. In addition the females carry the eggs in a single sac rather than the twin sacs seen in Cyclops. It is a copepod of larger freshwater lakes and still waters.
 Thymistida is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Heterodera cruciferae is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Phloeostichidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 Batyle rufiventris is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Knull in 1928.
 Oscilla is a genus of very small sea snails minute marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae of the family Pyramidellidae. These marine gastropods have shells with intorted protoconchs.
 Bela fortis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.The name of this species is considered a nomen dubium.
 Exilioidea indica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 The Yellow Longbill (Macrosphenus flavicans) is a species of Old World warbler in the Macrosphenidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The kikambala nothobranch (Nothobranchius interruptus) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater marshes.
 Bascaneucosma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Martania is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is sometimes included in Perizoma.
 The Siberian Accentor (Prunella montanella) is a small passerine bird which breeds in northern Siberia on both sides of the Urals. It is migratory wintering in southeast Asia. It is a rare vagrant in western Europe.This is a Dunnock-sized bird 13-14.5 cm in length. It has a streaked reddish-brown back but adults have a brownish-black crown dark cheeks and a buff supercilium. The entire underside is yellowish rusty-buff.
 Homo ergaster (meaning working man) or African Homo erectus is an extinct chronospecies of Homo that lived in eastern and southern Africa during the early Pleistocene between 1.8 million and 1.3 million years ago.There is still disagreement on the subject of the classification ancestry and progeny of H.
 Antennablennius simonyi Simony's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean from the Gulf of Aden to the Persian Gulf.
 The corded purg scientific name Pyrgulopsis nevadensis is an extinct species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.Pyrgulopsis nevadensis is the type species of the genus Pyrgulopsis.
 Urtinotherium is a prehistoric genus of odd-toed ungulate. It is large animal that was closely related to Paraceratherium and is named after the Urtyn Obo formation of Inner Mongolia in which it was first discovered.
 Actaea is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species:
 Pentacomia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pentacomia biguttata (Dejean 1825) Pentacomia brasiliensis (Dejean 1825) Pentacomia brevipennis (W. Horn 1907) Pentacomia brzoskai Wiesner 1999 Pentacomia championi Bates 1881 Pentacomia chrysamma Bates 1872 Pentacomia conformis (Dejean 1831) Pentacomia cribrata (Brulle 1837) Pentacomia cupricollis (Kollar 1836) Pentacomia cupriventris (Reiche 1842) Pentacomia cyaneomarginata (W.
 Burtinia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Tegarpagon is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anarsia citromita is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Mozambique.
 The Chalchalero vizcacha rat (Salinoctomys loschalchalerosorum) is a species of caviomorph rodent in the family Octodontidae. It is monotypic within the genus Salinoctomys. The species is endemic to a small area of northwestern Argentina where it lives in shrublands bordering the salt flats of the Salinas Grandes. Its diet consists of halophyte plants.It is a medium-sized rat species. Their fur is dark brown on top and white below. The tail is relatively long and ends in a black tassel.
 Amara californica is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Synechodes royalis is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2004. It is found in Myanmar.
 Eusmilia is a genus of stony coral (Scleractinia) in the family Meandrinidae. It is a monotypic genus: the only species is Eusmilia fastigiata the smooth flower coral. It is found on reefs in the Caribbean area.
 Euchromia rubricollis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found on the New Hebrides and the Solomon Islands.
 Gloia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dikerogammarus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans containing the following species:Dikerogammarus aralychensis (Birstein 1932)Dikerogammarus batalonicus Ponyi 1955Dikerogammarus bispinosus Martynov 1925Dikerogammarus caspius (Pallas 1771)Dikerogammarus fluviatilis Martynov 1919Dikerogammarus gruberi Mateus & Mateus 1990Dikerogammarus haemobaphes (Eichwald 1841)Dikerogammarus istanbulensis Özbek & Özkan 2011Dikerogammarus oskari Birstein 1945Dikerogammarus villosus (Sowinsky 1894)↑ ↑
 Phyllonorycter oxygrapta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Suillia ustulata is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Chloraspilates is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hepialiscus robinsoni is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Cyanopepla ribbei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Panama.
 Ergalatax pauper is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Haplochromis cyaneus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Tanzanian part of Lake Victoria. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. This species grows to a length of 10.7 centimetres (4.2 in) SL.
 Oecomys bicolor also known as the White-bellied Oecomys or Bicolored Arboreal Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae. It has a wide distribution in Amazonia occurring in northwestern Brazil northern Bolivia eastern Peru eastern Ecuador eastern Colombia much of Venezuela Guyana Suriname and French Guiana and extends into eastern Panama but it may in fact contain more than one species.
 Plethodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Pyramidellinae is a taxonomic subfamily of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Miacis is a genus of extinct carnivorous mammals that appeared in the late Paleocene and continued through the Eocene. The genus Miacis is not monophyletic but a diverse collection of species that belong to the stemgroup within the Carnivoramorpha. As such most Miacis species belong to the group of early carnivores that represent the ancestors of the modern order the crown-group Carnivora.
 Tarachephia hueberi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Syria Iraq Iran the trans Caspian region Uzbekistan Turkmenistan Afghanistan and Israel.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from March to May.
 Gardena insperata is a thread-legged bug species from the genus Gardena. It is found in Tadjikistan and Afghanistan.
 Muricopsis (Muricopsis) ghisottii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Paranerita kennedyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Brazil.
 Brachmia infuscatella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on the Azores.
 The Sri Lanka Green Pigeon (Treron pompadora) is a pigeon in the genus Treron. It is found in the forests of Sri Lanka. Many authorities split the species from the Pompadour Green Pigeon complex.
 Callionymus flavus is a species of dragonet endemic to the Red Sea.
 Aplosonyx nigricollis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Chrysomelidae. It can be found in Malay Peninsula and in Indonesia (Nias Mentawai Islands Batu Islands).
 Ematurga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Clypeaster amplificatus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Clypeasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Clypeaster amplificatus was first scientifically described in 1922 by Koehler.
 Scorpaenopsis neglecta the Yellowfin scorpionfish is a scorpionfish from the Indo-West Pacific. The species are commonly found on the continental shelf and can grow up to a maximum length of 190 mm (7.48 in).
 Bertrando (February 18 1989 - March 27 2014) is an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. A tall colt who grew to 16 hands 2 inches Bertrando was bred by Ed Nahem at River Edge Farm in Buellton California. He was sired by Skywalker who won the 1986 Breeders' Cup Classic.Nahem began racing Bertrando in a three-way partnership with Marshall Naify's 505 Farms of Lexington Kentucky and Gus Headley son of the horse's trainer Bruce Headley.
 Diadegma mandschukuonum is a wasp first described by Uchida in 1942. It is a member of the genus Diadegma and family Ichneumonidae. No subspecies are listed.
 Hyposmocoma alliterata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii. This species is thought to range from the lowlands to the highlands where it is most abundant.The larvae feed amongst lichens on trees trunks of Acacia koa Aleurites moluccana Boehmeria Manihot glaziovii Prosopis and Sophora. Its larvae are at times common on the trunks of living trees.
 The Natricinae are a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes which comprises 28 genera. Members include many very common snake species such as the European grass snakes and the North American water snakes and garter snakes.
 Homaloptera menoni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homaloptera.
 Eupithecia serenata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia.
 Federov's catshark Apristurus fedorovi is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae. This shark has oviparous reproduction. This is a very poorly known species with less than 30 specimens reported in the scientific literature. Almost nothing is known of its biology. This species may be endemic to northern Japanese waters where it is taken in water around 1200 m deep.
 The long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus auritus) is a species of hedgehog native to Central Asian countries and some countries of the Middle East. The long-eared hedgehog lives in burrows that it either makes or finds and is distinguished by its long ears. It is considered one of the smallest middle eastern hedgehogs. This Hedgehog is insectivorous but may also feed on small vertebrates and plants.
 The Grey-and-white Tyrannulet (Pseudelaenia leucospodia) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Pseudelaenia.[citation needed] It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Imbros (1950–1972) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who set or equaled six track records including a new world record for seven furlongs in winning the 1954 Malibu Sequet Stakes at Santa Anita Park and equaled the world record for a mile and a sixteenth in winning the 1954 Californian Stakes at Hollywood Park Racetrack.
 Mussonena campbelli is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Lodderia is a genus of minute sea snails or micromolluscs marine gastropod molluscs in the family Skeneidae. This genus belonged previously to the family Liotiidae.
 Pseudophoxinus handlirschi with the common name ciçek is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is endemic to Lake Egirdir in Turkey. It is critically endangered due to predation by pikeperch which has been introduced to the lake.
 Paragrodiaetus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Elachista fuscibasella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Spain and Portugal.The wingspan is about 7.5 millimetres (0.30 in).
 The White-flanked Antwren (Myrmotherula axillaris) is a passerine bird in the antbird family.
 The Southern pygmy leatherjacket (Brachaluteres jacksonianus) is a filefish endemic to Australia found in temperate coastal waters and reefs from southern Queensland around to south-west Western Australia including Tasmania.
 The Ecuadorian Tyrannulet (Phylloscartes gualaquizae) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dinelops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Epitalara commixta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Derobrachus dohrni is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lameere in 1911.
 Plecodus is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika.
 Xyridacma ustaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to New Zealand.
 Pusillina diversa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Dissorophoideans are a clade of medium-sized temnospondyl amphibians that appeared during the Late Pennsylvanian in Euramerica and continued through to the Late Permian and even possibly the Early Triassic of Gondwana (if Micropholis belongs here). They are distinguished by various details of the skull and many forms seem to have been well adapted for life on land.
 Mellisuga is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It contains the following species: Vervain Hummingbird (Mellisuga minima) Bee Hummingbird (Mellisuga helenae)
 The white-lipped bright-eyed frog (Boophis albilabris) is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lorisidae (or sometimes Loridae) is a family of strepsirrhine primates. The lorisids are all slim arboreal animals and include the lorises pottos and angwantibos. Lorisids live in tropical central Africa as well as in south and southeast Asia.
 Rhipsideigma is a genus of beetles in the family Cupedidae. It contains four species.
 Toxorhamphus is a genus of bird in the Melanocharitidae family. They are commonly known as longbills and were once thought to be in the honeyeater family. The genus is endemic to the islands of New Guinea. It contains the following species: Yellow-bellied Longbill (Toxorhamphus novaeguineae) Slaty-headed Longbill (Toxorhamphus poliopterus)
 Callopepla inachia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil and Argentina.
 The New Zealand green-lipped mussel (Perna canalicula) also known as the New Zealand mussel the greenshell mussel kuku and kutai is a bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae the true mussels. P. canaliculus has great importance as a cultivated species in New Zealand. It is also known as the pink splasher in Tennessee.
 Setia kuiperi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Well Chief is a German-bred race horse who was trained in Britain by David Pipe and owned by David Johnson.
 Proacerella is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Homeographa lanceolella is a species of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is found in Peru.
 Petasida ephippigera (Leichhardt's grasshopper) is a pyrgomorph (gaudy grasshoppers) native to tropical northern Australia in the order Orthoptera. The species is named after Ludwig Leichhardt.It is bright orange with significant blue patches on its head and thorax and black or very dark blue dappled spots on its abdomen.
 Endynomena pradieri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Endynomena .
 Eleutherodactylus buccinator is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Brazil Peru and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Eupithecia landryi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the coastal valleys of the northern desert of Chile.The length of the forewings is about 5.9 mm for males. The fore- and hindwings are reddish brown with scattered dark brown scales. Adults have been recorded on wing in January.
 Tricypha obscura is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Espirito Santo).
 Digama budonga is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Fea's Tree Rat (Chiromyscus chiropus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Cataegis meroglypta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cataegidae.
 Astatotilapia flaviijosephi is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Israel and Syria. Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes and freshwater spring. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gymnobathra caliginosa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Philpott in 1927. It is found in New Zealand.
 In Lingerie (foaled in April 2009 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. She won three of her first four outings. The daughter of Empire Maker is known for posting a 1-1/2 length score over her stablemate Disposablepleasure in the mile and an eighth Grade II $300000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 18 2012.
 Opisthodon is a small genus of Limnodynastine frogs with only two species. Until a major revision in 2006 these two species were classified in the genus Limnodynastes but were removed to this resurrected genus to render monophyletic genera [1]. Both species are terrestrial and burrowing spend much times under ground particularly during drier periods. They inhabit a range of environments from arid areas to wet forest.
 Pterocerina hendeli is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae.
 Typhlops titanops is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Tegra novaehollandiae is a grasshopper native of tropical Asia.It has also been called Tegra karnya (Willemse 1933) Locusta novaehollandiae (Haan 1842) Tarphe novaehollandiae (Haan 1842) Tegra novae-hollandiae albostriata (de Jong) Tegra novae-hollandiae vittifemur (de Jong).
 The Broad-billed Parrot or Raven Parrot (Lophopsittacus mauritianus) is a large extinct parrot in the family Psittaculidae. It was endemic to the Mascarene island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar. It is unclear what other species it is most closely related to but it has been classified as a member of the tribe Psittaculini along with other Mascarene parrots.
 Gymnothorax afer is a moray eel found in the eastern Atlantic ocean from Mauritania to Cape Frio Namibia. It was first named by Marcus Elieser Bloch in 1795 and is commonly known as the dark moray.
 The Florida Leafwing Portia or Florida Goatweed Butterfly (Anaea troglodyta) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in extreme southern Florida and the Florida Keys.The wingspan is 76–90 millimetres (3.0–3.5 in). Adults are on wing from October to April (dry season form) and from May to October (wet season form).The larvae feed on Croton cascarilla.
 Aenictes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Glyphostoma thalassoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Pyrene obtusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Scopula rufigrisea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in central China.
 Monaga is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only species M. benigna occurs only in Panama.
 Dragonets are small perciform marine fish of the diverse family Callionymidae (from the Greek kallis beautiful and onyma name) found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific. They are benthic organisms spending most of their time near the sandy bottoms at a depth of roughly two hundred meters. There exist 139 species of the fish in nineteen genera.Due to similarities in morphology and behavior dragonets are sometimes confused with members of the goby family.
 The viscacha rat (Octomys mimax) or mountain viscacha rat is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae. It is endemic to Chile[citation needed] and Argentina.It is the only living species within the genus Octomys. This diploid genus (2n = 56) may be ancestral to the two unusual tetraploid species Tympanoctomys barrerae and Pipanacoctomys aureus.
 The blacklip abalone Haliotis rubra is a species of large edible sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.Subspecies Haliotis rubra conicopora Péron 1816 – the conical pore abalone; synonyms: Haliotis conicopora Péron 1816 (original combination) Haliotis cunninghami Gray 1826; Haliotis granti Pritchard & Gatliff 1902; Haliotis vixlirata Cotton 1943 Haliotis rubra rubra Leach 1814 the shield abalone; synonyms: Haliotis ancile Reeve 1846; Haliotis improbula Iredale 1924; Haliotis naevosa Philippi 1844; Haliotis ruber Leach 1814 (original combination); Haliotis whitehousei (Colman 1959); Sanhaliotis whitehousei Colman 1959↑ ↑
 Onithochiton neglectus neglectus is a subspecies of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
 Pipizella maculipennis is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 The Red-tailed Laughingthrush (Trochalopteron milnei) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in China Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 MacArthur's mouse lemur (Microcebus macarthurii) or Anjiahely mouse lemur is a species of mouse lemur known only from an Inter-River-System in the eastern Makira Natural Park in Madagascar.The species is named in honor of the founder of the MacArthur Foundation which financed the studies that included the discovery of this species.
 Microcolona is a genus of moths of the Elachistidae family.
 Phacochoerus is a genus of wild pigs in the Suidae family known as warthogs. It is the sole genus of subfamily Phacochoerinae. They are found in open and semiopen habitats even in quite arid regions in sub-Saharan Africa.
 Phalonidia lacistovalva is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish grey suffused and spotted with brownish grey except for the postmedian area along the distal edge of the median fascia where it is suffused with white. The hindwings are whitish spotted and tinged with pale brownish grey on the periphery.
 Paraplesiops is a genus containing five largely allopatric species of fishes in the longfin or roundhead family Plesiopidae commonly known as blue devils bluedevils or blue devilfish because of their colouration. The genus is most similar to the tropical genera Plesiops and Fraudella. It is restricted to subtropical and temperate rocky and coral reefs in Australian waters. Its species are mostly cryptic occurring in submarine caves crevices and under rocky ledges.
 Orchipedum is a flatworm genus in the family Orchipedidae.
 Phassodes is a monotypic moth genus of the family Hepialidae. The only species is considered to be P. vitiensis which is found in Fiji and possibly Samoa. It is very variable and in the past the genus has been split into up to seven species. The life cycle is unknown but the larva is presumed to feed underground on the roots of plants or decaying matter.
 Scopula mecysma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Himalaya Taiwan Thailand and on Borneo Java Bali Sulawesi and New Guinea. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 The White-capped Tanager (Sericossypha albocristata) At a weight of 114 g (4 oz) and a length of 24 cm (9.5 in) it is the heaviest but not the longest species of tanager. This species is glossy black overall with a large white crown and a red throat (which is brightest in adult males). It occurs in Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru at elevations of 1600–3200 m. It lives in humid forest in groups of up to 20 individuals.
 Perisama is a brush-footed butterfly genus found in the Neotropical Ecozone ranging from Colombia and Venezula to Argentina.
 The Borroloola Dtella (Gehyra borroloola) is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra.
 Amblyseius aricae is a species of mite in the Phytoseiidae family. It was described by Karg in 1976.
 Ancylodes dealbatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylodes. It was described by Erschoff in 1874 and is known from Turkmenistan Iraq Libya Spain and Russia.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Platymantis pseudodorsalis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Koloonella anabathron common name the platform pyramid-shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Rhinella chavin is a species of toad from Bufonidae family that is endemic to Peru. It is listed as a critical endangered species due to a restricted range caused by habitat loss and water pollution. It lives in altitudes of 2600–3000 metres (8500–9800 ft).
 The Banded Lineblue (Prosotas aluta) is a species of blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Chersotis oreina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Western Alps (France Switzerland and Italy) and in Pyrenees (Spain) at about 2000 m. a.s.l. It is very similar to Chersotis alpestris but this species has no tuft of black hair at the base of the abdomen and the upper dots on the wings are elliptical or rectangular while in C. alpestris they are round. The wingspan is about 30 mm. The moth flies from July to September.
 Cophixalus montanus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Liobba biloba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Friedlanderia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Rhabdotis aulica known as the emerald fruit chafer is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family and is found in Africa. Adult beetles which are about 25 millimetres (0.98 in) long feed on flowers and fruit laying their eggs in goat and cattle manure. The pupae develop inside egg-shaped protective clay shells.
 Sander volgensis the Volga pikeperch or Volga zander is a species of fish in the perch family Percidae. It is found in Austria Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Hungary Moldova Romania Russia Serbia Montenegro Slovakia and Ukraine.
 Synemon wulwulam is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia and the Northern Territory and Queensland.Adults have pale brown forewings with a dark brown base margin and cell on top and orange and brown underneath. The hindwings are dark brown often with a marginal arc of orange spots on top but plain brown underneath.The larvae probably feed on the roots of Chrysopogon fallax.
 Beddomeia phasianella is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Aethes margarotana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland the Benelux Fennoscandia Poland the Baltic region Switzerland and part of the Balkan Peninsula) Russia North Africa and Iran. The habitat consists of sand-dunes and shingle beaches.The wingspan is 13–17 mm.The larvae feed on the flowers of Eryngium maritimum.
 Platydoras costatus the Raphael catfish is a species of thorny catfish of the genus Platydoras widespread throughout northern South America down to Argentina. Although long thought to be the striped raphael catfish this is not the case; the striped raphael catfish is actually Platydoras armatulus. This species grows to a length of 24.0 centimetres (9.4 in) SL. This fish is a minor component of local fisheries and is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Asemum australe is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1850.
 The Himalayan Cuckoo (Cuculus saturatus) is a species of cuckoo in the genus Cuculus. It breeds from the Himalayas eastward to southern China and Taiwan. It migrates to southeast Asia and the Greater Sunda Islands for the winter.It was formerly known as Oriental Cuckoo and contained several subspecies found over most of Asia.
 Merlangius merlangus commonly known as whiting is an important food fish in the eastern North Atlantic Ocean and the northern Mediterranean western Baltic and Black Seas. In English-speaking countries outside the whiting's natural range the name has been applied to various other species of fish.
 Coleophora subnivea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Russia (the Caucasus).
 Turbo albofasciatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.Some authors place this genus in the subgenus Turbo (Marmarostoma).
 Neocalyptis ladakhana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Jammu and Kashmir).The wingspan is about 12 millimetres (0.47 in). The ground colour of the forewings is yellow-brown strigulated with brown. The markings are brown. The hindwings are pale grey-brown.
 Eupithecia poecilata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 Batrachedra concitata is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona New Mexico and Texas.The wingspan is about 16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from September to November.
 Dendrerpetontidae is a family of Temnospondyli.
 Eupanacra angulata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The forewing upperside is brown with darker brown margins. The prominent postmedian band continuous from the inner margin to the costa. There is a large irregular triangular area on the outer margin emphasized by darker scaling. The hindwing upperside is brown with a broad median band which is very diffuse on its proximal edge. There is blue scaling along the outer margin.
 Polyxenidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polyxenida containing approximately 47 species in 19 genera.
 Staphylinoidea is a superfamily of beetles. It is a very large and diverse group with worldwide distribution.
 Paregraphus krusemani is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paregraphus.
 Gunther's banded tree frog Hypsiboas fasciatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and possibly Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Gulaphallus is a genus of priapum fishes from the Philippines. They are mainly found in freshwater habitats but G. panayensis is from brackish and marine habitats.
 Orcanopterus is a genus of a eurypterid.
 The Siberian large-toothed shrew (Sorex daphaenodon) is a species of shrew. An adult Siberian large-toothed shrew has a weight of 4.6-6.0 grams and a body length of 5.5-6.4 centimeters with a tail of 2.4-3.75 centimeters. This species is found across Northeast Asia from Mongolia through northeastern China to the Russian Far East and the Paektusan region of North Korea.
 †Mautodontha parvidens was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Commatarcha palaeosema is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1932. It is found in Japan.
 Eupyra sarama is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1891. It is found in Venezuela.
 Ashibusa sinensis is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in China.
 Grewcock's sportive lemur (Lepilemur grewcockorum) or Anjiamangirana sportive lemur is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar. It is a medium-sized sportive lemurs with a total length of about 55 to 63 centimeters of which 26-30 centimeters are tail. Grewcock's sportive lemur is found in northwesetrn Madagascar living in dry deciduous forests.Originally named L. grewcocki the name was found to be incorrectly formed and was corrected to L.
 The Ashy Drongo (Dicrurus leucophaeus) is a species of bird in the drongo family Dicruridae. It is found widely distributed across South and Southeast Asia with several populations that vary in the shade of grey migration patterns and in the size or presence of a white patch around the eye.
 Pseudatteria cantharopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.The length of the forewings is 15–16 mm.
 Glyphipterix conosema is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
 Xeneretmus is a genus of poachers native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Adaina bernardi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Mexico.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The head is scaled and brown although it is cream while between the basal segments of the antennae. These are also cream white. The forewings are pale yellow-white with brown markings and grey fringes. The underside is brown. The hindwings are brown grey with grey fringes. The underside is brown.Adults have been recorded in July August and December.
 The Western Grasswren (Amytornis textilis) also referred to as the Thick-billed Grasswren (western subspecies) and formerly as the Textile Wren is a species of bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia. It was formerly lumped as the nominate subspecies of the Thick-billed Grasswren.
 Parafreutreta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Leptobarbus melanotaenia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus.
 Homoeosoma caradjellum is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Roesler in 1965. It is found in the Russian Far East.
 Euonyma laeocochlis is a species of an air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.Euonyma laeocochlis is the type species of the genus Euonyma.This species has not been collected since its original description in 1896. Herbert (2006) have rediscovered this species in South Africa in 2006.
 Sparganothina neoamoebaea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Jalisco).The length of the forewings is 5.8-6.3 mm for males and 6.5-7.3 mm for females. The forewings are silvery white with blackish-brown markings and dispersed dark-brown orange or cream-coloured scales. The hindwings are pale greyish brown with thin darker brown lines toward the apex.
 Halichoeres iridis is a species of wrasse native to the western Indian Ocean along the African coast and nearby islands. It can be found in areas of rubble and sand around reefs at depths from 6 to 43 m (20 to 141 ft). This species can reach 11.5 cm (4.5 in) in total length. It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Mary's Frog (Ingerana mariae) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Praeantarctia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Entmemacornis proselytes is a species of snout moth. It was described by Dyar in 1919. It is found in Guatemala.
 Linkage (born in 1979 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse he was the son of Hoist the Flag and grandson to Tom Rolfe. Linkage will be best remembered for winning the 1982 Blue Grass Stakes and placing second five weeks later in the $200000 grade 1 Preakness Stakes to Aloma's Ruler.
 Pelecorhynchus is a genus of flies from the family Pelecorhynchidae. The adults mostly feed on nectar of Leptospermum flowers. Larvae have been collected in the damp margins of swamp areas where they feed on earthworms.
 The Cyprus dwarf hippopotamus or Cypriot pygmy hippopotamus (Hippopotamus minor) is an extinct species of hippopotamus that inhabited the island of Cyprus until the early Holocene.The 200-kilogram (440-lb) Cyprus dwarf hippo was roughly the same size as the extant pygmy hippopotamus. Unlike the modern pygmy hippo the Cyprus dwarf became small through the process of insular dwarfism.
 Mexichromis multituberculata is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Ornate snake eel (Ophichthus regius) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John Richardson in 1848.
 Mitra tabanula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Pasiphilodes nina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Fiji.
 Phaedinus tricolor is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Dupont in 1834.
 Eumictoxenus leleupi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Eumictoxenus of the family Tephritidae.
 Oliva dubia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Palaeoscincus (meaning ancient skink from the Greek παλαιός and σκίγγος) is a dubious genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur based on teeth from the mid-late Campanian-age Upper Cretaceous Judith River Formation of Montana. Like several other dinosaur genera named by Joseph Leidy (Deinodon Thespesius and Trachodon) it is an historically important genus with a convoluted taxonomy that has been all but abandoned by modern dinosaur paleontologists.
 The Spurious sphinx (Cautethia spuria) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives from Mexico to Costa Rica to southern Texas and Oklahoma on the North American continent.The upperside of the forewing is pale silvery gray with black markings. In some individuals the wing base is very dark. The upperside of the hindwing is deep yellow with a black border that covers more than half the wing. There are multiple generations per year. Adults nectar at flowers.
 Syricoris tiedemanniana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1845. It is found in Scandinavia the Baltic region the Netherlands Germany Denmark Austria Poland and Russia.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Equisetum species including Equisetum palustre.
 Cassida leucanthemi is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found in Austria the Czech Republic France Italy (Liguria) Poland and Spain. The host plants are Asteraceae species including Leucanthemum vulgare Carduus argemose and Carduus obtusisquamosus. It also feeds on Caryophyllaceae species particularly Silene nutans.
 Thysanodonta diadema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The Golden-sided Euphonia (Euphonia cayennensis) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Bates' Asterope (Asterope batesii) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in inland Brazil including Ayeyros along the Tapajós and in Tefé on the Upper Amazon.The larvae feed on Paullinia species.
 Asura nubifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the north-western Himalayas.
 Tripteridia euthynsis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Amydria pauculella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Cerithiella danielsseni is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Friele in 1877.
 Homalodotherium is an extinct genus of the order Notoungulata an extinct group of hoofed mammals native to South America.Homalodotherium was about 2 metres (6.6 ft) in body length with a weight up to 300 kg and had long forelimbs with claws instead of hooves. It walked on the soles of its hind feet and the toes of its front feet which would have made the animal higher at the shoulder than at the hips when it walked on all fours.
 The Grey Butcherbird (Cracticus torquatus) is a widely distributed species endemic to Australia. The Grey Butcherbird occurs in a range of different habitats including arid semi-arid and temperate zones. It has a characteristic rollicking birdsong. It appears to be adapting well to city living and can be encountered in the suburbs of many Australian cities including Sydney and Brisbane.
 Homoeosoma lechriosema is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Turner in 1947. It is found in Australia.
 Hexachaeta nigriventris is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Psalidopus is a genus of shrimp placed in its own family Psalidopodidae and superfamily Psalidopodoidea. It comprises three species one in the western Atlantic Ocean and two in the Indo-Pacific.
 The Laughing Dove (Spilopelia senegalensis) is a small pigeon that is a resident breeder in Sub-Saharan Africa the Middle East east to the Indian Subcontinent. This small long-tailed dove is found in dry scrub and semi-desert habitats where pairs can often be seen feeding on the ground. A rufous and black chequered necklace gives it a distinctive pattern and is also easily distinguished from other doves by its call.
 Litoria chrisdahli is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Aztec Hill (foaled in February 1990 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. The daughter of Proud Truth is probably best remembered for posting a half length score as the favorite over Traverse City in the mile and an eighth Grade II $200000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 14 1993. That win was the first half of only the second Black-Eyed Susan/Preakness Stakes Double won in history by the same trainer and owner combo.
 Heterolocha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Zebra bullhead shark (Heterodontus zebra) is a bullhead shark of the family Heterodontidae found in the subtropical western Pacific Ocean between latitudes 40° N to 20° S at depths of between 50 and 200 m. Its length is up to 1.25 m. Reproduction is oviparous.
 Phyllophila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Euphaedra dargeana Darge’s Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and possibly the northern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Ormetica abdalsan is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Michaeliodes is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Roesler in 1969. It contains only one species Michaeliodes friesei which is found in Albania and Greece.
 The Sinoto's Lorikeet (Vini sinotoi) is a species of parrot that became extinct 700–1300 years ago. It was identified from fossils on the Marquesas Islands.The species epithet commemorates anthropologist Yosihiko H. Sinoto who collected the holotype in 1965.
 Globidrillia paucistriata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Inodrillia amblytera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae the turrids.
 The Philippine Sailfin Lizard Crested Lizard Sail-fin Lizard Sailfin Water Lizard or Soa-soa Water Lizard (Hydrosaurus pustulatus) is an oviparous lizard living only in the Philippines.The Philippine sailfin Lizard is an excellent swimmer and has flattened toes that enable it to run across water. It is omnivorous feeding on fruit leaves flowers insects and small animals . It lives near rivers in the tropical forests of the Philippines.
 Gymnothorax bathyphilus is a deepwater moray eel found in the south Pacific Ocean around Easter Island. It reaches a maximum length of about 76 centimetres. The type specimen was taken at a depth of 250 meters.
 Eilema bueana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Cameroon.
 The Hawaiian longfin anthias (Pseudanthias hawaiiensis) is a small colorful species of fish in the subfamily Anthiinae. It is often treated as a subspecies of P. ventralis but some authorities prefer to treat them as separate species. It is endemic to reefs at depths of 26–219 m (85–719 ft) in Hawaii and the Johnston Atoll.It reaches 10 cm (3.9 in) in length and is bright yellow orange red and purple.
 Bavarilla is an extinct genus of trilobite.
 The Spotted box turtle (Terrapene nelsoni) is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family. It is endemic to Sierra Madre Occidental in Mexico.
 Trichosterrha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Damias biakensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea (Pulau Biak).
 Lopholithodes is a genus of king crab. It includes Lopholithodes foraminatus (the brown box crab) and Lopholithodes mandtii the Puget Sound king crab.
 Hoshihananomia ussuriensis is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1970.
 Ocnogyna anatolica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Witt in 1980. It is found in Turkey.
 The gumboot chiton Cryptochiton stelleri also known as the Giant Western Firey Chiton is the largest of the chitons growing to 36 cm (14 in) and over 2000 grams. It is found along the shores of the northern Pacific Ocean from Central California to Alaska across the Aleutian Islands to the Kamchatka Peninsula and south to Japan.
 Papilio wilsoni is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Netechma enucleata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Andesobia flavata is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Peru. Only very few specimens are known and it is closely related to or conspecific with Andesobia boliviana. Externally the holotype of A. flavata differs from A. boliviana only in having a slightly broader and more diffuse forewing marginal band suggestive of minor intraspecific variation. However the genitalic structure of the holotype reveals slight differences compared to A. flavata.
 Acrocercops plebeia is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland Victoria and New South Wales.The larvae feed on Acacia implexa Acacia podalyriifolia Acacia prominens and Acacia rubida. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a large blotch mine.
 Mulloidichthys is a genus of goatfishes native to coral and rocky reefs of the tropical Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans. Six species are recognized in this genus. Twenty-six species of digenean parasites have been reported from these species.
 Hemigrapsus sexdentatus known as the common shore crab is a large-eyed marine crab of the family Grapsidae endemic to the coasts of New Zealand. However it is not found in the Chatham Islands or the southern islands. It can grow to around 40 millimetres (1.6 in) shell width.Rock crabs are known to feed on sea snails by crushing their shells through the use of a chela (a nipper or pincer-like appendage).
 Megalosphecia callosoma is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Zambia.
 Besla vaga is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods. The species is one of three species within the Besla genus to have a binomial name accepted by Laws C. R. in 1941 with the exception of the other two being Besla rossiana and Besla waitangiensis.
 Rhipidarctia flaviceps is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Nigeria and Togo.
 Anablemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Lambana.
 Scopula lydia is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Petrocephalus boboto is a species of electric fish in the genus Petrocephalus. It is native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Pholidophorus is an extinct genus of teleost fish from the Triassic and Jurassic periods of Africa Europe and South America. Pholidophorus was a herring-like fish about 40 centimetres (16 in) long although it was not closely related to modern herring. Like them however it had a single dorsal fin a symmetrical tail and an anal fin placed towards the rear of the body.
 The Lead-coloured Pug (Eupithecia plumbeolata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.The wingspan is 14–15 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on Melampyrum pratense.
 Epirrhoe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Epidesma aurimacola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Aethesoides inanita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Lepidochrysops arabicus the Arabian Giant Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Yemen. The habitat consists of rocky meadows at altitudes ranging from 1500 to 2800 meters.The length of the forewings is about 16 mm. The upperside of both wings is shining lavender-blue. The costa and outer margin are outlined in blackish-brown. There is a blackish-brown transverse line at the end of the cell on the forewings. The hindwings are tailed.
 Auchenionchus microcirrhis is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific waters off of Chile. It is a carnivorous species eating fish amphipods (juveniles) and decapods (adults). This species can reach 22.2 cm (8.7 in) in total length.
 Schizothorax microcephalus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Acrobasis legatea is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Haworth in 1811. It is found in most of Europe except the north east to Russia and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 19–25 mm. Adults are on wing from mid June to the beginning of September in one generation per year.The larvae feedson Rhamnus catharticus and Frangula alnus.
 The Spot-billed Ground Tyrant (Muscisaxicola maculirostris) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and pastureland.
 Venedictoffia karsholti is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Peru.
 Paralophia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Urosalpinx tampaensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Chain Swordtail (Graphium aristeus) is a butterfly in the family Papilionidae that is found in the Indomalaya ecozone. The Indian Subspecies anticrates is protected by law in India. It is found in Sikkim Bhutan Meghalaya West Bengal and Assam.
 Phoenicoprocta vacillans is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Colombia and Brazil (São Paulo Santa Catarina).
 Pentaceros is a genus of armorheads native to the Pacific Indian and eastern Atlantic oceans.
 The Vella Lavella White-eye Belted White-eye or Banded White-eye (Zosterops vellalavella) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gemmula closterion is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Mapeta xanthomelas is a species of snout moths and the type species in the genus Mapeta. It was described by Walker in 1863 and is known from Guatemala and Venezuela.
 Cerocala masaica is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Cirphis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Theretra tryoni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales.The wingspan is about 70 mm. Adults are plain brown with a few faint dark dots.The larvae feed on Alocasia macrorrhizos Colocasia esculenta and Zantedeschia aethiopica. Early instars are green with a pair of blue-green eyespots on each side of the front of the abdomen and a pale tail spike.
 The typical striped grass mouse (Lemniscomys striatus) is a small rodent of the suborder Myomorpha in the family Muridae.
 Faireno (foaled 1929 in Kentucky) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred and raced by William Woodward's Belair Stud. Out of the mare Minerva he was sired by Chatterton a son of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Fair Play who was also the sire of Man o' War.Faireno's race conditioning was the responsibility of Belair Stud's future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer Sunny Jim Fitzsimmons and his assistant George Tappen.
 Thumatha ochracea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East (Middle Amur Primorye) and Japan.
 Conus pseudaurantius is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Atteva pustulella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found from Costa Rica where it meets Atteva aurea southwards to Uruguay and Argentina. It is also present in the Antilles. There are also several reports from Dominica Jamaica Haiti and Martinique.The larvae feed only on new shoots of Simarouba amara.
 Statherotoxys is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Balneum is a genus of bush cricket in family Tettigoniidae subfamily Phaneropterinae.
 Pecari is a genus of mammals in the peccary family Tayassuidae. The genus was monotypic until the description of P. maximus in 2007 but the scientific evidence for its status as a species separate from P. tajacu has later been questioned.
 The gila trout (Oncorhynchus gilae) is a species of salmonid related to the rainbow and cutthroat trouts native to the Southwest United States. The Gila trout has been considered endangered with extinction. That changed in July 2006.
 Eupithecia pseudoicterata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran and Russia (the Caucasus).
 Setia amabilis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Cratoplastis barrosi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Amapa Brazil and Venezuela.
 Brookesia betschi commonly known as Blanc's leaf chameleon or the Marojejy leaf chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It was described by Édouard-Raoul Brygoo Patrick Blanc and Charles Antoine Domergue in 1974.
 Ecsenius lubbocki known commonly as the Lubbock's combtooth-blenny in Indonesia is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in coral reefs in Phuket Thailand in the eastern Indian ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 4 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 Atelopus ignescens is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers arable land and urban areas. It was believed to be the closest relative of the Carrikeri Harlequin Frog.
 Cupidesthes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Afrotropic ecozone. The genus Cupidesthes was erected by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1895.
 Acrocercops anthracuris is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Maharashtra India. The hostplant for the species is Pongamia pinnata.
 The Southern Birdwing (Troides minos) is a large and striking Swallowtail butterfly endemic to Peninsular India. With a wingspan of 140–190 mm it is the largest butterfly of India found in southern India.It was earlier considered a subspecies of the Common Birdwing (Troides helena) but is now recognised as a valid species.The species is more common in the Western Ghats which is a biodiversity hotspot with a high degree of endemism in many taxa.
 The Lower Andes tree frog Hypsiboas melanopleura is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Nascioides is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Nascioides bicolor Williams 1987 Nascioides caledonica Williams & Bellamy 2002 Nascioides carissima (Waterhouse 1882) Nascioides costata (Carter 1912) Nascioides elderi Williams 1987 Nascioides elessarella Williams 1987 Nascioides enysi (Sharp 1877) Nascioides falsomultesima Williams 1987 Nascioides macalpinei Williams 1987 Nascioides multesima (Olliff 1886) Nascioides munda (Olliff 1886) Nascioides nulgarra Williams 1987 Nascioides olliffi Williams & Watkins 1985 Nascioides parryi (Hope 1843) Nascioides pulcher (van de Poll 1886) Nascioides quadrinotata (van de Poll 1886) Nascioides storeyi Williams 1987 Nascioides subcostata Williams & Bellamy 2002 Nascioides tillyardi (Carter 1912) Nascioides viridis (Macleay 1872) Nascioides walfordorum Williams & Bellamy 2002↑
 Dibolia cynoglossi is a species of Chrysomelidae family that can be found nearly everywhere in Europe.
 Miomantis paykullii is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.The species is found in a number of African countries including Egypt Ivory Coast Ghana Uganda Senegal and Togo.It grows to an adult size of 3.5-4.5cm.
 Stigmella honshui is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Honshu in Japan.The larvae feed on Malus pumila. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Erieopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
 Celadonia is a genus of beetles in the family Callirhipidae. It was described by Laporte de Castelnau in 1840.
 Stigmella lacrimulae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from the western part of the Kopet Dag ridge in Turkmenistan.The length of the forewings is 3.6-3.8 mm for males and down to 3.2 mm for females. Adults are on wing from May to June.
 Fulgurofusus electra is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Scopula celebraria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern India.
 Euchromius gratiosella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain Italy Russia Algeria Turkey Iran Turkmenistan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tadzhikistan and Mongolia.The wingspan is 15–23 mm.
 Temnocyoninae an extinct subfamily of medium-sized carnivorous mammals within the family Amphicyonidae endemic to North America that lived during the Oligocene to Early Miocene approximately 30.3—20.6 mya existing approximately 9.7 million years.
 Stigmella nostrata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in the Amur and Primorye regions of Russia.The larvae feed on Pyrus ussuriensis. They probably mine the leaves of their host.
 Tuamotuichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the Pacific Ocean.
 The Nile perch (Lates niloticus) is a species of freshwaterfish in family Latidae of order Perciformes. It is widespread throughout much of the Afrotropic ecozone being native to the Congo Nile Senegal Niger and Lake Chad Volta Lake Turkana and other river basins. It also occurs in the brackish waters of Lake Maryut in Egypt. Originally described as Labrus niloticus among the marine wrasses the species has also been referred to as Centropomus niloticus.
 Eilema barbata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines.
 Oxychilus lentiformis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae the glass snails.
 Polygona bayeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Fusinus retiarius is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae.
 Icelita is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Calocidaris micans is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cidaridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Calocidaris micans was first scientifically described in 1903 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Microstelma is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoinidae.
 Kodiak Kowboy (foaled April 16 2005 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse owned by Vinery Stables and Fox Hill Farms and trained by Steve Asmussen. He was also trained by Larry Jones for part of his career. In 2007 he won a Sovereign Award as Canadian Champion 2-Year-Old Colt.Kodiak Kowboy is a multiple grade one winning horse and top class sprinter.
 Nyctochroa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Nyctochroa basiplaga which is found in Mexico.
 Conus thevenardensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Volutopsius castaneus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Ballabriggs (foaled 20 April 2001) is a retired Grand National-winning National Hunt racehorse trained by Donald McCain Jr. in Cholmondeley Cheshire and owned by Trevor Hemmings.
 The white-throated woodrat (Neotoma albigula) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found from central Mexico north to Utah and Colorado in the United States. It is primarily a western species in the United States extending from central Texas west to southeastern California.
 Ulidia melampodia is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Spilarctia leopoldi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Tams in 1935. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Afrabothris nigrita is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Afrabothris.
 Copelatus collarti is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Gschwendtner in 1932.
 Pseudatteria dictyanthes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Eristalini is a tribe of hoverflies. Several species are well-known honeybee mimics such as the drone fly Eristalis tenax while other genera such as Helophilus and Parhelophilus exhibit wasp-like patterns of yellow and black stripes both strategies to avoid predation by visual predators such as birds.They breed in decaying organic materials such as run-offs from dung heaps (Eristalis) or in ponds and ditches (e.g. Anasimyia).
 Pseudexomilus costicapitata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Achaea mercatoria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in countries in tropical Africa and Asia from South Africa to South East Asia including the Near East (Saudi Arabia and Yemen) and the islands of Madagascar Seychelles and Cabo Verde.It has been identified in north-western Australia only in 1978 from specimen collected back to 1968 which had previously been confused with Achaea serva.This species has a wingspan of 56-66mm.
 Rivulana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Atethmia sinuata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Iran.
 Fraus basicornis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.The wingspan is 24-28 mm for males. Adults are on wing from April to May.
 Heliopolis (1936-1959) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
 Oshunia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Pasiphila malachita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on Hebe species.
 Satisfy is a Thoroughbred racehorse who is best known for winning the New Zealand Derby in 1987.Satisfy only won six races in his career but two came at Group 1 level in the form of the Derby and the Manawatu Sires' Produce Stakes. He also ran third in the 2000 Guineas.His Derby win though is more remembered for who didn't win it than who did.
 Lissotesta aupouria is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The Triangle (Heterogenea asella) is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to mid July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Acer Corylus Fagus and Quercus species. They are grub-like and have very short legs and a retracted head. Larvae can be found from August to May. The last instar larva overwinters in a cocoon resembling a gall.
 Euchromius tanalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in the mountainous areas of Kenya and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of montane vegetation zones at altitudes ranging from about 1200 to 3250 meters.The length of the forewings is 20-24 mm. The groundcolour of the forewings is creamy white densely suffused with ochreous to dark brown scales. The hindwings are creamy white to light brown with a darkly bordered termen. In Ethiopia adults have been recorded in October.
 Renyigoga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Myopsyche is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Myotis fimbriatus is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in China.
 Zabrus rotundatus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.
 Brachylomia populi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the inland mountains of western North America from British Columbia and Alberta in south through Colorado and Utah into Arizona.The wingspan is about 30 mm.Larvae feed on leaves of cottonwood and aspen in the Populus genus and are also reported on Quercus species.
 Paectes obrotunda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Brazil. The species is only known from the female holotype. Formerly the species was recorded from southern North America (including Florida) through Central America to South America. It is also found on the Greater Antilles and Lesser Antilles. These records were based on misidentifications.The forewing length is 9.2 mm for females.
 The Australian grayling (Prototroctes maraena) is a primarily freshwater fish found in coastal rivers in Tasmania and south-eastern Australia. In past decades it has also been known as the “cucumber mullet” or “cucumber herring” for its cucumber-like odor.
 Alalomantis coxalis is a species of praying mantis in the family Acromantinae.
 Menetries's Warbler or Ménétries's Warbler (Sylvia mystacea) is a small passerine bird of south-west Asia belonging to the genus Sylvia. The name of the species commemorates Édouard Ménétries the French zoologist who described the species in 1832. It is closely related to the Sardinian Warbler (Sylvia melanocephala) of the Mediterranean basin and is similar to it in appearance.
 Fusinus schrammi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Gorgasella is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders) that is only found in Panama.
 Amata benitonis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Equatorial Guinea.
 Ceroprepes lunata is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Du Song and Yang in 2005. It is found in China.
 Eleodes obscurus is a species of darkling beetle in the genus eleodes. It ranges from southern British Columbia to northern Mexico and east to Texas Kansas and Wyoming. The diet of Eleodes obscurus includes dead plant material animal remains roots and seeds.
 For the pupfish genus see Orestias (fish).Orestias was an ancient Greek settlement next to the Maritsa (or Evros) river near or at the site of present day Edirne and close to the current border between Turkey and Greece.Legends claim that Orestias was founded by Orestes the son of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra.Orestias or Orestia is thought to have been the same town as Uscudama (other variants: Uskudama Uskadama Uskodama) or Odrysa (other variants: Odrysia Odrysos Odrysus) which was the first Odrysian capital. 
 Proceratophrys cristiceps is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna moist savanna and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Great Spotted Cuckoo (Clamator glandarius) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds the Cuculiformes which also includes the roadrunners the anis and the coucals.It is a widespread summer migrant to southeast and southwest Europe and western Asia and winters in Africa. It is a brood parasite which lays its eggs in the nests of corvids (especially magpies) and starlings.
 Asphadastis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The deepsea scaly-fins are perciform fishes belonging to a small family (Bathyclupeidae) with a single genus (Bathyclupea).They are marine fishes found in tropical waters of the Gulf of Mexico Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean. They grow up to about 20 cm long.
 Tremex is a genus of woodwasp in the Siricidae family.
 Eulimella cylindrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Megalomphalus oxychone is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 The genus Adelphicos consists of six species of burrowing snake.
 The Coronet (Craniophora ligustri) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe through Northern Asia to Japan.The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.The caterpillars feed on Fraxinus excelsior Common Lilac and Ligustrum vulgare.
 Pleurotomella enderbyensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hyalosagda hollandi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
 Schizolecis guntheri is a species of the monotypic genus Schizolecis of loricariid catfish (order Siluriformes).
 Prosipho certus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Fresvillia is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to baculitid family of the ammonoid order Ancyloceratida that lived during the Late Cretaceous found in France. Baculitids are a kind of heteromorph ammonite characterized by a straight adult shaft often preceded by a small coiled juvenile portion. Baculites Boehmoceras Eubaculites and Lechites are among related genera.
 Brenthia monolychna is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.Adults mimic jumping spiders one of their predators.
 Achatina craveni is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae the giant African snails.
 Sphaerolichidae is a mite family in the suborder Sphaerolichida.
 Balmerino (NZ) (11 November 1972 – 1996) was a bay Thoroughbred stallion that was foaled at Cambridge in the Waikato region of New Zealand. He later became a champion racehorse with many international successes.
 Kollikodon ritchiei is a fossil monotreme species. It is known only from an opalised dentary fragment with one premolar and two molars in situ. The fossil was found at Lightning Ridge New South Wales Australia as was Steropodon.Kollikodon lived in the lower Cretaceous period during the middle Albian age (100–104 million years ago). Like Steropodon Kollikodon was a relatively large mammal for the Mesozoic.
 Teukrus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Teukrus bifasciatus (Bates 1871) Teukrus cruciatus (Bates 1871)↑
 The scalemouth jobfish Parapristipomoides squamimaxillaris is a species of snapper native to the Pacific Ocean where it occurs around various islands from New Caledonia to Easter Island. It inhabits areas with rocky substrates at depths from 130 to 460 m (430 to 1510 ft). This species grows to a length of 51.3 cm (20.2 in). It is a commercially important species as a food fish. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Siphonalia pfefferi common name Pfeffer's Whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Glyphipterix danilevskii is a moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found in Romania.
 Phyllocnistis citronympha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Maharashtra and Karnataka India. The hostplants for the species include Lannea coromandelica and Odina wodier.
 Meridarchis globosa is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea.
 Nanodacna vinacea is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Progonica rhothias is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Barilius gatensis is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae.
 Chasmomma is a genus of hoverflies.
 Antinephele marcida is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893 and is found from forests from Cameroon to Uganda and western Kenya.The length of the forewings is 23–26 mm. The upperside of the forewings has a pale brownish-green ground colour (fading to orange-brown).
 The Sichuan deer (Cervus canadensis macneilli) also known as MacNeill's deer is a subspecies of Wapiti native to Western China.
 Helcystogramma armatum is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1911. It is known from northeastern India.
 Euthorybeta ochroplaca is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 Rhyncholepis is an extinct genus of anaspida from the Late Silurian. It was 26 cm long.Fossils found in southern Norway.
 The Puerto Rican Yellow (Eurema portoricensis) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Puerto Rico.The larvae feed on Senna obtusifolia Senna alata and Chamaecrista nictitans patellaria var. glabrata.
 Diprotodon meaning two forward teeth sometimes known as the giant wombat or the hippopotamus wombat is the largest known marsupial ever to have lived. Along with many other members of a group of unusual species collectively called the Australian megafauna it existed from approximately 1.6 million years ago until extinction some 46000 years ago (through most of the Pleistocene epoch).
 Aglossa aglossalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Ragonot in 1892 and is known from Algeria Tunisia Libya Iraq Iran India Pakistan Sudan and the United Arab Emirates.
 Anopina potosiensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Nuevo Leon).
 Hallaxa fuscescens is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae. There is some doubt regarding the correct taxonomic classification of this species.
 Egone is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tetragonoderus swahilius is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Alluaud in 1931.
 The Tentacled flathead (Papilloculiceps longiceps) or Crocodilefish is a member of the order Scorpaeniformes an order which also includes the scorpionfishes and stonefishes. It is found in the Western Indian Ocean; the Red Sea.
 Xiphinema brevicolle is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Eriocrania cicatricella is a moth of the Eriocraniidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The moth flies in April depending on the location.The larvae mine the leaves of Betula species.
 Pliomeridae is a family of trilobites containing the following genera:
 The apalises are small passerine birds belonging to the genus Apalis. They are found in forest woodlands and scrub across most parts of sub-Saharan Africa. They are slender birds with long tails and have a slender bill for catching insects. They are typically brown grey or green above and several species have brightly coloured underparts.
 Satara cornutiata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kirti and Gill in 2008. It is known from Karnataka in southern India.
 Gibbovalva urbana is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Guangdong Hainan and Fujian) India (Meghalaya) and Japan (the Ryukyu Islands Honshū and Tusima).The wingspan is 6–9 mm.The larvae feed on Magnolia species (including Magnolia denudata Magnolia sieboldii and Magnolia × soulangeana) Michelia alba Michelia champaca Michelia compressa and Michelia figo. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Rhizagrotis stylata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-eastern Alberta south to at least Arizona.The wingspan is 38–40 mm.
 Hypolimnas mechowi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mongala Uele Ituri Kivu Tshopo Equateur Sankuru).
 There are fourteen extant families of the order Testudines an order of reptile commonly known as turtles tortoises and terrapins. The testudines are some of the most ancient reptiles alive with only the tuataras considered more primitive. There are approximately 300 extant species and 97 genera of testudines split into two suborders: the Cryptodirans and the Pleurodirans. The distinction between these two suborders is based on the mode in which they cover their head and neck.
 Schalifrontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lyreidus tridentatus is a species of crab in the family Raninidae.
 Huilatherium is an extinct genus of leontiniid a group of hoofed mammals belonging to the order Notoungulata that comprising other South American ungulates families that evolved in parallel with some mammals of the Northern hemisphere.
 Ischnopsis is a genus of moth belonging to the family Coleophoridae containing only one species Ischnopsis angustella which is known from South Africa.
 Borearctia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Suchoprion is a dubious genus of phytosaurian archosaur known from poor remains from the Late Triassic of North America. It was once thought to be a dinosaur.
 Sierrathrissa leonensis the West African pygmy herring is a very small fish reaching a maximum length of 3 centimetres (1.2 in) SL closely related to the herrings which is found in Africa. It is the only species of its genus.
 Akawaio penak is a species of bluntnose knifefish native to the upper Mazaruni River Guyana. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Makararaja chindwinensis is a freshwater ray found in India and Myanmar. It is the sole member of its genus.
 The Helenor Morpho (Morpho helenor) is a Neotropical butterfly found in Panama El Salvador Nicaragua Costa Rica Mexico Surinam French Guiana Bolivia Colombia Peru Ecuador Venezuela Honduras Guatemala Paraguay Brazil Argentina and in Trinidad and Tobago.It is a species group which may be or may not be several species. Many subspecies have been described.
 The smoky bat (Amorphochilus schnablii) is a species of bat in the family Furipteridae. It is monotypic within the genus Amorphochilus.[citation needed] Its natural habitat is rocky shores. It is threatened by habitat loss. This bat is also called the thumbless bat because its thumb is partly enclosed in its wing; this common name is also applied to another species Furipterus horrens.
 The common gliding lizard (Draco sumatranus) is a species of agamid lizard endemic to Southeast Asia. It has elongated ribs and skin flaps on the sides of its body. When opened these skin flaps allow it to glide between tree trunks.
 Pyralis perversalis is a species of snout moths. It is found from the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary and Romania east into Asia including Kazakhstan Mongolia and Russia.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 Exiteloceras is an ammonite genus from the Late Cretaceous. Its fossils have been found in Egypt Iraq and North America.Exiteloceras was proposed by Alpheus Hyatt in 1894 for heteromorph ammonites with shells that are loosely coiled in a plane early whorls varying from straight limbs connected by semicircular elbows to elliptical or nearly circular loops. Later whorls being elliptical to circular.
 Cigaritis nyassae the Nyassa Silverline is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda western Kenya Tanzania Malawi Mozambique and possibly Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Acacia stenocarpa Entada abyssinica and Mundulea species. Young larvae feed on the terminal shoots of their host plant while older larvae are found on the bark. They are always attended by ants.
 Tortricopsis pyroptis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.The larvae feed on Exocarpos Pinus radiata Cupressus and dead phyllodes of Acacia.
 Prohylesia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Lemyra gloria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fang in 1993. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Satoblephara owadai is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is about 32 mm.
 Mordellistena dybasi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1948 by Ray.
 Bachman's Sparrow (Peucaea aestivalis) is a small American sparrow that is endemic to the southeastern United States. This species was named in honor of Reverend John Bachman.Adults have rufous brown upperparts and crown with grey and black streaking on the nape back and primaries. The face is gray with a rufous brown eyestripe. It has buff colored breast and whitish belly.
 The Common Tinsel Catapaecilma elegans is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Conus explorator is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Pied Thrush (Geokichla wardii) is a member of the thrush family found in India and Sri Lanka. The males are conspicuously patterned in black and white while the females are olive brown and speckled. They breed in the central Himalayan forests and winter in the hill forests of southern India and Sri Lanka. Like many other thrushes they forage on leaf litter below forest undergrowth and fly into trees when disturbed and sit still making them difficult to locate.
 Ypsolopha chazariella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Latvia Lithuania the Czech Republic Slovakia Albania Bosnia and Herzegovina Hungary Bulgaria Romania and France. It has also been recorded from Finland and it is thought that it was introduced to northern Europe with its food plant which is a common decorative plant in Europe.The larvae feed on Acer tatarica. Larvae can be found from late May to the middle of June.
 Acanthonevroides is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Anajapygidae are a small family of diplurans. They can be distinguished by their relatively short stout cerci which discharge abdominal secretions. Unlike most diplurans which are largely predatory these are scavengers.
 Leptophobia penthica the Penthica White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Colombia Bolivia and Venezuela.The wingspan is 44–48 mm (1.7–1.9 in). Adults have black markings on the upperside. The underside of the hindwings is bright reflective silver.
 Leptasterias tenera is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae. It is found on the southeastern coast of the United States.
 The Buff-sided Robin (Poecilodryas cerviniventris) is a small bird in the Petroicidae family. It is endemic to northern Australia.
 Conus aculeiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Sydaphera delicosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Punctapinella scleroductus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Amphicyoninae is a subfamily of extinct Amphicyonidae large terrestrial carnivores (bear-dogs) belonging to the suborder Caniformia (meaning dog-like) and which inhabited North America Europe Eurasia Asia. and Africa from ~22.4—4.9 Ma. Amphicyoninae existed for approximately ~17.5 million years.Amphicyoninae was named by Trouessart (1885).
 Chonopla is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Mesasteria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Palaeozana is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Palaeozana mida which is found in Panama.
 Caecilia thompsoni commonly called Thompson's caecilian is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is endemic to Colombia. It is the largest of the worm-like caecilians and reaches a length of 1.5 m (5 ft) and can weigh up to about 1 kg (2.2 lb).Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Eupanacra greetae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.The length of the forewings is about 26 mm. It is similar to Eupanacra tiridates and Eupanacra regularis regularis but have broader forewings. The upperside of the forewings is dull light green with a number of lines and a white V-shaped mark. There is a row of black dots found on the hindwing underside.
 The Das's dwarf toad or torrent toad (Adenomus dasi) is a species of toad endemic to Sri Lanka. Its only known habitat is in Peak Wilderness Sanctuary at an altitude of 1370 m where it is a rare species. In the 1890s it was also recorded near Nuwara Eliya but this population is assumed to be extinct. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to a restricted range and habitat loss caused by water pollution.A.
 Pompiliodes obliqua is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Ecuador.
 Maoridaphne supracancellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hybodontidae is an extinct family of sharks first appearing in the Mississippian period and disappearing during the Late Cretaceous.
 Polypoetes rubribasis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found along the eastern slope of the Andes from central Peru south to Argentina at elevations between 1500 and 2500 meters.
 Idalus fasciipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 Catocala bella is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Russia (Siberia Primorye Khabarovsk Southern Amur) Korea China and Japan (Hokkaido Honshu).The wingspan is about 59 mm.
 The Green-striped Darner (Aeshna verticalis) is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. Found in northeastern United States and southern Ontario Quebec and New Brunswick.
 Claorhynchus (meaning broken beak as it is based on broken bones from the snout region) is a dubious genus of ornithischian dinosaur with a confusing history behind it. It has been considered to be both a hadrosaurid and a ceratopsid sometimes the same as Triceratops with two different assignments as to discovery formation and location and what bones make up its type remains.
 Ypthima vuattouxi Vuattoux’s Ringlet is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of guinea savanna.
 Neurostrota cupreella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Jamaica and Cuba.
 The Yellow-browed Sparrow (Ammodramus aurifrons) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru Venezuela and Southeastern North America. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland pastureland heavily degraded former forest and urban forest.
 Neobuccinum eatoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Phymorhynchus sulciferus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tungusichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 The White-winged Cuckooshrike (Coracina ostenta) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rineloricaria (from the Greek rhinos meaning nose and the Latin lorica meaning cuirass of leather) is a genus of freshwater tropical catfish (order Siluriformes) belonging to the Loricariidae family. They are commonly called whiptail catfish because of the long filament that grows out of the tip of the caudal fin that is characteristic of the genus. They are native to the rivers of Northern and Central South America but are imported to other countries as household aquarium pets.
 The Fox's Weaver (Ploceus spekeoides) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is endemic to Uganda.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Krachia cylindrata is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from European waters. It was described by Jeffreys in 1885.
 Hypoptopoma is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Niphargus spoeckeri is a species of crustacean in the family Niphargidae. It is endemic to Slovenia.
 Anaciaeschna triangulifera is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 The adult black deer fly Chrysops niger is a fly of about 8–10.5 millimetres (0.31–0.41 in) length with a mostly black body with some white hairs and having wings which are barred with black. They are active from May to September around areas of marsh in much of the United States.The larvae of the black deer fly feed upon organic matter in damp soil and are termed hydrobionts in that they inhabit areas of high water content.
 Turbonilla aresta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Snowberry Clearwing (Hemaris diffinis) is a moth of the order Lepidoptera family Sphingidae.
 Lyogyrus granum common name the squat duskysnail is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Teinostoma fernandesi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Tornidae
 Stiles's Tapaculo (Scytalopus stilesi) is a member of the tapaculos a group of Neotropical birds. It was described as new to science in 2005.It has been found at 21 sites in montane forest between 1420 and 2130 m altitude in the northern Cordillera Central of the Colombian Andes; although having a restricted range within this limited area it is a common understorey bird. Initiually it seemed as if the species would classify as Near Threatened (Cuervo et al.
 Chemnitzia plana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Olivenebula is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Black-Backed Thornbill (Ramphomicron dorsale) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found only in Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Gazoryctra pulcher is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from the United States including Colorado New Mexico and Utah.The wingspan is about 33 mm.
 Elysius lavinia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Paracuneus immaculatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.There is a subspecies: Paracuneus immaculatus peronianus (Tenison-Woods 1876) occurring in Quarantine Bay New South Wales Australia. .
 Platyptilia gentiliae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Argentina and Chile.The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults are on wing in October and January.
 Jardinella jesswiseae is a species of small freshwater snails which have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Hasteulia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Hypophytala hyetta is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola Uganda and Tanzania.
 Zenis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae
 Causa is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae.
 Hyaleucerea sororia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Endropiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Stephanophorus is a monotypic genus of tanager containing only the Diademed Tanager Stephanophorus diadematus .It is purple-blue with a white crown characterised by a small red patch and it is found mostly in open areas in southern Brazil northeast Argentina and Uruguay.
 Myrmecia desertorum is an Australian ant species belonging to the Myrmecia genus. They were first described by Wheeler in 1915 and are distributed all over Australia.Myrmecia desertorum are common nation wide. They are typically 18-26 millimetres long. They are usually a reddish yellow colour. Their heads and gaster are in a blackish brown colour and mandibles and clypeus are of a yellow colour.
 Prays sublevatella is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family. It is found on Réunion.
 The Dinelli's Doradito (Pseudocolopteryx dinelliana) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Argentinian biologist Luis Dinelli.
 Philine umbilicata is a species of sea snail a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Philinidae the headshield slugs.
 Chamelania auricoma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Maotianshania cylindrica is an extinct worm-like creature of average size (up to 4 centimetres or 1.6 inches long and 2 millimetres or 0.079 inches wide). It occurs in the Lower Cambrian (Atdabanian) Chengjiang biota of Northeastern Yunnan China. It is usually preserved as pink impression. The gut is a dark central zone. The anterior pharyx and collar carry tiny sepia-colored teeth. The very back-end of the body has two small hooks.
 The Cercopithecinae are a subfamily of the Old World monkeys that includes in its roughly 71 species the baboons the macaques and the vervet monkeys. Most cercopithecine monkeys are limited to sub-Saharan Africa although the macaques range from the far eastern parts of Asia through northern Africa as well as on Gibraltar.
 Paracles aurantiaca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.
 The Andaman Crake (Rallina canningi) is a bird species in the family Rallidae. It is endemic to India.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.This little-known rail was formerly classified as data deficient by the IUCN due to the lack of reliable information on its status. New research has shown it to be somewhat rare.
 Turbo reevei common name the Reeve's turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Acrolepia corticosa is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Orchestina setosa is a spider species found in France and Italy.
 Grammodes geometrica is a moth formerly of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g.). It is found from the Mediterranean east to Oriental and Australasian tropics.
 The red-sided curly-tailed lizard (Leiocephalus schreibersii) also known as the Hispaniolan curlytail lizard is a common lizard species native to the Caribbean though an established introduced population can be found in southern Florida. This lizard is active during the day and feeds mainly on insects.
 Rasbora tobana is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora from Sumatra Indonesia. It is restricted to Lake Toba and some of the rivers than run into the lake.
 The palm forest tree frog Leptopelis palmatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes urban areas and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acrolophus icarus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Barbucca diabolica is a very small loach native to the Malay Peninsula and Borneo. It can be found in small forest streams and backwaters where it eats algae detritus and small invertebrates. It can reach a length of 2.3 cm (0.91 in).
 The Mountain-mahogany Moth (Ethmia discostrigella) is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found from the western United States south into Mexico.The length of the forewings is 10.4-14.7 mm. The ground color of the forewings is dark gray overlaid with scattered whitish scales. The ground color of the hindwings is pale gray becoming whitish ochreous toward the anal area. Adults of the nominate subspecies are on wing from April to September in multiple generations per year in the south.
 Tarucus rosacea the Mediterranean Pierrot or Mediterranean Tiger Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Mauritania Senegal Gambia Guinea Burkina Faso northern Ivory Coast northern Ghana northern Nigeria Niger northern Cameroon Chad Sudan Ethiopia northern Uganda north-western Kenya Somalia Djibouti and Arabia. The habitat consists of Sudan savanna and the Sahel.Adults feed from the flowers of Ziziphus species.The larvae feed on Ziziphus jujuba.
 Psilogramma surholti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Vietnam.
 Ammophila sabulosa the red-banded sand wasp is a species of the subfamily Ammophilinae of the hunting wasp family Sphecidae. Found in northern Europe the wasp is notable for the behaviour of the females hunting caterpillars mainly on sunny days paralyzing them with a sting and burying them in a burrow with a single egg.
 Chondrostoma scodrense was a ray-finned fish that is classified as extinct by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.Its habitat in the late 19th century included Lake Scutari and its surroundings in Albania and Montenegro. Although its unique characteristics were identified around 100 years later none have been found.[citation needed]
 Scoliacma albogrisea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Eburia blancaneaui is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.
 Ulochaetes leoninus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Ulochaetes.
 The Band-celled Sister or Mexican Sister (Adelpha fessonia) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Panama north through Central America to Mexico. It is a periodic resident in the lower Rio Grande Valley Texas.The wingspan is 56–70 mm. Larvae in Texas and northeastern Mexico feed on Celtis lindheimeri.
 Recilia variabilis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.
 Coleophora rosacella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Pennsylvania New Brunswick and Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the buds of Rosa species. They create a tubular leaf case.
 Parastenomordella ensifera is a species of beetle in the Parastenomordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1989 by Francisco.
 Cavilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Chorthippus scalaris is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae.This grasshopper is present in most of Europe in the Near East and in eastern Palearctic ecozone. The adult males grow up to 18–20 millimetres (0.71–0.79 in) long while the females reach 24–27 millimetres (0.94–1.06 in) of length.
 Conus coccineus common name the berry cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Lewis Pass green gecko or central tree gecko Naultinus poecilochlorus (formerly identified as Heteropholis poecilochlorus) is a gecko of the family Gekkonidae. The holotype is in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.Reproduction is viviparous.
 Rugathodes is a genus of theridiid spiders. They have a mainly paleotropical distribution but R. acoreensis and R. pico are endemic to the Azores and R. aurantius is holarctic. R. sexpunctatus is found in North America as well as Russia.R. aurantius and R. sexpunctatus are sister species. The genera Theridion and Wamba are closely related.
 Ictinogomphus ferox commonly called the Common Tiger or the Common Tigertail is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi and possibly Ethiopia.
 Acrobasis glaucella is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 19–23 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larva feed on various oak species.
 Athrycia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Mahomet mouse (Mus mahomet) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chiloglanis lufirae is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Lufira River drainage. This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Halloceras is a gyroconic rotoceratid from the Lower Devonian of North America with a subtriangular whorl section narrow dorsum (on the inner side) divergent flanks and broad rounded venter (on the outer side) frills at various growth points suture with shallow ventral and lateral lobes and a small siphuncle near the venter. Halloceras was named by Hyatt in 1884. The type us Halloceras undulatum.
 The Pretty Chalk Carpet (Melanthia procellata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The moth flies from May to August .The caterpillars feed on Clematis vitalba.
 Exelastis pavidus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Great Brownie (Miletus symethus) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Afrixalus is a genus of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
 Gretna zaremba the Variegated Crepuscular Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 Protohadros (meaning first hadrosaur) is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian stage) 95 million years ago.Gary Byrd a part-time palaeontologist discovered some remains of this euornithopod (ribs and an ungual) during early 1994 at Flower Mound Denton County north-central Texas. He informed professional palaeontologist Yuong-Nam Lee of the find who arranged for the entire preserved fossil to be excavated.
 Fraus pteromela is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in most of the southern half of Australia.The wingspan is about 25 mm for males and 35 mm for females.
 Pyramidobela tetraphyta is a moth in the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 9.4-10.3 mm. The ground color of the forewings is pale tan more or less evenly dusted with brownish at times tending to form longitudinal streaks on the costa and in the apical area. The ground color of the hindwings is pale gray. Adults are on wing in April and from September to November.
 Hedinichthys minutus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hedinichthys.
 Dymasia is a monotypic genus of butterflies from southern USA to Central America in the family Nymphalidae that contains the species Tiny Checkerspot or Dyman Checkerspot (Dymasia dymas).
 Cribrarula exmouthensis is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.Subspecies Cribrarula exmouthensis abrolhensis Lorenz 2002 Cribrarula exmouthensis exmouthensis (Melvill 1888) Cribrarula exmouthensis magnifica Lorenz 2002 Cribrarula exmouthensis rottnestensis Lorenz 2002↑
 Atrophacanthus japonicus is a species of spikefish native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it is found at depths of from 300 to 2000 metres (980 to 6560 ft). This species grows to a length of 4.4 centimetres (1.7 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Phlyctimantis keithae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland intermittent freshwater marshes heavily degraded former forest and ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Southern Cornstalk Borer Moth (Diatraea crambidoides) is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in North America from Alabama and northern Florida to Ohio and Maryland. The wingspan is 15-40 mm. Adults are straw coloured to dull white. The forewings are slightly darker than the hind wings. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Zea mays Tripsacum dactyloides and Sorghum species. Young larvae feed within the plant whorl.
 Morum lindae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 The Three-staff Underwing (Catocala amestris) is a species of Catocalini that occurs in North America. It is considered endangered and is legally protected in the state of Michigan.
 Lilford's wall lizard (Podarcis lilfordi) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae. It is endemic to the Balearic Islands Spain.Its natural habitats are temperate Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas and rocky shores. Originally distributed throughout the Balearics the introduction of alien species which started with the Romans has confined the species to the uninhabited islets around the major islands on almost each of which a local subspecies has evolved.
 Melanoides pergracilis is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae. This species is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Ortalis basalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Xerotricha mariae is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 The Barred Parakeet (Bolborhynchus lineola) also known as Lineolated Parakeet Catherine Parakeet or 'Linnies' for short is a small parrot found disjunctly in highland forests from southern Mexico to Panama in the Andes from western Venezuela to southern Peru the Santa Marta Mountains in Colombia and the Venezuelan Coastal Range. Its plumage is mostly green with multiple black and dark green stripes or bars and it has a pale-horn coloured beak.
 Orthogonius kalimantanensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 A sculpin is a fish that belongs to the superfamily Cottoidea in the order Scorpaeniformes. As of 2006 this superfamily contains 11 families 149 genera and 756 species.Sculpins occur in many types of habitat including ocean and freshwater zones. They live in rivers submarine canyons kelp forests and shallow littoral habitat types such as tidepools.Sculpins are benthic fish dwelling on the bottoms of water bodies.
 Paraschistura lindbergi is a species of stone loach found in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 The common snook (Centropomus undecimalis) is a species of marine fish in the family Centropomidae of the order Perciformes. The common snook is also known as the sergeant fish or robalo. It was originally assigned to the sciaenid genus Sciaena; Sciaena undecimradiatus and Centropomus undecimradiatus are obsolete synonyms for the species.One of the largest snooks Centropomus undecimalis grows to a maximum overall length of 140 centimetres (4.6 ft) but common length is 50 centimetres (1.6 ft).
 Eucosmogastra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Micrurus annellatus commonly known as Annellated coral snake is a species of venomous elapid snake native to southeastern Ecuador eastern Peru Bolivia and western Brazil. There are three recognized subspecies including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Ramphotyphlops australis or the Southern blindsnake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The Tanzanian Shrew (Crocidura tansaniana) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Perissoza scripta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Perissoza of the family Ulidiidae.
 Sinployea planospira was a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to the Cook Islands; it is now extinct.
 Cinygma is a genus of mayflies in the family Heptageniidae.
 Prunum abyssorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Dioryctria yuennanella is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Caradja in 1937 and is known from Yunnan China.The larvae feed on Pinus armandii. They damage two year old cones during the rapid growth period.
 The marginated tortoise (Testudo marginata) is a species of tortoise found in Greece Italy and the Balkans in southern Europe. It is the largest European tortoise reaching a weight of up to 5 kg (11 lb) and a length of 35 cm (14 in). Its shell is oblong and has a notable thickness around the middle of the body. The posterior end of the shell has a saw-like formation flanged outward like a bell. The carapaces of adult specimens are almost completely black with yellow highlights.
 Superstitionia donensis is a species of scorpion the only species in the genus Superstitionia and the family Superstitioniidae.
 The painted sandgrouse (Pterocles Indicus) is a medium large bird in the sandgrouse family found in India and Pakistan. It is known there as ganga indien.
 Copelatus bibulus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1948.
 Stenoptilia stigmatoides is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Slovakia and Hungary.
 Melaloncha is a genus of phorid flies (Diptera: Phoridae) commonly referred to as bee-killing flies. They are found almost exclusively in the Neotropical region although there is one record from extreme southern Texas United States. They are small flies usually about 2–3 millimetres (0.08–0.12 in) in length. No true fossils are known although there are some specimens in Colombian copal of unknown (but likely relatively recent) age.
 Lesueur's Hairy Bat (Cistugo lesueuri) also known as Lesueur's Wing-gland Bat is a species of bat in the Cistugidae family. It is found in dry savanna Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation and hot deserts in Lesotho and South Africa. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ochrodota similis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Geracodes is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Isolabiinae. It was cited by Steinmann in The Animal Kingdom.
 Enope is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Enope tolumnensis which is found in Colombia.
 Zabrus seidlitzi is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Spain.
 Zatrachys is an extinct genus of an unusual temnospondyl from Early Permian of Texas.
 Dermomurex alabastrum is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Petalichthyida is an extinct order of small flattened placoderm fish. They are typified by their splayed pectoral fins exaggerated lateral spines flattened bodies and numerous tubercles that decorated all of the plates and scales of their armor. They reached a peak in diversity during the Early Devonian and were found throughout the world particularly in Europe (especially in Germany) North America Asia South America and Australia.
 Hypaedalea neglecta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Cameroon to Uganda.The length of the forewings is about 27 mm. The thorax upperside has a large dorsal patch of raised olive-brown scales continued from the head. The labial palps are pale yellowish-buff below dark purplish-brown above and reddish laterally. The legs are yellowish-buff. The forewing upperside has a large dark brown blotch posterior of the discal cell between the submarginal and median lines.
 Apomodocia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 The coppery pipistrelle (Arielulus cuprosus) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Malaysia.
 Diaethria clymena or Cramer's Eighty-eight is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found from Mexico to Peru and Brazil. It was discovered to science by Pieter Cramer in a fascicle of De uitlandsche Kapellen 1775.The wingspan is about 30–40 millimetres (1.2–1.6 in). Adults are black with a blue band on each wing.
 Aclytia conjecturalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1930. It is found in Brazil.
 The Dusky Meadow Brown (Hyponephele lycaon) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Europe primarily the South and East.The wingspan is ca. 40 mm. The butterflies fly from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Bocula obscurostola is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Borneo.
 Asura solita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Dianema is a small genus of freshwater catfish in the Callichthyinae subfamily of the armored catfish family. The type species for this genus is Dianema longibarbis. The name is derived from the Greek di meaning two and nema meaning filament. The two species of Dianema share approximately the same distribution and are found in the Amazon River and lower courses of its tributaries. Dianema species have the habit of swimming midwater as opposed to the bottom as in most callichthyids.
 Anagaloidea is an extinct order of mammals that first appeared during the Cretaceous period of the geologic timescale.
 Euxoa biformata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California.
 Furacopyge is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Dalmanitidae) that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Spain. It was described by Arbizu in 1978 and the type species is Furacopyge progenitor. The type locality was Complejo de Ranaces.
 Phricanthes argyraetha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Heliothodes joaquin is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States including Oregon and California.It was placed as a synonym of Heliothodes diminutiva by Harwick in a 1996. Officially it is still a synonym but it seems to be a proper species and will probably be re-elevated to species level[citation needed].
 Epigomphus subsimilis is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Costa Rica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Agdistis malitiosa is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Namibia South Africa Kenya Tanzania Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Ascandra contorta is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Clathrinidae.This is a whitish sponge which appears as a mass of irregular convoluted tubes. It is very similar to Clathrina clathrus but usually differs in colour (C. clathrus is usually yellow) and by the presence of terminal oscula on vertical tubes (absent in C. clathrus). When viewed microscopically the spicule structure of the two species is very different A.
 Cosmopterix themisto is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Mato Grosso do Sul).Adults have been recorded in August.
 Mantidactylus zolitschka is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by major habitat loss.
 Nimbaphrynoides liberiensis is a species of toad from highlands in the Mount Nimba region of Liberia. This Critically Endangered species is threatened by habitat loss and mining of bauxite. This and the equally threatened N. occidentalis are the only frogs/toads that are viviparous; it is possible liberiensis should be included as a subspecies of N. occidentalis.
 Epinecrophylla is a genus of birds in the family Thamnophilidae. They were previously included in the genus Myrmotherula as the Stipple-throated group. Epinecrophylla contains the following species: Brown-bellied Antwren (Epinecrophylla gutturalis). Checker-throated Antwren (Epinecrophylla fulviventris). White-eyed Antwren (Epinecrophylla leucophthalma). Foothill Antwren (Epinecrophylla spodionota). Stipple-throated Antwren (Epinecrophylla haematonota).
 Setiostoma callidora is a species of sedge moths in the genus Setiostoma. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in the humid low highlands of south-eastern Peru and north-western Bolivia.The wingspan is 11-12 mm. The forewings are dark brown with a bright yellow area occupying the basal fourth. The apical margin of the yellow area is straight edged with a dark brown line.
 Contheyla is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
 The Locust Twig Borer (Ecdytolopha insiticiana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America including Pennsylvania Iowa West Virginia Arkansas Massachusetts New York and Ontario.The wingspan is 20-25 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Robinia pseudoacacia. The larvae feed within the stem pith of seedlings stump sprouts and new stem growth of older trees.
 Naashoibitosaurus (from Navajo naʼashǫ́ʼii bitooh—lizard creek) is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur that lived about 73 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous and was found in the Kirtland Formation of the San Juan Basin in New Mexico United States. Only a partial skeleton has been found to date. It was first described as a specimen of Kritosaurus by Jack Horner and has been intertwined with Kritosaurus since its description.
 Pleurotomella demosia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Miodentosaurus is a genus of thalattosaurian (a type of extinct marine reptile) from the Late Triassic of China. Being up to 2.5-5 m in length it was perhaps the largest thalattosaur.
 Nassarius alabasteroides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Fioriniina is a subtribe of armored scale insects.
 The Chestnut-breasted Chlorophonia (Chlorophonia pyrrhophrys) is a bird species in the family Fringillidae (formerly in Thraupidae).It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Agama lionotus is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family found in Tanzania Uganda Kenya and Ethiopia. It is commonly referred to as the Kenyan rock agama and is often confused with the red-headed rock agama.
 Orthogonius senegalensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Dejean in 1831.
 Actinoptera is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Xoser is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Phlegopsis is a genus of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. They are known as bare-eyes which is a reference to a colourful bare patch of skin around their eyes. They are restricted to humid forest in the Amazon of South America. They are among the largest ant-followers in the family and are only rarely seen away from ant swarms.
 Nacellidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails or true limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Patellogastropoda.Nacellidae is the only family in the superfamily Nacelloidea. This family has no subfamilies.
 Saduria sibirica is a benthic isopod crustacean of the family Chaetiliidae. It is widespread in Arctic marine water near the coasts of Siberia.
 Seaside Retreat (foaled May 1 2003 in Kentucky) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in Canada and the United States from a base at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto Ontario. As a foal of 2003 he was a possible contender for the U.S. Triple Crown in 2006 and finished tenth in the Kentucky Derby.
 D'Arnaud's Barbet (Trachyphonus darnaudii) is an African barbet. Barbets and toucans are a group of near passerine birds with a worldwide tropical distribution. The barbets get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills. Four geographical races (darnaudii böhmi emini and usambiro) have been recorded.D'Arnaud's Barbet is a small East African bird that feeds on insects fruits and seeds. It grows to about eight inches and is equally at home in trees or on the ground.
 Eurhodope confusella is a species of snout moths in the genus Eurhodope. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found in South Africa.
 Ausralodraco muelleri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Ausralodraco.
 Chloroclystis apotoma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Eriphus immaculicollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1834.
 Cholius luteolaris is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Italy Slovenia Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Croatia Bosnia and Herzegovina Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Turkey and Lebanon.Adults have uniform ochreous coloured forewings.
 Coleophora necessaria is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia and Turkey.The larvae feed on Alyssum turkestanicum. They feed on the leaves and later the fruits of their host plant.
 Hyposmocoma digressa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet.
 Triconolestes is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.Present in stratigraphic zones 4.
 The Cape Verde Swift or Alexander's Swift (Apus alexandri) is a small bird of the swift family found only in the Cape Verde Islands. It has been recorded from all the islands except Santa Luzia although it probably breeds only on Santiago Fogo Brava Santo Antão and São Nicolau. It is generally common with a stable population and is not considered to be threatened.
 The Crested Oropendola also known as the Suriname crested oropendola (Psarocolius decumanus) is a New World tropical icterid bird. It is a resident breeder in lowland South America east of the Andes from Panama and Colombia south to northern Argentina as well as on Trinidad and Tobago.
 Eois antiopata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bolivia and Ecuador.
 The parotias are a genus Parotia of passerine birds in the bird-of-paradise family Paradisaeidae. They are found on New Guinea to which they are endemic. They are also known as six-plumed birds of paradise due to their six head quills.
 The fringefin lanternshark Etmopterus schultzi is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the western central Atlantic from Texas to Florida northern Gulf of Mexico and Mexico.
 Aurxanthia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Papilio albinus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in west Irian Jaya and Papua New Guinea.
 Melisodera picipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Melisodera.
 Concavibalcis scalaris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is the only one known to exist within the genus Concavibalcis.
 Vexillum amabile is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Wilson's Storm Petrel (Oceanites oceanicus) also known as Wilson's Petrel is a small seabird of the storm petrel family. It is one of the most abundant bird species in the world and has a circumpolar distribution mainly in the seas of the southern hemisphere but extending northwards during the summer of the northern hemisphere. The world population has been estimated to be more than 50 million pairs. The name commemorates the Scottish-American ornithologist Alexander Wilson.
 Mordellistena breddini is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae. It is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1963 by Ermisch.
 Pomacea eximia is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 Coleophora kaiynella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Kirgizia. The larvae feed on Betula species including Betula tianshanica. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Aaadonta is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Endodontidae. Specimens from this genus are endemic to Palau.
 Cephetola pinodes Druce’s Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania.
 Xanthoconalia patrizii is a beetle in the Xanthoconalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1942 by Franciscolo.
 Pseudopostega gracilis is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is only known from primary rainforest in north-eastern French Guiana.The length of the forewings is 2.3-2.5 mm. Adults are mostly white. Adults have been collected in January.
 The Scarce Infant Moth (Leucobrephos brephoides) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Yukon to Labrador and south to New York and southern Alberta and British Columbia. The habitat consists of open mixed wood forests of the boreal and mountain region.The wingspan is about 29 mm. Adults are on wing from March to May with a peak in mid to late April in Alberta.
 Sebastes chrysomelas commonly known as the black-and-yellow rockfish is a marine fish species of the family Sebastidae. It is found in rocky areas in the Pacific off California and Baja California. Although it is similar in appearance to theChina rockfish it lacks the China's long yellow streak. Its distribution is also more to the south than the China.
 Cyanarctia percurrens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Warren in 1905. It is found in Peru.
 Marginella undulans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Nemacheilus tebo is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Canarium haemastoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Parapoynx is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Oxidercia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Monodontides musina Swinhoe's Hedge Blue is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South-east Asia including India.
 Psephophorus is an extinct genus of sea turtle that lived from the Oligocene to the Pliocene. Its remains have been found in Europe Africa North America and New Zealand. It was first named by Hermann von Meyer in 1847 and contains seven species P. polygonus P. calvertensis P. eocaenus P. oregonesis P. californiensis P. rupeliensis P. scaldii and a recently discovered species P. terrypratchetti.Psephophorus is the only Miocene dermochelyid turtle found in Europe.
 Venusia violettaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Phoperigea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Miniopterus aelleni is a bat in the genus Miniopterus that occurs on Anjouan in the Comoros and in northern and western Madagascar. It is a small brown bat; its forearm length is 35 to 41 mm (1.4 to 1.6 in). The long tragus (a projection in the outer ear) has a broad base and a blunt to rounded tip. The uropatagium (tail membrane) is sparsely haired.
 Caecilia mertensi is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.
 The Blue-capped Hummingbird or Oaxaca Hummingbird (Eupherusa cyanophrys) is a species of hummingbird endemic to subtropical moist forest in the southernmost portion of the Sierra Madre del Sur in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. Its tiny range is threatened by habitat loss.Like White-tailed Hummingbird it is sometimes considered a subspecies of the more widespread Stripe-tailed Hummingbird.
 Pempeliella macedoniella is a species of snout moth. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia.The wingspan is about 12 mm.
 Leptotrophon biocalae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Caradrina montana is a small moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is common to western North America as well as western Asia and Europe. It feeds on alfalfa leaves.The wingspan is 26–31 mm.
 Lotoria lotoria is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Snares Snipe (Coenocorypha huegeli) also known as the Snares Island Snipe or Tutukiwi in Maori is a species of bird in the Scolopacidae or sandpiper family.
 Putzeysius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Putzeysius coecus Sciaky & Grottolo 1996 Putzeysius quadriceps (Putzeys 1870)↑
 The Jack Snipe (Lymnocryptes minimus) is a small stocky wader. It is the smallest snipe and the only member of the genus Lymnocryptes. Features such as its sternum make it quite distinct from other snipes or woodcocks.
 Tomoxia philippinensis is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1930.
 Proschaliphora butti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Turbonilla delicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Clionitidae is a family of generally evolute Upper Triassic ammonoids with a ventral furrow usually bordered by rows of tubercles and whorl sides ornamented by sigmoidal ribs which may bear spiral rows of tubercles. The suture is ceratitic.The Clionitidae belong to the Ceratitida and are included in the superfamily Clydonitaceae. Their fossils have been found in Carnian and/or Norian sediments in California Nevada British Columbia the Alps Balkans Himalaya and on Timor.
 Glipostena nigricans is a species of beetle in the Glipostena genus. It was discovered in 2000.
 Annularops is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 Alydar (March 23 1975 Calumet Farm – November 15 1990) was a chestnut colt and an American Thoroughbred race horse who was most famous for finishing a close second to Affirmed in all three races of the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing a feat not achieved before or repeated since. He has been described as the best horse in the history of Thoroughbred racing never to have won a championship.
 The Plush-crested Jay (Cyanocorax chrysops) is a jay of the family Corvidae (which includes the crows and their many allies). It is found in central-southern South America: in southwestern Brazil Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northeastern Argentina including southern regions of the Amazon Basin river systems bordering the Pantanal.This is an elegant medium sized bird dark plumaged with a cream-yellow breast; the bulky tail is also cream colored top and underneath for the lower half.
 Lithobatrachus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Eupithecia spermaphaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia through Oregon and Washington to Nevada and California.The wingspan is about 23–26 mm. There is a grey tint to the ground colour. Adults have been recorded on wing in March April July August September and October.The larvae bore the cones of various trees including Abies concolor Abies shastaensis and Pseudotsuga taxifolia.
 Tenacious (1954-1967) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was one of the most popular ever to compete in New Orleans Louisiana. In 1966 Fair Grounds Race Course inaugurated the Tenacious Handicap in his honor and on his death in 1967 a memorial plaque was installed in the track's infield and following its creation in 1971 he was inducted in the Fair Grounds Hall of Fame.Tenacious was bred and raced by Dorothy Dorsett Brown wife of Joe W.
 Agyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Trifurcula liskai is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Slovenia northern Italy and Austria.The larvae feed on Globularia cordifolia. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a straight very narrow corridor which is completely filled with frass. Often the mine crosses to another leaf where the corridor becomes somewhat wider.
 Amphigenes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Olivella guayaquilensis is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Stigmella johanssonella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Austria and Bulgaria to Italy and Greece.The larvae feed on Ostrya carpinifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a slender gallery with a broad central frass line. The last part of the corridor follows a side vein.
 Sinum maculatum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Velia is a genus of aquatic bugs in the family Veliidae.
 The Trichodontidae or sandfishes are a small perciform family of fishes that occur in the North Pacific. The family consists of two monotypic genera: Arctoscopus Jordan and Evermann 1896 Arctoscopus japonicus (Steindachner 1881) (Japanese sandfish) Trichodon Tilesius 1813 Trichodon trichodon (Tilesius 1813) (Pacific sandfish)
 Arch is a Kentucky-bred race horse and sire. Born in 1995 the son of Kris S. and Aurora by Danzig he won the Grade 1 Super Derby and has sired many notable stakes winners.
 Mormogystia reibellii is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in North Africa and the northern part of the Arabian peninsula including the northern part of Saudi Arabia northern Oman the United Arab Emirates Israel Egypt Algeria Libya Tunisia Mauritania Niger and Chad.The wingspan is 27–31 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is light ochre. The head thorax and abdomen are light yellow.
 The White-headed Woodpecker (Picoides albolarvatus) is a non-migratory woodpecker that resides in pine forests of the mountains of western North America. It has a black body (approximately 20 cm (7.9 in) long) and white head. It has white primary feathers that form a crescent in flight. Males have a red spot at the nape of the neck.The range of the White-headed Woodpecker stretches in the mountains from British Columbia through southern California.
 Rhyothemis fenestrina known as the Black-winged flutterer Golden flutterer or Skylight flutterer is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Botswana the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Ghana Kenya Liberia Malawi Namibia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Tanzania Uganda Zambia and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are swamps intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Didia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893.
 Pseudoellimma gallae is an extinct species of clupeiform fish which existed in Brazil during the early Cretaceous period. It was described by Francisco J. De Figueiredo in 2009 in a new genus Pseudoellimma.
 Noguerana is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Noguerana aliciae Chemsak & Linsley 1988 Noguerana rodriguezae Noguera 2005↑
 Hypnophila remyi is a species of small air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlicopidae. This species is endemic to France.
 Vexillum varicosum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Proechimys is a genus of South American spiny rats of the family Echimyidae.
 Scopelarchoides is a genus of pearleyes.
 Elzunia is a Neotropical genus of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family subfamily Danainae tribus Ithomiini.
 Ypthima pulchra is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.
 Eumerus ornatus is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 The Yellow-crowned Brush-tailed Rat Isothrix bistriata is a South American brush-tailed rat species from the Echimyidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru and Venezuela. They are nocturnal and arboreal animals found in lowland evergreen rainforest probably restricted to igapó and várzea habitats. Sometimes they can be seen at the entrances of their dens in tree holes (specially hollow palms) on the borders of rivers.
 Clanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Mugilogobius sarasinorum Sarasin's goby is a species of goby endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi Indonesia. This species can reach a length of 80 millimetres (3.1 in) TL. It is important to local commercial fisheries.
 Onoba oliverioi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Baryglossa emorsa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Baryglossa of the family Tephritidae.
 The Chequered Ranger or Chequered Skipper (Kedestes lepenula) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from the central East Cape through the western part of the Orange Free State the eastern part of North West Province into the dry western parts of the Limpopo Province up to Polokwane. It is also found in Botswana.The wingspan is 27–29 mm for males and 30-33 for females. There are several generations per year but it is scarce in September.
 Daphnella euphrosyne is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Drugera santiago is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in north-eastern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is about 22.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is a mixture of charcoal grey and silvery white scales. The ground colour of the hindwings is dirty light grey-brown.
 Asota avacta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia and the Malaysia.The wingspan is 54-57 mm.
 Charitographa is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species Charitographa mikadonia which is found in Japan.
 Copelatus consimilis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 2002.
 The Red-crowned Ant Tanager (Habia rubica) is a medium-sized passerine bird from tropical America. The genus Habia was long placed with the tanagers (Thraupidae) but it is actually closer to the cardinals (Cardinalidae). Consequently it can be argued that referring to the members of this genus as ant-tanagers is misleading but no other common name has gained usage.Red-crowned Ant Tanagers are 18 cm long and weigh 34 g (male) or 31 g (female).
 The White Throated Snapping Turtle (Elseya albagula) is one of the largest species of Chelid Turtles in the world growing to approximately 45 cm carapace length. The species is endemic to south-eastern Queensland Australia found in the Burnett Mary and Fitzroy River Drainages.
 Cicadas (/sɪˈkɑːdə/ or /sɪˈkeɪdə/) alternatively spelled as Cicala or Cicale are insects in the order Hemiptera suborder Auchenorrhyncha (which was formerly included in the now invalid suborder Homoptera). Cicadas are in the superfamily Cicadoidea. Their eyes are prominent though not especially large and set wide apart on the anterior lateral corners of the frons.
 Microphallus piriformes is a parasitic trematode (fluke). It belongs to the Plagiorchiata a large suborder of the digenean fluke order Plagiorchiida. M. piriformes is unusual among the flukes in having only one intermediate host rather than two and no free-swimming cercarian stage.It is most notable however for modifying the behaviour of its intermediate host in a way that increases its chance of transmission to the primary host. This has been researched by Helen O.
 Plantea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Helluocolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Helluocolpodes discicollis Liebherr 2005 Helluocolpodes helluo (Darlington 1952) Helluocolpodes mucronis Liebherr 2005 Helluocolpodes multipunctatus Liebherr 2005 Helluocolpodes sinister Liebherr 2005 Helluocolpodes vanemdeni Liebherr 2005↑
 Ateralphus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ateralphus dejeani (Lane 1973) Ateralphus javariensis (Lane 1965) Ateralphus lacteus Galileo & Martins 2006 Ateralphus senilis (Bates 1862) Ateralphus subsellatus (White 1855) Ateralphus variegatus (Mendes 1938)↑
 Copiula obsti is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The White-breasted Antbird (Rhegmatorhina hoffmannsi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Odostomia galapagensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Laevilitorina bruniensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Alvania auberiana is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Nicobar Parakeet (Psittacula caniceps) also known as Blyth's Parakeet is a parrot confined to the Nicobar Islands of the Indian Ocean. At 60 cm it is the largest of the true parakeets in terms of length.The Nicobar Parakeet is classified as Near Threatened by the IUCN. Very little is actually known about its ecology and conservation status.
 Eriopithex recensitaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka Taiwan on Borneo and in Queensland.The wingspan is about 10 mm. Adults have a brown pattern on the wings. The hindwings are only about half the size of the forewings.
 The montane white-toothed shrew (Crocidura montis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Kenya Sudan Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Crimson-hooded Manakin (Pipra aureola) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Russet-throated Puffbird (Hypnelus ruficollis) is a near-passerine bird which breeds in tropical South America in northeastern Colombia and much of Venezuela. It is commonly named in Colombia as Bobito Utta Tol and Coludo.The puffbirds are an insectivorous bird family related to the jacamars but lacking the iridescent colours of that group. The Russet-throated Puffbird is fairly common in dry scrub and dry forest.
 Pelophryne api is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Malaysia and possibly Brunei.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Van Dyke's salamander Plethodon vandykei is a salamander in the order Caudata and the family Plethodontidae. Recently the species has been used in research to find out about the geomorphic conditions in Washington.
 Dacetinops is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Brinkmannella elongata is a species of deepwater cardinalfish known to occur in deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean around the Bahamas. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Dentalium diarrhox is a species of tusk shell a marine scaphopod mollusk in the family Dentaliidae. This species is endemic to New Zealand waters. It is found north east of East Cape at about 1300 m on the Chatham Rise at about 220 m and in the Tasman Sea at about 610 m.
 Azibius is an extinct genus of fossil primate from the late early or early middle Eocene from the Glib Zegdou Formation in the Gour Lazib area of Algeria. They are thought to be related to the living toothcombed primates the lemurs and lorisoids (known as strepsirrhines) although paleoanthropologists such as Marc Godinot have argued that they may be early simians (monkeys and apes).
 Tyrinna burnayi is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Amiidae are a family of primitive ray-finned fishes. The bowfin is the only species to survive today although additional species in all four subfamilies of Amiidae are known from Jurassic Cretaceous and Eocene fossils.Bowfins are now found throughout eastern North America typically in slow-moving backwaters canals and ox-bow lakes.
 Kenyarctia occidentalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bartel in 1903. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Carabus blaptoides oxuroides is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Japan. The species are gray coloured with purple pronotum.
 Besuchetia ceylanica is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Besuchetia.
 Nasutitermes walkeri commonly known as the niggerhead termite or tree termite is a species of arboreal termite found in eastern New South Wales and southeastern Queensland Australia.
 The Acariformes are the more diverse of the two superorders of mites. Over 32000 described species are found in 351 families and an estimated total of 440000 to 929000 species occur including undescribed species.
 Enteucha trinaria is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 2000. It is known from Venezuela.
 The Swift Parrot (Lathamus discolor) breeds in Tasmania and migrates north to south eastern Australia from Griffith-Warialda in New South Wales and west to Adelaide in the winter. It is related to the rosellas with the feeding habits of a lorikeet. It is the only member in the genus Lathamus.The Swift Parrot is endangered with only about 1000 pairs remaining in the wild and its population is declining.
 Fusaichi Pegasus (Japanese pronunciation: [ɸɯsa.itɕi]) (foaled April 12 1997) was purchased as a yearling for $4 million by Fusao Sekiguchi. His name is a combination of his owner's name Fusao and the Japanese word for one ichi to mean #1 or the best. The second half is the winged horse of Greek mythology. Fusaichi Pegasus won the Kentucky Derby in 2000. This thoroughbred's time was 2:01.12 around the 11⁄4 mile track.
 Coleophora mausolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain Portugal France Italy Sardinia Corsica Sicily Greece Cyprus Morocco Libya the Palestinian Territories Turkmenistan Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.The larvae feed on Chenopodium species. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Cerdaia lunata is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Germain in 1898. It is known from Chile.
 Abagrotis nefascia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Alberta and British Columbia down through Massachusetts to California.
 Etheostoma flavum the saffron darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where it is found in Kentucky and Tennessee in the lower Cumberland and lower Tennessee River drainages. It inhabits streams and rocky pools and nearby riffles of creeks headwaters and small rivers. This species can reach a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL.
 Catephia sospita is a species of moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in eastern Africa in Kenya.
 Anacampta pyrrhocephala is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Anacampta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Biston perclara is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and Japan.
 Philenora aspectalella is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Australia (Queensland New South Wales Victoria andthe southern part of Western Australia).The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are white with two jagged black bars across the forewings.
 Platymantis neckeri is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mordellistena maedai is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1956.
 Psorosa lacteomarginata is a species of snout moths. It is found on Sardinia.
 Helicotylenchus is a genus of nematodes in the family Hoplolaimidae. They are known generally as spiral nematodes. They are found worldwide. They are among the most common parasitic nematodes of plants.
 The Ferruginous Partridge (Caloperdix oculeus) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It belongs to the monotypical genus Caloperdix. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aspidimorpha is a genus of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family. The genus name is frequently misspelled as Aspidomorpha due to an unjustified spelling change in 1848[1].
 Leiostyla laevigata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.
 Gymnanthenea is a genus of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae.
 Autodectis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Gemmula ambara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Hellinsia sublatus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Mexico and Costa Rica.The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The antennae are pale fawn and the head is white with a pale fawn-brown collar behind. The thorax is white dusted with pale fawn. The forewings are white dusted with pale fawn especially in a subcostal shade from near the base to near the apex and peppered with a few darker brownish scales. The hindwings are pale brownish grey.
 The New Britain Naked-backed Fruit Bat (Dobsonia praedatrix) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Eupithecia homogrammata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia Japan and Korea.The wingspan is about 12–15 mm.
 Koloonella moniliformis common name the necklace pyramid-shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Scoliosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. It contains the single species Scoliosia brunnescens which is found in Papua and Papua New Guinea.
 The Large Guava Blue Virachola perse is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Eupithecia correana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of O'Higgins (Colchagua Province) Maule (Curico Province) and Araucania (Malleco Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Northern Valdivian Forest Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 mm for males and 7-7.5 mm for females. The median area of the forewings is white or pale greyish white contrasting with the dark brown basal area and faintly reddish brown distal area.
 Aglossa ocellalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and is known from Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. There is one record of an accidental introduction from Scotland.
 Gnophomyia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Mandageria (Pronunciation: Man-daj-ee-ree-a fair-fax-i) is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish. Mandageria lived in the Late Devonian period (Frasnian – Famennian). It is in related group with Hyneria however Mandageria was smaller but probably it hunted in the same way.Mandageria has been named after the philanthropist James Fairfax and the Mandagery Sandstone formation near Canowindra (Australia) in which the fossils were found.
 Liagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Liagonum aereum (Coquerel 1866) Liagonum analavelonae Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum anosyanum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum arecarum (Coquerel 1866) Liagonum assimile Jeannel 1948 Liagonum baleense (Basilewsky 1975) Liagonum beckeri Jeannel 1961 Liagonum bicolor (Basilewsky 1956) Liagonum bintumanum Basilewsky 1972 Liagonum bosmansi Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum brachypterum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum chappuisi (Burgeon 1935) Liagonum chenzemae Basilewsky 1976 Liagonum coquereli (Alluaud 1897) Liagonum curvipes Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum decellei Basilewsky 1968 Liagonum deplanatum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum descarpentriesi (Basilewsky 1967) Liagonum florens Basilewsky 1988 Liagonum fulvipes (Laferte-Senectere 1853) Liagonum grandidieri (Alluaud 1897) Liagonum hova (Alluaud 1897) Liagonum incertum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum jeanneli (Alluaud 1917) Liagonum kiymbiae (Basilewsky 1960) Liagonum laticolle Jeannel 1948 Liagonum lichenyanum Basilewsky 1988 Liagonum mahafalyanum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum mandibulare (Basilewsky 1963) Liagonum mangindranum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum mantasoae Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum marakwetianum (Burgeon 1935) Liagonum marojejyanum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum metrium (Alluaud 1933) Liagonum monticola (Jeannel 1951) Liagonum nebrioides Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum orophilum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum pauliani Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum peyrierasi Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum ranomandryae Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum rhetoborum Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum scordiscum (Basilewsky 1975) Liagonum scotti Basilewsky 1957 Liagonum sexpunctatum (Dejean 1831) Liagonum simplex (Alluaud 1897) Liagonum solidum (Alluaud 1897) Liagonum submimum (Basilewsky 1963) Liagonum subsolanum Jeannel 1948 Liagonum tsaratananae Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum ueleanum (Burgeon 1933) Liagonum vadoni Basilewsky 1985 Liagonum vakoanae (Jeannel 1951) Liagonum vanderijsti (Burgeon 1933) Liagonum vicinum Jeannel 1951 Liagonum viettei Basilewsky 1985↑
 Pseudaneitea maculata is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae the leaf-veined slugs.
 Megalographa monoxyla is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found only in Peru and Bolivia and has a narrow distribution in the Andes.
 Rissoia is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.The name Rissoia is an unjustified emendation of Rissoa Freminville in Desmarest 1814
 The Maranhão red-handed howler (Alouatta ululata) is an endangered species of howler monkey endemic to forests (for example Babaçu forests) in the northeastern Brazilian states of Ceará Maranhão and Piauí. It was previously thought to be a subspecies of the red-handed howler but unlike that species the Maranhão red-handed howler is strongly sexually dichromatic.
 Aepus marinus is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family.
 Epischnia maracandella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Uzbekistan.
 Monoporeia affinis formerly referred to as Pontoporeia affinis (Greek: Πόντος póntos = Pontus / Black Sea; πορεία poreía = to travel) is a small yellowish benthic amphipod living in the Baltic Sea the Arctic Sea and the lakes of the Nordic Countries.
 Caerois chorinaeus is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1775. It is found in Surinam the Guianas and Peru.
 The Many-tailed Oak-Blue Thaduka multicaudata is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Trotosema is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Caloptilia isochrysa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Meghalaya) Japan (Honshū Kyūshū and the Ryukyu Islands) and Nepal.The wingspan is 14–15 mm.The larvae feed on Cleyeria japonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Volvarina corallina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Pallid Oakblue (Arhopala alesia sometimes in Amblypodia) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Blastodacna vinolentella is a moth in the Elachistidae family. It is found in central and southern Europe from the Netherlands to the Greece.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing from the beginning of June to the beginning of August.The larvae possibly feed on Vitis vinifera.
 Tetrapyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Agathactis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Bathydraco is a genus of Antarctic dragonfishes native to the Southern Ocean around Antarctica.
 The ghost catfish (Kryptopterus minor) also known as the phantom catfish or ghost fish is an Asian glass catfish. Until 1989 it was considered to be the same as the glass catfish (K. bicirrhis) and even today the latter name is commonly seen in the aquarium fish trade. However the larger K.
 The yellow perch (Perca flavescens) commonly referred to as perch is a freshwater perciform fish native to much of North America. The yellow perch was described in 1814 by Samuel Latham Mitchill from New York. Yellow perch are closely related and morphologically similar to the European perch (Perca fluviatilis); however the two are recognized as independent species based on anatomical and genetic differences.
 Lophocampa tucumana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Argentina.
 Gemmula husamaru is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Alucita wamenaensis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Gielis in 2009. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Rissoa similis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Palaephatus fusciterminus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It is found in the Valdivian forests of southern Argentina and Chile.The length of the forewings is 10-12 mm for males and 10.5-11.5 mm for females. Adults have a buff to brown head and thorax and dark brownish fuscous forewings with a pale buff hindmargin. They are on wing from October to March possibly in multiple generations per year.
 Goya ovaliger is a species of snout moths in the genus Goya. It was described by A. Blanchard in 1875 and is known from Texas U.S.A.
 Doddiana tonkinalis is a species of snout moth. It was described by Viette in 1960 and is found in Vietnam.
 Glypheidea is an infra-order of decapod crustaceans comprising a number of fossil forms and the two extant genera Neoglyphea and Laurentaeglyphea:
 The Indochinese lutung (Trachypithecus germaini) is a lutung native to Thailand Burma Cambodia and Vietnam. The Old World monkey was previously included in Trachypithecus cristatus and Trachypithecus villosus.Two subspecies are recognized:Trachypithecus germaini germainiTrachypithecus germaini caudalis↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 ↑ 2.0 2.1
 The Blue Glassy Tiger (Ideopsis vulgaris) is a butterfly that belongs to the Crows and Tigers that is the Danaid group of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 The Blue notho or Patrizi's notho (Nothobranchius patrizii) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Kenya Somalia and East Africa. Its natural habitat is freshwater marshes. The males are usually around 5.5 cm. while females are only 4 cm. The females lay their eggs on bottom peat.
 Sind Sardinella (Sardinella sindensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella.
 The Madagascan Yellowbrow (Crossleyia xanthophrys) also known as the Yellow-browed Oxylabes is a species of Malagasy warbler formerly placed in the Sylviidae family. Found only in Madagascar it is the sole member of the genus Crossleyia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chaenomugil proboscideus the Snouted mullet is a species mullet found along the western coast of North America from Mexico to Panama. This species grows to a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in) TL. This fish is of minor importance in local commercial fisheries mostly in Panama. This is the only known species in its genus.
 Blastobasis decolor is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The thumbless bat (Furipterus horrens) is a species of bat in the family Furipteridae in the monotypic genus Furipterus. It is found in Costa Rica Brazil Venezuela; Colombia; Ecuador; Suriname; French Guiana; Guyana; Panama; Trinidad and Peru. They have a small thumb which is included in the membrane of the wing causing the 'thumbless' appearance.
 Lethe is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae. It includes the treebrowns woodbrowns foresters and their relatives. The species in the genus Lethe occur in temperate-tropical southern and eastern Asia up to Indonesia.
 Efate is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Junonia gregorii Gregori’s Brown Pansy is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Tanzania and Kenya (the highlands on both sides of the Rift Valley). The habitat consists of edges of sub-montane forests and agricultural clearings.The larvae feed on Phaulopsis parviflora and Sclerochiton paulowilhelmina.
 Satraparchis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Myurella kilburni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Scotorythra dissotis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Oahu.
 Nassarius comptus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.There is one subspecies : Nassarius comptus polita (Marrat 1880)
 Stenorhachis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Mangelia attenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Sphenarches bilineatus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Samoa.The length of the forewings is 7 millimetres (0.28 in) for males and 7.2 millimetres (0.28 in) for females.
 Platymeris laevicollis is a venomous predatory true bug from central Africa that can be found in forests scrublands grasslands and croplands. They are efficient predators and are used by farmers on coconut plantations to control herbivorous pests such as the rhinoceros beetle. As a true bug of the order Hemiptera it has needle-like mouth parts designed for sucking juices out of plants or other insects instead of chewing. P.
 Ophthalmitis rufilauta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Borneo.
 Acropolitis hedista is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.
 The Citril Finch (Carduelis citrinella) also known as the Alpine Citril Finch is a small songbird a member of the true finch family Fringillidae. For a long time this cardueline finch was placed in the genus Serinus but it is apparently very closely related to the European Goldfinch (C. carduelis).This bird is a resident breeder in the mountains of southwestern Europe from Spain to the Alps. Its northernmost breeding area is found in the Black Forest of southwestern Germany.
 Peltospira is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Peltospiridae.
 Pomacentrus moluccensis is a Damselfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 9 cm (4 in) in length.
 Zabrus costae is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Italy.
 Protungulatum donnae is the type species for the Protungulatum genus an extinct early form of placental mammal. Though it is by no means the earliest mammal in the fossil record a 2013 study considers P. donnae to be the oldest undisputed placental mammal fossil.
 Palaeomolgophis is an extinct genus of eel-like prehistoric amphibian. Their lims are much rediced and they were probably were fully aquatic.
 Coleophora wyethiae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The larvae feed on the leaves of Wyethia angustifolia Aster and Balsamorhiza species. They create an annulate case.
 Lebia analis is a species of beetle in the family of Carabidae Harpalinae subfamily.
 Megapalaeolenus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. They lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Litiopa is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Litiopidae.
 Eugoniella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista ophelma is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Australia.
 Calisto batesi is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola.The wingspan is 13–15 mm (0.51–0.59 in).The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Eucyclopera minuta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.The length of the forewings is about 7 mm. The forewings are white the basal half of the wing brownish sooty grey from the middle of the cell to the hind margin. There is a broad subterminal and a narrow terminal line both are pale grey. The hindwings are greyish white.
 Telmatobufo australis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Chile.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chaetopterus or the parchment worm or parchment tube worm is a genus of marine polychaete worm that lives in a tube it constructs in sediments or attaches to a rocky or coral reef substrate. The common name arises from the parchment-like appearance of the tubes the worm lives in. Parchment tube worms are filter feeders and spend their adult lives in their tubes unless the tube is damaged or destroyed. They are planktonic in their juvenile forms as is typical for polychaete annelids.
 Neverita delessertiana is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.N. delessertiana was long considered to be merely a form of the much more common and much more widely distributed species Neverita duplicata. In 2006 a paper was published which made it clear that Neverita delessertiana is a different species than N. duplicata.
 Hoploscaphites is an extinct ammonite genus from the Upper Cretaceous included in the family Scaphitidae. It is considered by some to be a subgenus of Scaphites. Like Scaphites the shell of Hoploscaphites is involute with the final whorl projecting forward and curved back on itself. Shells vary from compressed to inflated with convex sides. Tubercles normally present may be sparse or absent.
 Rimellopsis is a genus of large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Rostellariidae within the Stromboidea the true conchs and their allies.
 Macromphalina canarreos is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Pentila umangiana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo from the Democratic Republic of Congo to Sudan and in Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
 Acanthotrophon is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Indian long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus collaris) is a relatively small hedgehog (~17 cm 200–500 grams) native to India. It is insectivorous and nocturnal.
 Xyrias chioui is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker Chen Wei-Li and Chen Hong-Ming in 2009. It is a marine subtropical eel which is known from Taiwan in the Pacific Ocean. It generally dwells at a depth range of 60-70 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 81.9 centimetres.The species epithet chioui was given in honour of Captain Jiun-Shiun Chiou who is credited with donating the type specimen of X.
 Caprona alida commonly known as the Spotted Angle is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Sri Lanka Burma Siam Vietnam Thailand Laos Hainan and southern China.
 Eburia aliciae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found in Mexico.
 Odostomia enora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Synapturanus rabus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador possibly Brazil and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and freshwater springs.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypsopygia camerounalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Leraut in 2006 and is known from Cameroon from which its species epithet is derived.
 The Lympharis Morpho Morpho lympharis is a Neotropical butterfly found in Peru and Bolivia.
 Neritopsoidea is a taxonomic grouping a superfamily of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha within the clade Neritimorpha (according to Bouchet & Rocroi 2005) or in the order Neritoina within superorder Cycloneritimorpha within the subclass Neritimorpha (according to Bandel 2007).
 The Western Ground Parrot (Pezoporus flaviventris) is an endangered species of parrot endemic to Western Australia and is a close relative of the Eastern Ground Parrot (P. wallicus) and the somewhat more distantly related and mysterious Night Parrot (Pezoporus occidentalis).
 Balacra flava is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Przybylowicz in 2013. It is found in Cameroon.
 Phyllocnistis signata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Tamil Nadu India. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1915.
 The allis shad (Alosa alosa) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family. It is an anadromous fish which migrates into fresh water to spawn.
 Typhina nitens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Red Canarese Barb (Puntius thomassi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypselobarbus.
 Conus desidiosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Dolichoctis exigua is a ground beetle species first described by Baehr in 1999.
 Bryotropha aliterrella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is 14-15 mm. The forewings are uniform dark grey. The hindwings are grey up to the base. The rest of the hindwings is dark grey. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
 Dysgonia pudica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is mainly found in Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire.
 Paracles vulpina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Uruguay Argentina and Brazil.
 Miniodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Argyresthia semifusca is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is about 12 mm. Adults are on the wing from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Crataegus and Sorbus aucuparia.
 Arouva is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1864.
 Villarica is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species Villarica villaricae which is found in Chile (Araucania Region).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is preserved in the form of a white dorsal blotch followed towards the costa by brownish cream interfascia. The apical area is cream somewhat mixed with brownish olive. The tornal area is whitish. The markings are olive brown with brown suffusions and spots.
 The Prussian carp silver Prussian carp or Gibel carp (Carassius gibelio sometimes Carassius gibelio gibelio and before 2003 Carassius auratus gibelio) is a member of the family Cyprinidae which includes many other fish such as the common carp and the smaller minnows. It is a medium-sized cyprinid and does not exceed a weight of 6.6 pounds (3 kg) and a size of 45 cm. They are usually silver although other color variations exist.
 Metacrias huttoni is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Zealand where it is known from the eastern areas of the South Island in montane to low-alpine habitats.Adults males are brightly coloured and diurnal while females are buff coloured and extremely short-winged. They remain within their cocoon for mating and egg-laying.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Xenophora tenuis is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 The Black-tailed antechinus (Antechinus arktos) is a species of small carnivorous marsupial native to Australia.
 Sunfire (foaled 1925 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred and raced by the co-owner and president of Saratoga Race Course Richard T. Wilson Jr. he was sired by Wilson's Olambala a multiple winner of important races including the Latonia Derby and Suburban Handicap and sire of several top runners including the 1916 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt Campfire and Belmont and Preakness Stakes winner Pillory.Sunfire was conditioned for racing by future U.S.
 The Rufous-chested Plover or Rufous-chested Dotterel (Charadrius modestus) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family.It breeds in southern parts of Argentina and Chile and on the Falkland Islands. Some birds migrate north in winter reaching as far as Uruguay southern Brazil and occasionally Peru.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and sandy shores.
 Liptena catalina the Red-patch Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae are possibly associated with ground-dwelling ants.
 The Spot-breasted Lapwing (Vanellus melanocephalus) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family. It is endemic to the Ethiopian highlands.
 The spineless forest lizard is one of four Calotes species endemic to Sri Lanka which all share a common set of characteristics (2). These include a relatively short head with swollen cheeks backwards or backwards and downwards pointing scales on the side of the body and a tail that is strongly swollen at the base in fully grown adult males (2).
 Daphnella pernobilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Telmatobius arequipensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru. It has an altitudinal range of 2000-4500m asl. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical shrubland grassland rivers swamps canals and ditches. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is a riparian semi-aquatic frog. It is present in streams wet grassland and shrublands and ditches. It may be found in modified habitats wherever there are streams or ditches. Eggs are laid in the water.
 Tytroca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Heteracantha depressa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Heteracantha.
 The Splendid Palpita Snout Moth Ash Pyralid or Ash Leafroller (Palpita magniferalis) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in eastern North America.The wingspan is 23-27 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October.The larvae feed on Fraxinus species.
 Echinoida is an order of sea urchins in the class Echinoidea. They are distinguished from other sea urchins by simultaneously possessing both an un-sculpted test and a feeding lantern with large plates fused across the top of each pyramid.
 The Desert Spadefoot Toad (Notaden nichollsi) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes hot deserts and temperate desert.
 Megarhyssa atratus is a species of large ichneumon wasp. It is known from the North America where it is found from Quebec Michigan Ohio and North and South Carolina to Florida.Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae are parasitoids of wood-boring insects including woodwasp larvae in dead deciduous trees.
 Typhlodaphne translucida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Ponder (foaled in 1946 died 1958) an American Thoroughbred racehorse was the son of the 1944 Kentucky Derby winner Pensive and sire of the winner of the 1956 Kentucky Derby Needles. Ponder himself won the Derby in 1949.
 Medama diplaga is a moth in the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Taiwan and India.
 Gynandromyia saegeri is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae.
 Callisphecia oberthueri is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 Xenorhina minima is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Stlengis is a genus of sculpins native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where they are only known from the waters around Japan.
 Leptolucania ommata the Pygmy killifish is a species of North American killifish found only in the southeastern United States. This fish is also found in the aquarium trade. This species grows to a length of 3 centimetres (1.2 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Emydidae commonly called the pond turtles or marsh turtles are a family of turtles. Previously several species of Asian box turtles were classified in the family. However revised taxonomy has separated them to a different family. Now Emydidae with the exception of two species of pond turtles is entirely a Western Hemisphere family. The family Emydidae includes close to 50 species in 10 genera.
 Nautilus belauensis also known as the Palau nautilus is a species of nautilus native to the waters around the Pacific island nation of Palau. N. belauensis is very similar to Nautilus pompilius and shares with this species a closed umbilicus covered with a callus. It differs on the basis of a modified radula and fine raised ridges across and along the shell which form a cross-grid texture. N. belauensis is the second-largest nautilus after the giant form of N. pompilius pompilius.
 The horn-skinned bat (Eptesicus floweri) is a species of vesper bat. It can be found in Mali and Sudan. It is found in subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and hot deserts.
 Orcula zilchi is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orculidae. This species is known from the type locality in Bulgaria and three localities in Turkey.
 Callechelys randalli is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 1998. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the Marquesan Islands in the eastern central Pacific Ocean. It is known to inhabit sand at a depth of 35 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 46.4 centimetres.
 Eulamprotes helotella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain Portugal France Italy Greece Corsica Sardinia and Crete.
 Acrocercops fuscapica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Nigeria.
 Clarkesvillia is an Upper Ordovician westonocerid genus the differs from Faberoceras in having a more flattened venter and from the later Glyptodendron in having a more ventrally located siphuncle.
 Ichoria chrostosomides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Sanguine Poison Frog Zaparo's Poison Frog or Rana Venenosa (Allobates zaparo) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Glossoscolecidae are a large family of earthworms which has native representatives in South and Central America. The species Pontoscolex corethrurus has a circumtropical distribution.They are found mostly in forest but one species lives primarily in coastal beach sand. The earthworms in this family can reach up to 2 m in length.
 Allacma fusca is a species of springtail. This species is endemic to western areas of Continental Europe and the British Isles.
 Darantoides is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 The similar scavenger species Aglossa cuprina formerly misidentified as Aglossa pinguinalis is most commonly known as the Grease Moth. It belongs to lepidopteran family Pyralidae (the snout moths).
 Poecilopeplus corallifer is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Stum in 1826.
 Acrolophus satyrisca is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Mimandria cataractae is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Scopula nigrinotata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Ethiopia Ghana Malawi Nigeria Sierra Leone South Africa Sudan Uganda and Zimbabwe.
 The Lesser Kiskadee (Pitangus lictor) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Panama Peru Suriname Trinidad and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and swamps. It is sometimes considered to be in the monotypic genus Philohydor.The Lesser Kiskadee 19 cm (7.5 in) long lives from Panama to Bolivia always along waterways. Its call is a nondescript whistle.
 Paracrias is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Argentina striata the Striated argentine is a species of herring smelt found in the western Atlantic Ocean from Nova Scotia in Canada to Uruguay where it occurs at depths of 100 to 600 metres (330 to 1970 ft). This species grows to a length of 24 centimetres (9.4 in).
 Cyriopagopus is a genus of old-world tarantula found in Southeast Asia.
 Criodion dejeani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Spoladea is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coeloptera is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The rosy boa (Lichanura trivirgata) is a snake of the Boidae family one of only two members of that family native to the United States. The other is the rubber boa (Charina bottae). The rosy boa is native to the American Southwest and Baja California and Sonora Mexico.
 Platycypha is a genus of African damselflies in the jewel damselfly family (Chlorocyphidae).The genus contains the following species:Platycypha amboniensis (Martin 1915) - Montane Dancing-jewelPlatycypha auripes (Förster 1906) - Golden Dancing-jewelPlatycypha caligata (Selys 1853) - Dancing JewelPlatycypha eliseva Dijkstra 2008Platycypha fitzsimonsi Pinhey 1950 - Boulder JewelPlatycypha inyangae Pinhey 1958Platycypha lacustris (Förster 1914)Platycypha picta (Pinhey 1962)Platycypha pinheyi Fraser 1950Platycypha rufitibia (Pinhey 1961) - Red-booted Jewel↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 4.0 4.1 ↑
 Gay Crusader (1914–1932) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won a wartime version of the English Triple Crown in 1917. In a career which lasted from September 1916 and October 1917 he ran ten times and won eight races including his last seven in succession. In addition to his three Classic wins he defeated older horses in the Newmarket Gold Cup and the Champion Stakes. Because of wartime restrictions all of his races were at Newmarket Racecourse.
 Heliozela gracilis is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1873. It is found in North America including Texas.
 Spilosoma yemenensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1916. It is found in Yemen.
 Paraorlovia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Prunum coltrorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Landanichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Danian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
 Epuraea guttata is a species of sap beetle of the subfamily Carpophilinae.
 Fustius gregerseni is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from western Thailand.The wingspan is about 14.5 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax the basal part of the costa the triangular patch of the medial area the small patches of the lower subterminal area and the terminal area including the fringes are black. The forewing is long and narrow with a pointed apex. It has a beige ground colour suffused with few light brown scales.
 The Ouachita Mountain shiner (Lythrurus snelsoni) is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae.It is found only in the United States.
 The Tabby Knot-horn (Euzophera pinguis) is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 23–28 mm. The moths are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Fraxinus excelsior.
 Calamothespis condamini is a species of praying mantis in the genus Calamothespis in the order Mantodea.
 Barbus chlorotaenia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Megalagrion oceanicum is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii. It inhabits rivers in the Waiʻanae and Koʻolau ranges. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pan (1805 – circa 1822) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from June 1808 to July 1814 he had six different owners ran twenty times and won nine races. His most important success came on his only appearance as a three year old in 1808 when he won the Derby as a 25/1 outsider. Pan won another eight races over the next four seasons running mainly in match races at Newmarket.
 Helobdella robusta is a leech of the family glossiphoniidae. Its genome has been sequenced by the Joint Genome Institute and its early development has been studied extensively.Helobdella leeches called H. robusta in literature may not all be from the same species though they are closely related. At least two species originally termed H. robusta are present at the same locality the Sacramento River at the Sacramento Fairgrounds. Another closely related leech is now called Helobdella sp.
 Eupithecia norquinco is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Conus albellus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails cone shells or cones.
 Ochyrotica diehli is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Ussara hilarodes is a species of sedge moths in the genus Ussara. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India (Assam).
 Macroglossum melas is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia Papua New Guinea and the Salomon Islands.It is similar to Macroglossum heliophila but the body and wings have a much deeper colour and the upper- and undersides are almost black. The head upperside has a thin white line above the eye. The abdomen upperside has small yellow spots.
 Eupithecia robiginascens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from the southern and western Himalaya (Pakistan Jammu and Kashmir Nepal India (Himachal Pradesh Uttar Pradesh Sikkim) and Bhutan) to southern China (Sichuan Yunnan) and northern Myanmar.
 Cerithiopsis tenthrenois is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from European waters including the Mediterranean Sea. It was described by Melvill in 1896.
 Euchalcia maria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic of the Levant. It is found from south-eastern Turkey to Israel.Adults are on wing from March to May. There is one generation per year.
 Psilocerea vestitaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.Its wingspan is 1.9/10 inches = 48.3 mm.The original description by Swinhoe from 1904 is:PSILOCEREA VESTITARIA nov.(Fem).
 Spider beetles are the approximately 500 species of beetles in the subfamily Ptininae of the family Anobiidae. They are sometimes considered a family in their own right which is then called Ptinidae. Spider beetles have round bodies with long slender legs and lack wings. They are generally 1–5 mm long. Both the larvae and the adults are scavengers. They reproduce at the rate of two to three generations per year.
 Pagothenia is a genus of cod icefishes native to the Southern Ocean.
 Mordella vittacollis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1917.
 Coralliophila cancellarioidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Laxmann's shrew (Sorex caecutiens) is a species of shrew. An adult Laxmann's Shrew has a weight of 3-11 grams and a body length of 4.8-7.8 cm with a tail of 3.9-5.2 cm. It is reported across northern Eurasia from the Baltic to the Sea of Japan including Hokkaidō Sakhalin and the Korean Peninsula. It favors high mountain forests but is sometimes found in lowland areas as well.
 Bembecia staryi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in the Kaçkar Mountains in Georgia and Turkey.
 Helcogramma steinitzi known commonly as the Red triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Clark in 1980.
 Bufo cryptotympanicus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. Known commonly as the earless toad it is found in southern China (Guangxi and Guangdong provinces) and northern Vietnam (on/near Mount Fansipan). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.Earless toad is about 68 mm (2.7 in) in length.
 Pleiomorpha symmetra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The side-striped jackal (Canis adustus) is a species of jackal native to central and southern Africa. Unlike its cousin the smaller black-backed jackal which dwells in open plains the side-striped jackal primarily dwells in woodland and scrub areas.
 Melittomma is a genus of beetles in the family Lymexylidae containing the following species: Melittomma africanum Thomson 1858 Melittomma albitarsis Blair 1936 Melittomma auberti Fairmaire 1891 Melittomma benitonum Fairmaire 1901 Melittomma brasiliense Laporte de Castelnau 1832 Melittomma brunnea Fonseca & Vieira 2001 Melittomma coomani Pic 1945 Melittomma javanicum Chevrolat 1829 Melittomma lateritium Fairmaire 1887 Melittomma marginellum Schenkling 1914 Melittomma nana Fonseca & Vieira 2001 Melittomma oculare (Nakane 1963) Melittomma panamensis Fonseca & Vieira 2001 Melittomma perrieri Fairmaire 1901 Melittomma pervagum (Olliff 1889) Melittomma pubicolle Pic 1944 Melittomma sericeum Harris 1841 Melittomma sicardi Pic 1939b Melittomma vigilans (Lea 1912)↑
 Kageronia is a genus of mayflies in the family Heptageniidae.
 Thomasomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae named after British zoologist Oldfield Thomas. Nuclear DNA sequence analysis has indicated that it is a sister taxon to Rhagomys.
 Henricus turbula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tamaulipas Chiapas) and Guatemala.
 The Lesser Vasa Parrot or Black Parrot (Coracopsis nigra) is a black coloured parrot native to Comoros Madagascar Mayotte and Seychelles. It is one of two species of vasa parrots the other being the Greater Vasa Parrot C. vasa; although the subspecies C. n. barklyi of the Seychelles is sometimes split as a third species the Seychelles Parrot.[citation needed]Lesser Vasa Parrots inhabit the mangrove swamps and evergreen forests of Madagascar and the Seychelles Islands.
 Recilia setosa is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Pakistan.
 Pomatiopsidae is a family of small mainly freshwater snails (some also occur in other habitats) that have gills and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rissooidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Pomatiopsidae are well known as intermediate hosts of Asian schistosomes.
 Cambaroides dauricus is a species of crayfish endemic to north-eastern China the Korean Peninsula and neighbouring parts of Russia.
 Oxynoemacheilus kermanshahensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Eleutherodactylus fallax is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Doronomyrmex goesswaldi is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is found in France and Switzerland.
 Migoplastis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The hooded spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi grisescens ) is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey a type of New World monkey from Central America native to Panama. It also might be found in a small portion of Colombia adjacent to Panama. In western Colombia and northeast Panama it is replaced by the Black-headed spider monkey A. fusciceps. In western Panama it is replaced by another subspecies of Geoffroy's Spider Monkey the Ornate spider monkey A. g. ornatus.
 Metarctia rufescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Burundi the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Kenya Mozambique Rwanda South Africa Tanzania and Zambia.
 Conus scopulorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Cubiceps is a genus of driftfishes found circumglobally.
 The Firebrat (Thermobia domestica sometimes listed as Thermophila furnorum) is a small insect (typically 1–1.5 cm) similar to the Silverfish both in the order Thysanura.Firebrats prefer higher temperatures and require some humidity and can be found in bakeries and near boilers or furnaces. They feed on a wide variety of carbohydrates and starches that are also protein sources such as dog food flour and book bindings.
 Amaurobius candia is a spider species found in Crete.
 Protomeroleuca is a monotypic genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It contains only the species Protomeroleuca perlides Berio 1966 from Madagascar.
 Scombrosarda is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Turbonilla xartoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pseudopostega nepalensis is a species of moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 1999. It is known only from Nepal.
 The Milne-Edwards' sportive lemur (Lepilemur edwardsi) or Milne-Edwards' weasel lemur is a species of lemur in the Lepilemuridae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pterochrozini is a tribe of insects in the family Tettigoniidae (bush crickets or katydids) which are mimics of leaves.
 Asovia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mordellistena trilineata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Mulsant in 1856.
 Notocelia cynosbatella is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe to eastern Russia it is also found in Asia Minor Iran and Mongolia.The wingspan is 16–22 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June.The larvae feed on Rosa and occasionally also on Rubus Pyrus Malus Prunus Cydonia Myrica Carpinus and Quercus. The larvae damage cultivated roses feeding in the flower buds and young shoots or between two spun leaves.
 Sycon ciliatum is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Sycettidae.Sponges are marine invertebrates with a jellylike mesohyl sandwiched between two layers of cells. They are filter feeders maintaining a flow of water through their structure which passes out through large openings called oscula. They have a fragile skeleton composed of stiff spicules.
 Leptocroca vinaria is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1914. It is found in New Zealand.
 Callochromis pleurospilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika excepting the southern end. Its preferred habitat consists of sandy bottoms with nearby rocks. This fish reaches a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Euzophera paghmanicola is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Roesler in 1973 and is known from Afghanistan.
 Nototriton richardi is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Costa Rica.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Attacus caesar is a moth from the Saturniidae family. Attacus caesar lives in south Philippines.
 Pecten novaezealandiae common name the New Zealand scallop is a bivalve mollusc of the family Pectinidae the scallops.
 Mordella t-album is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Cenchrometopa curvinervis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Cenchrometopa of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Western Rosella (Platycercus icterotis) less commonly known as the Stanley Rosella Earl of Derby's parakeet or Yellow-cheeked parakeet is the smallest species of rosella and is found in the South West of Australia. in Eucalypt forests and timbered areas. These are smallish parrots measuring 25–30 cm (9.8–11.8 in) in length and weighing from 28 to 80 g (0.99 to 2.82 oz) with an average of 63.3 g (2.23 oz).
 Rouleina is a genus of slickheads.
 Parandrinae is a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae). This subfamily includes only a few genera. These beetles are very atypical for cerambycids in that the antennae are quite short and the tarsi have 5 easily-visible segments; they are thus rather similar in appearance to stag beetles.Parandrinae contains the following genera: Acutandra Birandra Erichsonia Neandra Parandra↑
 Archilema is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Orgyia antiquoides is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in most of Europe the Ural Armenia Mongolia and China.The wingspan is 20–24 mm for males. The females are wingless. Adult males are on wing from July to early September in one generation in western Europe.The larvae feed on Rubus chamaemorus Sorbus aucuparia Calluna vulgaris Vaccinium uliginosum Andromeda polifolia and Empetrum nigrum. Larvae can be found from May to July.
 Tulpius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Bostrychoplites cornutus is a beetle species in the genus Bostrychoplites.
 Imaclava asaedai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The montane shrew (Sorex monticolus) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found in Alaska western Canada the western United States and Mexico.
 Nemegtosaurus (meaning 'Nemegt lizard') was a sauropod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia. Nemegtosaurus was named after the Nemegt Basin in the Gobi Desert where the remains — a single skull — were found. The skull resembles diplodocoids in being long and low with pencil-shaped teeth.
 The longhorn beetles (Cerambycidae; also known as long-horned beetles or longicorns) are a cosmopolitan family of beetles typically characterized by extremely long antennae which are often as long as or longer than the beetle's body. In various members of the family however the antennae are quite short (e.g. Neandra brunnea figured below) and such species can be difficult to distinguish from related beetle families such as Chrysomelidae.
 Mordellistena postcoxalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Lea in 1931.
 The Larut Hills Rice Frog (Microhyla annectens) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Malaysia and possibly Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Propeamussiidae are a taxonomic family of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the order Ostreoida. This family is related to oysters and scallops and contains nine genera.
 Heliothelopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Babella caelata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve species in the Babella genus of Gastropods.
 Polyptychus anochus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Sierra Leone to Nigeria and the Congo.The wingspan is 30–33 mm.
 Synodontis omias is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Niger River basin of Guinea Mali Niger and Nigeria. This species grows to a length of 43 centimetres (17 in) TL.
 The Small Western Froglet (Crinia subinsignifera) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Yariguies Brush-finch (Atlapetes latinuchus yariguierum) is a subspecies of the Yellow-breasted Brush-finch discovered in 2004 in Colombia.
 Pseudosterrha paulula is a moth of the Geometridae family.
 Nipponotrophon scitulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Vertigo alpestris is a species of minute air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 Bucculatrix acrogramma is a moth of the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Tarahumara salamander (Ambystoma rosaceum) is a freshwater species of mole salamander in the Ambystomatidae family endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers freshwater marshes pastureland and ponds.The Tarhumara salamander may actually be two different species separated by the Sierra Madre Occidentental in northwestern Mexico.
 Zographus oculator the Orange-eyed Long-horn Beetle is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 The mirror dory Zenopsis nebulosa is a dory of the family Zeidae found in the southern Pacific Ocean at depths of between 30 and 800 m. Its length is up to 70 cm. The mirror dory has a high first dorsal fin containing 9 spiny rays and about 27 soft rays in the second. The forward set of pelvic fin rays are very elongated.
 Bolitaenidae is a family of small common pelagic octopuses found in all tropical and temperate oceans of the world. The family's taxonomy is not entirely certain; recent research suggests there should be just two genera Bolitaena and Japetella both of which are thought to be monotypic. Under this view the family would represent two very similar species: Bolitaena pygmaea and Japetella diaphana.
 The Sharp Snouted Day Frog or Sharp-nosed Torrent Frog (Taudactylus acutirostris) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to upland rainforest streams in north-eastern Queensland in Australia. It was a diurnal conspicuous and locally abundant species but a rapid population decline began in 1988.
 Phryganopsis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Chloroclystis pugnax is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The eastern black-bridged leaf turtle Cyclemys pulchristiata is a species of Asian leaf turtles found in southern Indochina.
 The White-spectacled Bulbul also known as the Yellow-vented Bulbul Pycnonotus xanthopygos is a small bird a bit bigger than a sparrow. It is 20-25 centimeters in length and its wingspan is 20–25 centimeters. A stable bird that lives in fruit plantations gardens cities etc. It is the most common member of the Bulbul family in Israel and Lebanon.
 Polyortha paranae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Gatekeeper (Pyronia tithonus) sometimes called the Hedge Brown is most commonly found in South and East Britain and confined to coastal areas of south and southeast Ireland. It is also found in the Channel Islands but not in Scotland nor the Isle of Man. Given its preference for warmer weather it can be assumed that the restriction of range expansion is due to climate.
 Mordellistena sexnotata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Dury in 1902.
 Pseudoscaphirhynchus is a genus of fish in the Acipenseridae family. The three species all of which are threatened are restricted to Central Asia.
 Knipowitschia ephesi is a species of goby endemic to Turkey where it occurs in stagnant or nearly stagnant fresh waters.
 Dichomeris aomoriensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Park and Hodges 1995. It is known from Honshu Japan.
 Tarachodes tananus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Aurora house snake Lamprophis aurora is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
 Apisa hildae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in Namibia.
 The Orange Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus victor) also known as Flame Dove is a small approximately 20 cm (8 in) long short-tailed fruit-dove in the family Columbidae. One of the most colorful doves the male has a golden olive head and elongated bright orange hair-like body feathers. The golden-olive remiges are typically covered by the long orange wing coverts when perched. The legs bill and orbital skin are bluish-green and the iris is whitish.
 The Russian bitterling (Acheilognathus asmussii) or Spiny bitterling is a temperate freshwater fish belonging to the Acheilognathinae sub-family of the Cyprinidae family. It originates in the Amur River basin in Asia and is found in China and Russia. It was originally described as Devario asmussii by Benedykt Dybowski in 1872.The fish will grow in length up to 16 centimetres (6 in). It lives in a temperate climate in water with a temperature range of 18°C to 22°C (64°F to 72°F).
 The Cooper Creek catfish Neosiluroides cooperensis is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Plotosidae and is the only species of the genus Neosiluroides. It is known from the Cooper Creek system of the Lake Eyre drainage.
 Orconectes immunis the calico crayfish or papershell crayfish is a species of North American freshwater crayfish which has also been introduced to Europe where it lives along the Upper Rhine. It lives in slow-flowing bodies of water and can survive by burrowing if they dry out.
 Carrhenes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Kanole forest tree frog Leptopelis parvus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are moist savannas swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Sabatinca delobelli is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Viette in 1978 and is known from New Caledonia.
 Bathybembix is a genus of deep-water sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliotropidae.This genus was originally called Bembix by Robert B. Watson ( but as this was a junior homonym of Bembix Fabricius 1775 [Hymenoptera] it was declared invalid. It was renamed in 1893 by Crosse as Bathybembix
 Leptoxis ampla common name the round rocksnail is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.This species is endemic to the United States specifically the state of Alabama. The snail has been listed as threatened on the United States Fish and Wildlife Service list of endangered species since 28 October 1998.Leptoxis ampla is a vulnerable species according to the IUCN Red list.
 Pastria grinpela is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is widespread throughout the Central Cordillera in Papua New Guinea as well as western New Guinea.
 Agonum extensicolle is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily that can be found in the United States and Canada.
 Banisia clathrula is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in Mauritius and Réunion.Its wingspan is around 35 mm.
 Hydrelia parvularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Cycloramphus fulginosus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Roosmalen's dwarf porcupine Sphiggurus roosmalenorum is a porcupine species from the New World porcupine family endemic to northern Brazil. It is named for Marc van Roosmalen and his son Tomas whose collections from the middle Madeira included the first known specimens.
 Abrostola clarissa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread from Turkey to south-western Iran the Caucasian Region and northern Iraq. In the Levant it is recorded from Syria Lebanon and Israel.Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.
 Dryptus is a species of air-breathing land snails a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amphibulimidae.
 Ciliopagurus tenebrarum is a species of hermit crab native to Cape Comorin.
 Dideopsis is a genus of hoverflies found in Asia and Australasia.
 The granular dogfish Centroscyllium granulatum is a little-known very small dogfish shark of the family Dalatiidae endemic to the Falkland Islands.
 The Sakeji horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus sakejiensis) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna especially Zambia Mwinilunga District Ikelenge Pedicle between the Sakeji and Zambezi rivers approximately 11 km NNE of source of Zambezi River Kavunda 11°17'S 24°21'E 1388 m. It is threatened by habitat loss. It was discovered in 2000
 The New Guinean Rat (Rattus novaeguineae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Auratonota oxytenia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish represented fasciae. The colour is glossy white along the edges of the markings. These markings are brownish. The hindwings are brownish.
 Blanchard's Ghost or Tree Nymph (Idea blanchardii) is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
 Tupiocoris rhododendi is a species of bugs in Miridae family that can be found in the United States and in European countries like Belgium Germany United Kingdom and the Netherlands. The species have black pronotum with brown wings and yellow legs. The species feed exclusively on rhododendron.
 Pseudischnocampa nigridorsata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1901. It is found in Peru Argentina and Ecuador.
 Bipectilus tindalei is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Vietnam.
 The Eastern Carrion Crow (Corvus corone orientalis) is a member of the crow family and a subspecies of the Carrion Crow. Differences from the nominate subspecies include a larger size at a length about 500 millimetres (20 in) and more graduated outer tail feathers. The Eastern Carrion Crow is found in Siberia from the Yenisei to Japan south to Central Asia Afghanistan Eastern Persia Kashmir Tibet and northern China. They generally lay three-five eggs in trees or buildings.
 Harpa common name the harp snails is a genus of large predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Harpidae.Harpa is the type genus of the family Harpidae.
 Wool Winder (5 April 1904–28 November 1928) also known as Woolwinder was a British-bred and raced Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1907 St. Leger Stakes. Wool Winder excelled as a three-year-old but suffered from health problems in his later career running rarely in 1908 and 1909. Sold and exported to Austria-Hungary in 1909 he became a successful sire of winners in the 1910s and 1920s before his death of an intestinal infection in 1928.
 Schistometopum thomense is a species of amphibian in the family Dermophiidae endemic to São Tomé and Ilhéu das Rolas.It is found in most soils on São Tomé from tropical moist lowland forests to coastal coconut plantations. It is absent only from the driest northern areas of the island.
 Sloanbaatar is a mammal genus that lived in Mongolia during the Upper Cretaceous. It lived at the same time as the dinosaurs. This animal was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and the family Sloanbaataridae.The genus Sloanbaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. in 1970. The name means Sloan's hero in honour of paleontologist R.E.
 Orsotricha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Orthotylus bureschi is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in European countries such as Bulgaria and Greece.
 Brentidae is a cosmopolitan family of primarily xylophagous beetles also known as straight-snouted weevils. The concept of this family has been recently expanded with the inclusion of three groups formerly placed in the Curculionidae; the subfamilies Apioninae Cyladinae and Nanophyinae as well as the Ithycerinae previously considered a separate family. They are most diverse in the tropics but occur throughout the temperate regions of the world.
 Aedes cinereus is a mosquito species in the genus Aedes.
 Anchinia is a genus of gelechioid moths. In the systematic layout used here it is placed in the subfamily Amphisbatinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae).
 Isurus is a genus of mackerel sharks in the family Lamnidae commonly known as the mako sharks. There are two living species the common shortfin mako shark (Isurus oxyrinchus) and the rare longfin mako shark (Isurus paucus) and several extinct species known from fossils. They range in length from 2.5 to 4.5 metres (9 to 15 feet) and have an approximate maximum weight of 800 kg (1750 lb). The family Lamnidae also includes sharks such as the great white shark and porbeagle.
 The Rufous-crowned Babbler (Malacopteron magnum) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Magicicada neotredecim is the most recently discovered species of periodical cicada. Like all Magicicada species M. neotredicim has reddish eyes and wing veins and a black dorsal thorax. It has a 13-year life cycle but seems to be most closely related to the 17-year species Magicicada septendecim.
 Chromileptes is a genus of fish in the Serranidae family. It contains only one species the humpback grouper (C. altivelis)
 Barbus aloyi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Stigmella fasciata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Slovenia Croatia Greece and Turkey.The wingspan is 4.3–5 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an extremely densely wound corridor resembling a brown dot. Only the last part of the corridor loosens itself from the knot.
 Bibacta was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Hydrillodes.
 Ortalotrypeta gigas is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ortalotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Lampronia russatella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in mesic forests in eastern North America.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with a purplish sheen. There is a yellowish white band near the base of the wing and two creamy spots on the termen. The hindwings are grey with reddish tinge. Adults are on wing from May to July.
 Blastobasis monozona is a moth of the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The White-cheeked Bushtit (Aegithalos leucogenys) also known as the White-cheeked Tit is a species of bird in the Aegithalidae family. It is found in Afghanistan Kashmir region and Pakistan.
 Blepharidopterus chlorionis known commonly as the honeylocust plant bug and under the synonym Diaphnocoris chlorionis is a hemipteran in the family Miridae. They are a major pest of the honey locust tree (Gleditsia tricanthos) a deciduous tree native to central North America.
 The Sumatran orangutan (Pongo abelii) is one of the two species of orangutans. Found only on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia it is rarer than the Bornean orangutan.
 Ianthella basta or elephant ear sponge is a species of fan-shaped sponge in the class Demospongiae. It is also known as the paper sponge or scroll sponge.Sponges are marine invertebrates with a jellylike mesohyl sandwiched between two layers of cells. They are filter feeders maintaining a flow of water through their structure which passes out through large openings called oscula. They have a fragile skeleton of stiff spicules.
 Mitra alborufa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Bronzy Inca (Coeligena coeligena) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Diamond Firetail (Stagonopleura guttata) is a species of estrildid finch that is endemic to Australia.
 Leptodactylus fallax commonly known as the Giant Ditch Frog is a species of frog that is native to the Caribbean islands of Dominica and Montserrat. The population has declined 80% in the last ten years and this species is now critically endangered. In 2004 it was estimated that the population possibly was as low as 8000 individuals. One of the main threats is human consumption. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis has also had a dramatic effect on the population.
 Chorrera idiotes is a species of snout moth. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914. It is found in Panama.The wingspan is about 14 millimetres (0.55 in) for males and 17 mm (0.67 in) for females. The forewings are dark grey with a slightly luteous underground irrorated with black. The hindwings are pure white and translucent.
 Metriotes jaeckhi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Portugal and Spain.
 Cyathermia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Neomphalidae.
 Homophylotis thyridota is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found in north-eastern Queensland.The length of the forewings is 5-5.5 mm for males and 5 mm for females. The upperside of the forewings is dark grey-brown sometimes with a faint greenish tinge. The underside is paler. The hindwing upper- and underside is dark grey brown with a translucent central area of slightly variable size and shape crossed by densely scaled fuscous veins.
 Eupithecia missionerata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Inanidrilus mexicanus is a species of Annelid worm.
 Amorophaga are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 First Island (21 February 1992 – June 1997) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He showed unexceptional form in his early racing career but emerged as a top-class racehorse as a four-year-old in 1996 winning the Prince of Wales's Stakes and Sussex Stakes before becoming the first European-trained horse to win the Hong Kong Cup. He returned in 1997 to win the Lockinge Stakes but died a month later at the age of five.
 The Slaty Tanager (Creurgops dentatus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Armatobalanus is a genus of crustacean in family Balanidae.
 Pristidactylus alvaroi is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae with the common name Alvaro's Lizard. This taxon is endemic to the Chilean matorral ecoregion within Chile.
 Glyphipterix lineovalvae is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Arita and Heppner in 1992. It is found in Taiwan.
 Lepas anserifera is a species of goose barnacle or stalked barnacle in the family Lepadidae. It lives attached to floating timber ships' hulls and various sorts of flotsam.
 Vertiginidae common name the whorl snails is a family of minute air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.
 Eleutherodactylus izecksohni is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Limbatochlamys pararosthorni is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shaanxi Gansu Sichuan and Chongqing).The length of the forewings is 30-32 mm for males and 33-34 mm for females.
 The Grey-tailed Tattler or Polynesian Tattler Tringa brevipes (formerly Heteroscelus brevipes: Pereira & Baker 2005; Banks et al. 2006) is a small foraging shorebird in the genus Tringa and breeds in northeast Siberia. After breeding they migrate to an area from southeast Asia to Australia.
 Iheringichthys labrosus is a species of long-whiskered catfish native to the Paraná River basin and Uruguay River basin in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. This species grows to a length of 29.7 centimetres (11.7 in) TL.
 The Malabar tree toad or warty Asian tree toad (Pedostibes tuberculosus) is a species of toad found in forests along the Western Ghats of India south of Goa. It is small and is found in wet tree hollows or leaf bases containing water.
 The Pylojacquesidae are a small family of hermit crabs comprising only two species in two genera. The family was erected in 2001 after two specimens at Museum für Naturkunde at the Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin were recognised as being quite distinct from other described hermit crabs. The family members differ from other hermit crabs in that their mandibles are chitinous and toothed.
 Cyclophoroidea is a superfamily of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropods within the informal group Architaenioglossa that belongs to the clade Caenogastropoda.These terrestrial gastropods have lost the ctenidium (comb-like respiratory apparatus) and osphradium and the pallial cavity has been modified as a lung.
 Engaewa is a genus of burrowing crayfish belonging to the family Parastacidae. There are five recognised species all endemic to the high-rainfall zone of south-west Western Australia from Dunsborough to Albany. They are all small (up to 5 cm) and found only in freshwater swamps and seepages.
 Anasyntormon is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Flax newirlandi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea (it was described from the Bismarck Islands near the centre of New Ireland).The wingspan is about 9 mm. The forewings (including fringes) are light brown with brown subterminal and terminal areas. The base of the costa and the quadrangular patch in the upper medial area are dark brown with a black dot in inner lower area. The crosslines are indistinct and brown.
 Pollex flavimacula is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from West Sumatra.The wingspan is 9-10 mm. The forewing is narrow and blackish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Amphimallon bruckii is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
 Payraudeautia is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Crassispira dysoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Scaly-throated Foliage-gleaner (Anabacerthia variegaticeps) also known as the Spectacled Foliage-gleaner is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Belize Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Callimantis is a genus of mantis of the family Mantidae consisting of only one species Callimantis antillarum.
 Brephidium is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. They are known commonly as pygmy blues. The members (species) of this genus have a disjunct distribution. Two of the three species are found in the Americas; the third is found in South Africa.
 Hyposmocoma ipohapuu is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known only from Volcano Village on Hawaii. It is probably restricted to the rainforest areas around Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. The elevation for the type locality is approximately 1200 meters.The length of the forewings is 5 mm for males and 5.8 mm for females. Adults have a forewing pattern that differs from any other described species in the Hyposmocoma genus.
 Heliobletus is a genus of bird in the Furnariidae family. It contains only one described species the Sharp-billed Treehunter. In 2005 a new species of treehunter was discovered in the Serra das Lontras region of Bahia state in Brazil but it has not yet been formally described.
 Enneanectes carminalis known commonly as the Carmine triplefin or the Delicate triplefin in Mexico and the United Kingdom is a species of triplefin blenny. It is a tropical blenny known from reefs from Mexico to Panama in the eastern central Pacific Ocean. It was originally described by D.S. Jordan and C.H. Gilbert in 1882 as Tripterygium carminale. Blennies in this species can reach a maximum length of 3 centimetres and feed primarily off of benthic algae and invertebrates.
 Favonigobius lentiginosus is a species of goby native to the coastal waters of Australia and New Zealand. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 Ibisia is a genus of 'ibis flies' belonging to the family Athericidae a small family very similar to Rhagionidae ('Snipe Flies').
 Mordellistena coelioxys is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by Lea.
 Eight Thirty (1936–1965) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. He was owned by George D. Widener Jr. and bred by his Erdenheim Farm. Widener is one of only five people ever named an Exemplar of Racing. Eight Thirty was a descendant of Fair Play who had been purchased from the estate of August Belmont Jr. by Widener's uncle Joseph E.
 Synanthedon colchidensis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is restricted to the Caucasian Mountains.The larvae feed on Abies nordmanniana. They live in swellings caused by a fungus. In springtime the larva constructs a very characteristic exit tube from the root to ground level.
 The Southern Fulmar (Fulmarus glacialoides) is a seabird of the Southern Hemisphere. Along with the Northern Fulmar F. glacialis it belongs to the fulmar genus Fulmarus in the family Procellariidae the true petrels. It is also known as the Antarctic Fulmar or Silver-grey Fulmar.It is largely pale grey above and white below with a distinctive white patch on the wing. It breeds on the coast of Antarctica and on surrounding islands moving north in winter.
 Virbia hypophaea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Costa Rica and Brazil.
 Rissoa scurra is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Polylophota is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1906.
 Trachyglanis minutus is a species of loach catfish found in the Ubangi River in the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It grows to a length of 5.0 cm.
 Agonopterix vendettella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France and Portugal and on Corsica and the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 18–21 mm.The larvae feed on Smyrnium olusatrum.
 Metappana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Atypha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Hieracium Plume Moth (Oxyptilus pilosellae) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in almost all of Europe east to Russia and Asia Minor. It was released as a biological control agent for Hieracium in New Zealand in 1998.The wingspan is 15–24 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August in western Europe.Young larvae feed within the roots of Hieracium species including Hieracium pilosella. Later instars feed on the flowerheads beneath a silken web.
 Guadalupe Murrelet (Synthliboramphus hypoleucus) is a small seabird found in the California Current system in the Pacific Ocean. This auk breeds on islands off California and Mexico. It is threatened by predators introduced to its breeding colonies and by oil spills[citation needed].This species together with the Scripps's Murrelet were considered conspecific and were known collectively as Xantus's Murrelet until 2012.
 Phyllocnistis insignis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family found throughout the United States (including Maine Illinois Ohio Maryland Michigan Kentucky Missouri Texas Georgia Florida and California).The hostplants for the species include Arnoglossum muehlenbergii Erechtites hieracifolia Prenanthes alba and Senecio aureus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a long narrow linear winding mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Gastromyzon auronigrus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Creurgops is a genus of relatively large and heavy-billed tanagers. They are found in the canopy of humid montane forest in the Andes of South America. They are mainly slaty grey above and rufous below except in the male Slaty Tanager where the underparts also are slaty grey. Males of both species have a crown patch which is lacking in the females. They commonly participate in mixed-species flocks.
 Peristernia sulcata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Lasionycta mutilata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Oregon and Yellowstone National Park Montana and Wyoming northward to the Alaskan Panhandle and the Rocky Mountains of Alberta. It is absent from the Queen Charlotte Islands.It is found in the high transition zone and subalpine conifer forests and is nocturnal.Adults are on wing from late June through August.
 Suillia crinimana is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Gorgopis lobata is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Eugnosta ochrolemma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Coahuila).
 Henicophaps is a small genus of doves. It includes just two species. New Guinea Bronzewing (Henicophaps albifrons) New Britain Bronzewing (Henicophaps foersteri)
 Phycita pedisignella is a species of snout moth. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia Greece and Turkey.The wingspan is about 25 mm.
 Puntius cauveriensis the Cauvery barb is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Cauvery River in Karnataka India.
 Cuban slider (Trachemys decussata) is a species of turtle. It is native to Cuba and Isla de la Juventud but has also been introduced to Grand Cayman and Cayman Brac in the Cayman Islands and Marie Galante (Guadeloupe).
 The Green-tailed Bristlebill (Bleda eximius) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in West Africa in south-west Ghana southern Ivory Coast Liberia southern Guinea and southern Sierra Leone.Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plagusia is a genus of crabs in the family Grapsidae containing the following species:Plagusia depressa (Fabricius 1775)Plagusia immaculata Lamarck 1818Plagusia integripes Garth 1973Plagusia speciosa Dana 1852Plagusia squamosa (Herbst 1790)↑ ↑
 Alvania incognita is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Western Hercules Beetle (Dynastes granti) is a species of rhinoceros beetle that lives in Arizona and Utah and in Mexico. It appears in August or September and grows to a size of 50–80 millimeters (2.0–3.1 in). The imagos usually live 2-4 months and the larvae may spend 2-3 years before they turn into adults. They are nocturnal and often attracted to lights and they are among the biggest beetles found in the U.S.
 Pachnodus velutinus was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerastidae. This species was endemic to the Seychelles. It is now extinct.
 Hemiphractus fasciatus is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Panama and possibly Costa Rica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss and the fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis.
 Mordellistena y-notata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1947.
 Lycomorpha splendens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1912. It is found in North America including Arizona California Nevada New Mexico Texas and Utah.The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to October.
 Odorrana chapaensis (Vietnam sucker frog or Chapa torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in southern Yunnan in China and in northern Vietnam. It is likely that it also occurs in nearby areas of Laos.Odorrana chapaensis lives in or near swift-flowing streams at altitudes of 800–1700 m (2600–5600 ft). In parts of its range it is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ectophasia crassipennis' is a species of 'parasitic flies' belonging to the family Tachinidae subfamily Phasiinae. This fly is present in most of Europe. The adults grow up to 5–9 millimetres (0.20–0.35 in) long and can mostly be encountered from early August through late September feeding on nectar of flowers (especially of Apiaceae and Asteraceae species).Their large compound eyes are reddish. In this quite variable species the body may be blackish or brownish.
 The Puna Thistletail (Asthenes helleri) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Peru and Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Stenocora is a genus of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It contains the following species: Stenocora percornuta
 Anisotenes oxygrapta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Cyclophora subsimilis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Zelotes is a genus of gnaphosid spiders with nearly 400 described species. The genus is distributed worldwide.
 The desert bandicoot (Perameles eremiana) is an extinct bandicoot of the arid country in the centre of Australia. The last known specimen was collected in 1943 on the Canning Stock Route in Western Australia.
 The Common Groundling (Teleiodes vulgella) is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is known from most of Europe east to the southern Ural and the Volga region.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. Adults have small blackish patches bordered by raised whitish scale-tufts.
 The Californian conger (Paraconger californiensis also known as the Ringeye conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Robert H. Kanazawa. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the eastern central and southeastern Pacific Ocean including Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama and Peru. It is known to dwell at a depth of 50 metres.
 The Kenyamyidae are the extinct family of rodent's from Africa.
 Nybelinella is a genus of blind cusk eels.
 Lissochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Leptus is a genus of large mites belonging to the family Erythraeidae; they resemble members of the related genus Balaustium but can be distinguished by the eyes which in Leptus species are set much further forward on the body than in Balaustium species.Selected species: Leptus ariel Southcott 1989 Leptus berlesei Leptus clavatus Leptus intermedius Leptus monteithi Southcott 1993 Leptus vertiformis
 Oxythres is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The European ground squirrel (Spermophilus citellus) also known as the European souslik is a species from the squirrel family Sciuridae. It and the speckled ground squirrel (Spermophilus suslicus) are the only European representatives of the genus Spermophilus. Like all squirrels it is a member of the rodent order.
 Onychoteuthis meridiopacifica is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. Males become mature at 40 mm and the species is believed to reach a maximum mantle length of 90 mm. The tantacular club reaches a length of 20-25% of the mantle length and contains 16-19 club hooks. Arms reach 27-44% of the mantle length and each contain 50-60 suckers. 8-12 occipital folds are present on each side of the head.
 Mane Minister (foaled 1988 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best remembered as the first horse to ever finish third in all three of the U.S. Triple Crown races. Bred by Normandy Farm in Lexington Kentucky he was out of the mare Lacework whose sire was In Reality winner of the 1967 Florida Derby and the leading sire of two-year-olds in 1977. Mane Minister's sire was Deputy Minister the 1981 Canadian Horse of the Year and the Leading sire in North America in 1997 and 1998.
 Holoterpna pruinosata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Italy the Republic of Macedonia Turkey the Levant and possibly western Iran.The larvae feed on Ferulago campestris and Foeniculum species. They are yellow with crimson/purple transverse strips.
 Cacyreus ethiopicus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 American Lion is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. A foal of 2007 he was a contender in the 2010 Kentucky Derby. However he did not finish in the money.American Lion is sired by Horse of the Year Tiznow who is the only horse to date to win the Breeders' Cup Classic twice. He is out of the mare Storm Tide a daughter of Storm Cat. He is bred and owned by WinStar Farm.American Lion won three of his first seven starts. His first major stakes win came in the Hollywood Prevue Stakes at age 2.
 The Stark's Lark (Spizocorys starki) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Namibia and South Africa. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. Captain George Shelley named the species in honor of Arthur Stark.
 Chenoderus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Chenoderus bicolor Fairmaire & Germain 1861 Chenoderus testaceus (Blanchard in Gay 1851) Chenoderus tricolor (Fairmaire & Germain 1859) Chenoderus venustus Fairmaire & Germain 1861↑
 Erethistoides senkhiensis is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to India where it is found in Senkhi stream Arunachal Pradesh. This species grows to a length of 4.34 centimetres (1.71 in) SL.
 Chaoaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Common names: odd-scaled snakes.Achalinus is a genus of harmless colubrid colubrid snakes found in Japan Taiwan China and northern Vietnam. Nine species are currently recognized.
 The New Britain Boobook (Ninox odiosa) also known as the Spangled Boobook New Britain Hawk-Owl or Russet Hawk-Owl is a small owl that is endemic to New Britain the largest island in the Bismarck Archipelago in Papua New Guinea.
 Agdistis adenensis is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Yemen Oman Iran and Bahrain.
 Common names: Hagen's pit viper Hagen's pitviper.Trimeresurus hageni is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Southeast Asia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Syrnola adamsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Inland Dotterel (Charadrius australis) also known as the Australian Dotterel and sometimes placed in the monotypic genus Peltohyas is a medium-sized Charadriine plover.
 Dyscherinus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dyscherinus pauliani Jeannel 1955 Dyscherinus pseudomodus (Banninger 1933) Dyscherinus vadoni Basilewsky 1973↑
 Abra is a genus of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the family Semelidae. Members of this genus are mostly under 1.5 centimeters long and have thin shells which are usually white. These bivalves normally live under the surface of sandy and muddy sediments in the neritic zone.They are considered an important food source for flat fish.
 Longiantrum coclea is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Vietnam.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax basal part of the costa costal part of the medial area and the terminal area including the fringes are black. The costal medial area is quadrangular. The forewing ground colour is beige throughout suffused with few black scales.
 Musculus is a genus of mussels in the family Mytilidae.
 Hypsopygia decoloralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults have brown wings with a pale submarginal line.
 Darantasia punctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Chiromantis petersii is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in Kenya Tanzania and possibly Ethiopia.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens urban areas ponds and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Glipodes tertia is a beetle in the Glipodes genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1936 by Ray.
 Haplochromis simotes is a species of cichlid endemic to the Victorian Nile where it is only known with certainty from Kakindu and questionable records from Ripon Falls both in Uganda. This species can reach a length of 8.7 centimetres (3.4 in) SL.
 Microferonia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Microferonia adelaidae Blackburn 1890 Microferonia alticola Baehr 1998 Microferonia anchomenoides Macleay 1871 Microferonia avicapitis Baehr 1998 Microferonia baro Darlington 1968 Microferonia cinctipennis Sloane 1898 Microferonia habbemae Baehr 1998 Microferonia howei Moore 1992 Microferonia lucanoides (Andrewes 1933) Microferonia marginata Castelnau 1867 ↑
 Nacoleia amphicedalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland and New South Wales).The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults are white with brown markings including broad brown wing margins.
 The two-spot red snapper Lutjanus bohar is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean from the African coast to the western Pacific Ocean. It is a coral reef inhabitant being found at depths from 4 to 180 m (13 to 591 ft) though usually between 10 and 70 m (33 and 230 ft). Adult snappers often form large schools on the outer reefs or above sandy areas mainly to form spawning aggregations. It can reach a length of 90 cm (35 in) though most do not exceed 76 cm (30 in).
 Coilodera is a genus of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae.
 Leuronoma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Petovia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Platymantis batantae is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tegenaria regispyrrhi is a funnel-web spider found in Bulgaria Greece and the Balkans.
 Protanguilla palau is a species of eel the only species in the genus Protanguilla (first eel) which is in turn the only genus in its family Protanguillidae. Individuals were found swimming in March 2010 in a deep underwater cave in a fringing reef off the coast of Palau.
 Australofannia spiniclunis is a fly species in the Fanniidae family. It is the only known species of the genus Australofannia from Southeastern Australia. The species was first described by the English entomologist Adrian C. Pont in 1977.
 Abisara dewitzi is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru Lomami and Lualaba) north-western Zambia and possibly Angola. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae probably feed on Maesa species.
 Parectopa lithocolletina is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Colombia.
 Coccopigya spinigera is a species of sea snail deep-sea limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cocculinidae.
 Eumea is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Neocrepidodera melanopus is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Andorra France and Spain.
 Afrasura discreta is a moth of the Arctiidae family which is endemic to Guinea.
 Opharus immanis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by H. Edwards in 1884. It is found in Mexico Panama and Venezuela.
 Sigara nigrolineata is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 The Ponderosa Pineconeworm Moth (Dioryctria auranticella) is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in western North America from southern British Columbia south to California and Arizona east to South Dakota and New Mexico.The wingspan is 10.5–14 mm. The forewings are orange and the hindwings are white. Adults are on wing from mid July to early August.The larvae feed on Pinus ponderosa and Pinus attenuata.
 Saphenista milicha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Clathrodrillia flavidula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Pavoraja nitida (Peacock skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives near the soft bottoms of the continental shelf near the coast of Australia and New Zealand in depths ranging from 30 to 390 metres. It produces oblong egg capsules which have stiff horns in each corner and lays them in sandy or muddy flats. Its maximum size is 36.8 cm.
 Codophila is a genus of 'shield bugs' belonging to the Pentatomidae family Pentatomidae subfamily.
 Axinopalpis is a genus of longhorn beetles.
 The Rufous-faced Antpitta (Grallaria erythrotis) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Bolivia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Antheraea celebensis is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in Sulawesi and Sundaland.
 Blepharipa is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Stoermeriana is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Eupithecia aporia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Paraclinus naeorhegmis the Surf blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Bahamas where it occurs in eroded limestone shorelines. This species can reach a length of 2.7 centimetres (1.1 in) TL.
 The Grizzled Blue (Orachrysops subravus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from montane grassland from the East Cape to the southern Drakensberg foothills and the KwaZulu-Natal midlands.The wingspan is 30–36 mm for males and 22–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to January although the except time depends on the spring rains. Adults are on wing later in the southern part of the range.
 Lachnaia paradoxa is a species of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It can be found in Algeria Morocco and south Spain.
 Bryotropha basaltinella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Great Britain the Benelux Germany France Spain Switzerland Austria Hungary Slovakia the Czech Republic and Poland.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The forewings are dark grey-brown with a distinct ochreous basal spot followed by blackisk blotches on the costa and tornus. The hindwings are pale fuscous but darker towards the apex.
 The Leaden Honeyeater (Ptiloprora plumbea) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Schausiella is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Waccamaw silverside (Menidia extensa) is a rare species of fish in the family Atherinopsidae. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.
 Ge is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Rugathodes sexpunctatus is a minute species of spider in the family Theridiidae the cobweb or tangle-web spiders. This family includes the medically important Latrodectus genus—the widow spiders. The species in the Rugathodes genus are too small to be dangerous to humans. There is very little known about most species in this genus.
 Glipodes bordoni is a beetle in the Glipodes genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1990 by Franciscolo.
 Bengalia is a genus of blow flies in the family Calliphoridae with one authority considering the genus to belong to a separate family Bengaliidae. These bristly and unlike the greens and blues of most calliphorids dull coloured flies are especially noted for their relationship to ants. Little is known of their biology and life-cycle although adults of many species are kleptoparasitic on ants and will snatch food and pupae being carried by ants or feed on winged termites.
 Antona tenuifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Calothorax is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It contains the following species: Beautiful Sheartail (Hummingbird) (Calothorax pulcher) Lucifer Sheartail (Hummingbird) (Calothorax lucifer)
 Leucostoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Tritonia wellsi the sea whip slug is a species of nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae. The type locality is Beaufort North Carolina.
 Turbonilla nicaraguana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Schistura macrocephalus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Ishatherium is an extinct genus of early proboscidean from the early Eocene of the Subathu formation in Northwestern India.It is only known from a partial upper molar and was formally classified as a sirenian.
 Mnemoses is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Dorcatominae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Silver perch (Bidyanus bidyanus) are a medium-sized freshwater fish endemic to the Murray-Darling river system in south-eastern Australia. Their scientific name comes from an aboriginal name for the species — Bidyan — recorded by Major Mitchell on the Barwon River on his 1832 expedition. (Mitchell's original scientific name for the species was Cernua Bidyana.) Silver perch are not a true perch of the Perca genus but are instead a member of Terapontidae or 'grunter' family.
 The corona rainbowfish (Melanotaenia corona) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to West Papua in Indonesia.
 Proterocosma ochronota is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Tonga.
 Butler's Dwarf Baltia butleri is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found at high altitudes in India and Pakistan.
 Ethmia pseustis is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Bar-throated Apalis is a small African passerine bird belonging to the genus Apalis of the family Cisticolidae.It inhabits forest and scrub in Southern and East Africa from southern and eastern parts of South Africa north as far as the Chyulu Hills in Kenya. In the northern part of is range it is found only in highland areas where there are a number of subspecies restricted to isolated mountain ranges. Some of these may be treated as separate species including the Namuli Apalis (A.
 Pyrophorus noctilucus common name Headlight Elater is a species of click beetle (family Elateridae).
 Garra theunensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 The Black-faced Hawk (Leucopternis melanops) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. This low-density species has traditionally been believed to be restricted to Amazon Basin north of the Amazon River but there are several records south of this river in for example the Brazilian states of Pará and Acre and south-eastern Peru.
 Rutilia is a large genus of medium to large (>20mm) flies in the family Tachinidae native to Australia and the Oriental region. Like the vast majority of tachinid flies Rutilia species are parasitoids of other insects specifically Rutilia are known to be parasitoids of late instar larvae of Scarabaeidae.
 Hypatopa umbra is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.5–5.1 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 The common slipper shell Crepidula fornicata has many other common names including common Atlantic slippersnail boat shell quarterdeck shell fornicating slipper snail and it is known in Britain as the common slipper limpet. This is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails and cup and saucer snails.
 The Red Caliph Enispe euthymius is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Southeast Asia.
 Cauchas discalis is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Braun in 1925. It is found in California.
 Dolichopterus is a genus of the prehistoric sea scorpions arthropods in the order Eurypterida.
 The Crabronidae are a large family of wasps including nearly all of the species formerly comprising the now-defunct superfamily Sphecoidea. It collectively includes well over 200 genera containing well over 9000 species. Crabronids were originally a part of Sphecidae but the latter name is now restricted to a separate family based on what was once the subfamily Sphecinae.
 Orthochromis mazimeroensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Burundi where it is only known from the Mazimero River and the Nganga River. This species can reach a length of 7.2 centimetres (2.8 in) SL.
 Lopharcha chionea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Java.
 Conus luteus the mud cone is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails cone shells or cones. The subspecies Conus luteus richardsae Röckel & Korn 1992 has been raised to species level as Conus richardsae Röckel & Korn 1992
 Pseudodrephalys is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Coleophora paraptarmica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan Central Asia and Pakistan.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica. They create a leafy case consisting of several leaf pieces arranged very irregularly. The caudal end of the case is slightly down-curved but is sometimes almost straight. The valve is two-sided. The length of the case is 5.5-6.5 mm and it is yellow or light chocolate-brown in color although the caudal part is much darker and brownish.
 Imagine (foaled 20 February 1998) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Irish 1000 Guineas and the Epsom Oaks in 2001. In a racing career which lasted from August 2000 to June 2001 the filly ran ten times times and won four races. As a two-year-old Imagine ran six times winning the Group Three C. L. Weld Park Stakes at the Curragh and finishing second in the Group Two Rockfel Stakes at Newmarket.
 The Huntsman was the winner of the 1862 Grand National steeplechase run on March 12 at Aintree near Liverpool England. The winner was owned by Viscount de Namur and trained in France by Yorkshire born trainer Henry Harry Jeremiah Lamplugh who also chose to ride the horse himself. Huntsman had previously finished third in the race in 1859 and second in 1860.Thirteen ran with the previous year's winner Jealousy being withdrawn on the morning of the race.
 Rhodometra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.These moths have bipectinated antennae for the males; apically simple. They have relatively narrow-elongated to relatively broad forewings and a wingspan of 20-30mm. The forewings are pale yellow sometimes rosy and traversed by a oblique red stripe the hindwings are plain.
 This article is about the southeast Asian species; for the Middle Eastern species also known by this name see White-spectacled BulbulThe Yellow-vented Bulbul (Pycnonotus goiavier) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds. It is resident breeder in southeast Asia from southern Thailand and Cambodia south to Borneo and the Philippines.It is found in a wide variety of open habitats but not deep forest. It is one of the most common birds in cultivated areas.
 Calcaronea is a subclass in the class Calcarea.They are Calcarea with the triactines and the basal system of tetractines sagittal (i.e. the rays of the spicule make unequal angles with each other) exceptionally regular. In ontogeny the first spicules to be secreted are diactines. Choanocytes are apinucleate. Calcaronea have amphiblastula larvaehttp://species-identification.org/species.php?species_group=sponges&selected=beschrijving&menuentry=groepen&record=Calcaronea
 Junonia hadrope the Volta Pansy is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ghana (the Volta Region).
 Antillesoma is a genus of peanut worms (Phylum Sipuncula). The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae. Antillesoma was described in 1973 by Stephen and Edmonds.
 Microdes arcuata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (including South Australia the type location).
 Metzneria intestinella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of southern Europe.
 Euborellia caraibea is a species of earwig in the genus Euborellia the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 Nepa cinerea is a species of water scorpion (Nepidae) found in Central Europe and the British Isles.It lives in ponds and stagnant water and feeds upon aquatic animals especially insects. Respiration in the adult is effected by means of the caudal process which consists of a pair of half-tubes capable of being locked together to form a siphon by means of which air is conducted to the tracheae at the apex of the abdomen when the tip of the tube is thrust above the surface of the water.
 Werneria bambutensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Triplophysa laticeps is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Eugnosta vecorda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Allen's Spotted Bat (Glauconycteris humeralis) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: possibly Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo possibly Kenya and possibly Uganda.It is found in these habitats: subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Geropa concolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Geropa.
 Halcampoididae is a family of sea anemones. Members of this family usually live with their column buried in sand or other soft substrates.
 Helicodiscus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicodiscidae.
 Asota heliconioides is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Philippines.
 Curveulima marshalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species known to exist within the genus Curveulima.
 Anekes undulisculpta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Trisecphora is a genus of extinct predatory ocenebrinid murexes indigenous to the Miocene coastline of what is now Maryland North Carolina and Virginia from the Aquitanian epoch until their extinction near the end of the Serravallian epoch. The common name for this genus and their relatives is ecphora(s).
 Pseudopostega velifera is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is known from Maharashtra India.
 Macaria fusca is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Alps Fennoscandia the Ural northern Yakutia and Kamchatka. It is found on altitudes of up to 3400 meters.The wingspan is 14–18 mm for males. Females have considerably smaller wings and can only fly with difficulty. Males are on wing from July to August and are day active.The larva feed on the leaves of various low-growing plants including Erophila verna and Viola calcarata.
 Calliostoma caroli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Stenoptilodes thrasydoxa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Colombia.The wingspan is 27–29 millimetres (1.1–1.1 in). Adults are on wing in May and July.
 Cobboldites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Bolam's mouse (Pseudomys bolami) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in Australia.
 Tatosoma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Fox is a common name for many species of alert omnivorous mammals belonging to the Canidae family. Foxes are small-to-medium-size canids (slightly smaller than a medium-size domestic dog) with a flattened skull upright triangular ears a pointed slightly upturned snout and a long bushy tail (or brush).Members of about 37 species are referred to as foxes of which only 12 species actually belong to the Vulpes genus of true foxes.
 The Rufous-tailed Weaver (Histurgops ruficaudus) is a species of songbird found in East Africa. Despite its name it is placed in the sparrow family (Passeridae).[citation needed]It is a quite unusual sparrow species and was included in the weaver family (Ploceidae) by many authors even after the other Old World sparrows were separated from the weavers proper hence its common name.
 Aulopareia is a genus of gobies native to the western Pacific Ocean where members of this genus can be found in marine fresh and brackish waters.
 Hyperolius lateralis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers swamps and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cadomoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus from the order ammonitida that lived during the Bajocian Stage of the Middle Jurassic approximately 178 to 175 million years ago.Cadamoceras has smooth inner whorls but the outer has course plications on the outer (ventral) flanks and across the venter. The aperture has a large scoop-like rostrum and spatulate lappets flanking either side.
 The Striated Babbler (Turdoides earlei) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Bangladesh India Myanmar Nepal and Pakistan.
 Eleutherodactylus interorbitalis (Spanish: Rana-chirriadora Anteojuda) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Black-clawed Brush-furred Rat (Lophuromys melanonyx) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Ethiopia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Blue-moustached Bee-eater (Merops mentalis) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.It is found in Cameroon Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.The Blue-moustached Bee-eater is a rainforest bird usually found singly. It perches on a high branch in the canopy beside tracks and clearings and swoops down on small butterflies honeybees and other insects before returning to its original perch.
 The phantasmal poison frog (Epipedobates tricolor) is a species of poison dart frog. The natural habitat of this frog is the Andean slopes of the central Ecuadorian Bolívar Province. They have radiant color and powerful poison. This species is endangered and there are only seven locations in the wild where they are known to live.
 Asiapistosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.Most species were previously placed in the genus Eilema.
 Adhemarius eurysthenes is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by R. Felder in 1874 and is known from Brazil Colombia and Paraguay.It is similar to Adhemarius palmeri but the forewing upperside subbasal band is complete and irregular along proximal margin the antemedian oblique line is very narrow almost transverse and reaching the costa just distal to the subbasal band and the subapical patch is smaller and bluntly triangular.
 Wangia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the middle division of the Eocene epoch.
 Natica dillwynii is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Zonaria zonaria is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Scopula tenuimedia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 The Cuban Oriole (Icterus melanopsis) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family.
 Loxophlebia vesparis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1873. It is found in Peru and Bolivia.
 Palibythus magnificus sometimes called the musical furry lobster is a species of furry lobster found in Polynesia. It is generally included in the family Palinuridae although it has also been separated from that family with the genus Palinurellus to form the family Synaxidae in the past. The species is known in Samoan as ula moana a name which also covers the deep-water shrimp Heterocarpus laevigatus.
 The Benito roundleaf bat (Hipposideros beatus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan and Togo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eulima cylindrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Isanthrene porphyria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Surinam and Brazil (Amazon Ega Para).
 Chloroclystis leucopygata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi as well as in India.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are red-brown suffused in parts with fuscous. The hindwings are similar to the forewings but the submarginal line is whiter.
 Idaea mancipiata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe und western Asia.The wingspan is 15–20 mm for the first generation and 14–16 mm for the second generation. Adults are on wing from the beginning of May to the end of June and again from the beginning of August to the end of October. There are two generations per year.
 Leptogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 The Trinidad dog-like bat (Peropteryx trinitatis) is a species of bat from the family Emballonuridae. It is native to Aruba French Guinea Grenada Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela. The bat is considered to be rare everywhere in its geographic range although this may be untrue as the Trinidad dog-like bat was previously confused with the lesser dog-like bat.
 Hyposmocoma makawao is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known only from the Makawao Forest Reserve on Maui.The length of the forewings is 4.8 mm for males and 4.9 mm for females. Adults differ from any other species in the Hyposmocoma genus since no other species has a single thick transverse orange band near the base of the forewing.The larval case is 4.1-5.0 mm in length and 1.2-1.6 mm wide smooth with banding that follows the length of the case.
 Carposina stationaria is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1928. It is found on the New Hebrides.
 Scalidion is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Scalidion hilare Schmidt-Gobel 1846 Scalidion xanthophanum (Bates 1888)↑
 Ogygioses issikii is a species of moths of the Palaeosetidae family. It is only known from Taiwan.
 Rinconsaurus is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous. It was a titanosaurid sauropod which lived in what is now Argentina. The type species Rinconsaurus caudamirus was described by Calvo and Riga in 2003 and is based on three partial skeletons.
 Pseudomeritastis heliadelpha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Dunkirk is an American Thoroughbred Racehorse born in 2006. He is the son of graded stakes winner and major sire Unbridled's Song and multiple Grade 1 winner Secret Status. He is owned by a syndicate composed of John Magnier Derrick Smith and Michael Tabor and trained by Todd Pletcher during his short racing career.
 Ghoria gigantea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. The species was first described by Oberthür in 1879. It is found in the Russian Far East (Amur Primorye Sakhalin) China (Kunashir Heilongjiang Liaonin Hebei Shanxi Shaanxi Zhejiang) Korea and Japan.
 Hemiodontichthys acipenserinus is the only species of the monotypic genus Hemiodontichthys a genus of the family Loricariidae of catfish (order Siluriformes).
 Auratonota virgata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 18-20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings represented in the form of creamy fascia and somewhat darker strigulation in the dorsal area. Otherwise the forewings are strongly suffused rust. The hindwings are brownish grey and paler basally.
 Peloneustes (meaning 'mud swimmer') is an extinct genus of sauropterygian reptile belonging to the family Pliosauridae. It is known from the Callovian aged (Middle Jurassic) deposits of the Oxford clay formation of England. With a length of around 3 metres (9.8 ft) it was one of the smallest representatives of the group. Like its larger relatives Peloneustes had a short neck and long jaws capable of grabbing large prey. Its streamlined body allowed it to chase fast prey such as belemnites.
 Gulickia alexandri is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii the United States.
 Chydarteres bicolor is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Voet in 1778.
 Collignoniceratidae is a family of Upper Cretaceous ammonites characterized by typically more or less evolute shells with compressed oval or square whorl sections; serrate or entire keels; and dense ribs with one to 5 tubercles.
 Gyrineum longicaudatum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Malarguesaurus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mendoza Province Argentina. Its fossils consisting of tail vertebrae chevrons ribs and limb bones were found in the late Turonian-early Coniacian-age (~89 million years old) Portezuelo Formation of the Neuquén Group. The type species described by González Riga et al. in 2009 is M. florenciae. Described as a robust sauropod its closest known relatives may be Ligabuesaurus and Phuwiangosaurus.
 Pachychilidae common name pachychilids is a taxonomic family of freshwater snails gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.
 Asota circularis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Ancylometis ribesae is a species of moths in the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Réunion where it is very common.It is of a very small size approx. 4 x 8 mm.
 Triactis is a genus of sea anemone in the family Aliciidae. It is monotypic having only one species – Triactis producta. This is found in shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific where it lives on the seabed rocks and corals. It derives much of its energy needs from the symbiotic algae it contains. It also forms a mutualistic relationship with small Lybia crabs.
 Lamotte's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros lamottei) is a horseshoe bat found only at Mount Nimba on the border of Côte d'Ivoire Guinea and Liberia. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
 Elusa ustula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and Taiwan.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are deep rich brown and only weakly marked.
 Stenodacma is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Halgerda is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Rhinotyphlops unitaeniatus commonly known as the yellow-striped blind snake or the Kenya beaked snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Africa.
 The Usambara Shrew (Crocidura usambarae) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prismosticta tianpinga is a moth in the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Hunan).The length of the forewings is 16-18 mm for males. The forewing ground colour is greenish brown the apical part of the forewing with a triangular white hyaline dot. The anterior part of the hindwing is red brown and the posterior part greenish brown.
 Eupithecia detritata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East Japan and Korea.The wingspan is about 22 mm. The ground colour of the wings is greyish.
 Thelyconychia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Bayerotrochus westralis commonly known as Australia's split shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae.
 Proutiella is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of these species: Proutiella esoterica (Prout 1918) Proutiella ilaire (Druce 1885) Proutiella infans (Walker 1856) Proutiella jordani (Hering 1925) Proutiella latifascia (Prout 1920) Proutiella repetita (Warren 1905) Proutiella simplex (Walker 1856) Proutiella tegyra (Druce 1899) Proutiella vittula (Hübner 1823)
 Eupoecilia cebrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sweden France Germany Denmark Poland Austria Slovakia Estonia Latvia Lithuania Russia the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.The wingspan is 15-17 mm. Adults are on wing in May and from July to August.The larvae feed on Helichrysum species including Helichrysum arenarium.
 Acrocercops melanocosma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Brazil. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920.
 Ondina jansseni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Melanophryne barbatula is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 The Senegal Parrot (Poicephalus senegalus) is a Poicephalus parrot which is a resident breeder across a wide range of west Africa. It makes migrations within west Africa according to the availability of the fruit seeds and blossoms which make up its diet. It is considered a farm pest in Africa often feeding on maize or millet. It is popular in aviculture.
 Parademostis capucina is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Parademostis.
 Psilogramma macromera is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia.
 Oedothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the single species Oedothelphusa orientalis. It is known from a single site at an altitude of 1210 metres (3970 ft) in Monagas state Venezuela.
 Agyrtidia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Ctenosaura bakeri also known as the Utila iguana Baker's spinytail iguana swamper or wishiwilly del suampo is a critically endangered species of spinytail iguana endemic to the island of Utila one of the Islas de la Bahía off the coast of Honduras.The Utila iguana is the only species of iguana and one of only two species of lizard to exclusively inhabit brackish mangrove swamps forced there due to competition from larger species.
 The White-bellied Seedsnipe (Attagis malouinus) is a species of bird in the Thinocoridae family. It is found in southern parts of Argentina and Chile and is a vagrant to the Falkland Islands. Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and swamps.
 Mpanjaka montana is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in Central Madagascar.The male has a wingspan of 57 mm and the length of the frontwings is 28 mm. Abdomen thorax and head are uniformely beige. Antennaes are bipectinated.Front wings are white with a dense pattern of black scaled and 3 red lines of red spots crossing the wing. Rear wings are of yellowish-white colour.
 Metarctia pavlitzkae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in Tanzania.
 Centropelma redirects here. This was also the initial preoccupied name of the spider genus Nicodamus.The Titicaca Grebe or Titicaca Flightless Grebe (Rollandia microptera) is a grebe found on the altiplano of Peru and Bolivia. As its name implies its main population occurs on Lake Titicaca. Lake Uru Uru and Poopó the Rio Desaguadero and small lakes that connect to Lake Titicaca in wet years serve as spillovers territory.
 The greater Asiatic yellow bat (Scotophilus heathii) is a species of vesper bat. It is found in Afghanistan Cambodia China India Indonesia Pakistan the Philippines Sri Lanka and Vietnam.Like many bats females have delayed ovulation with the ability to store sperm.
 The Golden-backed Whistler (Pachycephala aurea) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Euphaedra occulta the Controversial Themis Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea.
 Hepialiscus monticola is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Mictopsichia benevides is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is about 10.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish orange but orange yellow along the costa postbasally and submedially. It is suffused olive brown along the edges of markings. The hindwings are orange bellow.
 Cravera is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Melangyna novaezelandiae is a hoverfly native to New Zealand. It is a successful pollinator of a large range of plants that are both native and exotic to the New Zealand flora. This hoverfly forages with rapid movements followed by stationary periods. M. novaezelandiae is widespread throughout New Zealand.It is sometimes referred to as Melangyna novaezealandiae although this name is a less frequently used mis-spelling of the name in the original species description by Macquart (1855).
 Diodora philippiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Trochoidea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae. The name means those that are shaped like a top.(The same name Trochoidea is currently also used for a superfamily of sea snails with gills a superfamily that includes the top shells Trochidae and the turban shells Turbinidae.)
 Xenosophira is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Ornipholidotos maesseni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana and Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lichtenstein's Seahorse Hippocampus lichtensteinii is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.
 Arfak rat (Rattus arfakiensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
 Northern Dancer (May 27 1961 – November 16 1990) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes and who became the most successful sire of the 20th Century. The National Thoroughbred Racing Association calls him one of the most influential sires in Thoroughbred history.A bay colt Northern Dancer was by Nearctic and his dam Natalma was by Native Dancer. In 1952 Edward P.
 Leucanopsis nebulosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil Peru and Ecuador.
 Mitrella tenebrosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 The Red-lined Looper Moth or Red-lined Geometer (Crypsiphona occultaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.It is one of the most common moths found in Australia. The “red-lined’ part of the name refers to the red markings seen on the undersides of the wings. As larvae they are green and feed on eucalypt leaves. When threatened the grub stands still pretending to be a stick (Zborowski & Edwards 2007).
 Micropanchax pelagicus is a species of poeciliid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it is endemic to Lake Albert. This species grows to a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Sirex juvencus is a species of wasp found in Europe Siberia Sakhalin Island Japan the Philippines Algeria New Zealand and several other countries. Its common name is steely-blue wood wasp because of its colour.
 Dorithia wellingana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Paradoxurus aureus the golden palm civet also called golden paradoxurus and golden wet-zone palm civet is a viverrid species native to Sri Lanka. It was first described by Frédéric Cuvier in 1822.Adults are red-gold to golden brown with no special markings. The underside is paler gold than the upper side.It is found in forest the foothills and the areas in between and possibly the cloud forest in the Central Highlands Namunukula and the Knuckles Mountain Range (Dumbara).
 Glyphipterix aenea is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Philpott in 1917. It is found in New Zealand.
 Heppnerographa is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Hypoecta longula is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Hypoecta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Goliathia is an extinct genus of Shoebill. The holotype is an ulna recovered from lower beds of the Jebel Qatrani Formation in Faiyum Governorate in Egypt. Initially thought to be a heron an additional bone a tarsometatarsus showed this bird to be closely related to the living Shoebill. Its full name is Goliathia andrewsii but may be closely related enough to be classed within the same genus as the living species.
 Sphodromantis congica common name Congo mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Angola Nigeria and the Congo River region.
 Koi (鯉 English /ˈkɔɪ/ Japanese: [koꜜi]) or more specifically nishikigoi (錦鯉 [niɕi̥kiꜜɡo.i] literally brocaded carp) are ornamental varieties of domesticated common carp (Cyprinus carpio) that are kept for decorative purposes in outdoor koi ponds or water gardens.Koi varieties are distinguished by coloration patterning and scalation. Some of the major colors are white black red yellow blue and cream.
 Emileia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites that lived during the early part of the middle Jurassic.Emileiais a large form with fine ribbing that includes may secondaries. It begins as a barrel shaped cadicone with an eccentric more or less smooth body chamber.Emileia is included in the family Otoitidae and superfamily Stephanocerataceae of the Ammonitina
 Garra qiaojiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Tetramorium microgyna is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Chalepoxenus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Borissiakia is an extinct genus of chalicothere a group of herbivorous odd-toed ungulate (perissodactyl) mammals. They had claws that were likely used in a hook-like manner to pull down branches suggesting they lived as bipedal browsers.
 Turbonilla theone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The zebra duiker (Cephalophus zebra) is a small antelope found primarily in Liberia as well as the Ivory Coast Sierra Leone and occasionally Guinea. They are sometimes referred to as the banded duiker or striped-back duiker. It is believed to be one of the earliest duiker species to have evolved.Appearance:Zebra duikers have gold or red-brown coats with 12-16 distinctive zebra-like stripes dark markings on their upper legs and russet faces.
 Macrocneme cinyras is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 Bufonaria rana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Austrodaphnella yemenensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Acrocercops extenuata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916.
 Homalocantha secunda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Talostolida is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Acrolophus salvini is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Coleophora denticulata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Tibet.The wingspan is about 14 mm.
 Highflyer (1774 – 18 October 1793) was an undefeated Thoroughbred racehorse and a very successful and influential sire of the 18th century.
 Sesommata is a genus of moths in the Palaephatidae family.
 Olethreutes fasciatana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from North America including Alabama Illinois Maryland Massachusetts New Jersey New York North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have been recorded in June.The larvae feed on Salix and Populus species.
 Coleophora isomoera is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain and Morocco Turkey Uzbekistan Mongolia and China.
 Chaerocina usambarensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Tanzania.
 The Moore's Cupid (Shijimia moorei) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Ambulyx celebensis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Jordan in 1919 and is known from Indonesia.
 The Sulu Bleeding-heart (Gallicolumba menagei) is a species of bird in the pigeon and dove family Columbidae. It is endemic to the island of Tawi-Tawi and its surrounding islets in the Philippines' Sulu Archipelago. This species is known only from two specimens collected in 1891 and has not been recorded with certainty since. It lives in primary and secondary forests that have a closed canopy. The Sulu Bleeding-heart is a medium-sized pigeon with a short tail.
 Graefia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cerdale is a genus of wormfishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Workforce (foaled 2007) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from September 2009 until October 2011 he ran nine times and won four races. In 2010 he won the 2010 Epsom Derby and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe ridden by Ryan Moore. He won once from four races in 2011 before being retired to stand as a breeding stallion in Japan.
 Brephoscotosia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Obila.
 The Common Winter Damselfly Sympecma fusca is a damselfly that is found in much of central and southern Europe. It does not have the bright blue or red colouration that is more usual for damselflies so it is often overlooked. It is one of only two species of European dragonflies that overwinter as adult insects the other being the related S. paedisca. It is a member of the Lestidae and related to the emeralds or spreadwings.
 Gersemia rubiformis commonly known as the sea strawberry is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae. It is found in the northwest Atlantic and the northeast Pacific Oceans.
 Asura sagittaria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Meladema coriacea is a species of beetles belonging to the Dytiscidae family.
 Boreoiulus dollfusi is a species of millipede in the Blaniulidae family that can be found in Belgium France and Spain.
 Chiococceae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 216 species in 23 genera. Most representatives occur from southern Florida to tropical and subtropical America except for the genera Badusa and Bikkia which are found from the Philippines to the West Pacific and Morierina which is native to New Caledonia.
 Phyllonorycter juglandis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō).The wingspan is 6.5–8 mm.The larvae feed on Juglans ailanthifolia and Pterocarya rhoifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a ptychonomous leaf mine situated between two veins or rarely along the margin of the lower surface of the leaves.
 Helicolenus hilgendorfii is one of ten species of rockfisheses in the genus Helicolenus. Known commonly as Hilgendorf's saucord this fish is found in the Northwest Pacific as far as Japan and southern Korea to the East China Sea. It reaches a maximum length of 27 cm.
 The family Cliidae is a taxonomic group of small floating sea snails pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.This family name has for a long time been known as Clioidae or the subfamily Clioinae Jeffreys 1869 belonging to the family Cavoliniidae each time with the type genus Clio Linnaeus 1767. Unfortunately this is often confused with another molluscan family Clionidae which has the type genus Clione.
 Cosmosoma aurifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Klages in 1906. It is found in Venezuela.
 Callistomyia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Hindoo (1878–1901) was an outstanding American Thoroughbred race horse who won 30 of his 35 starts including the Kentucky Derby the Travers Stakes and the Clark Handicap. He later sired the Preakness Stakes winner Buddhist and the Belmont Stakes winner and Leading sire in North America Hanover.He was a bay colt bred by Daniel Swigert of Elmendorf Farm in Kentucky.
 Parribacus is a genus of slipper lobsters containing six species all of which are used locally as human food sources.
 The plant genus Trichosia is nowadays considered a synonym of Eria.Trichosia is a genus of fungus gnats that feed on decaying organic matter and fungi.
 Conus aureus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Negaprion eurybathrodon is an extinct species of lemon shark which existed in what is now the United States during the Miocene period. It was described by Blake in 1862.
 Cladobrostis melitricha is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in India.
 Habronattus calcaratus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family that can be found in the United States.
 The cocoa pod borer (Conopomorpha cramerella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
 Spilarctia hosei is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Eustrotia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Darevskia alpina is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is found in the Greater Caucasus in Georgia and Russia.
 Corynoptera elegans is a species of fungus gnat in the genus Corynoptera found in La Plata Argentina.
 The Zambezi yellowfish Labeobarbus codringtonii is commonly found throughout the Zambezi and Okavango Rivers in Southern Africa. They prefer fast flowing water over cobble and rocky bottoms where they predominantly feed on aquatic insects and crustaceans. Their exaggerated fins help them manoeuvre in the fast water and they are powerful swimmers. The Zambezi yellowfish is highly sought after by sport anglers and fly fishing is the preferred method of catching them.
 Taseopteryx is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Formicoxenus quebecensis is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is endemic to Canada.
 Fraus basidispina is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.
 The Northern Eyed Hawkmoth (Smerinthus caecus) is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Russia from St. Petersburg and Moscow to the Ural Mountains and across western Siberia and north-eastern Kazakhstan to the Altai Mountains. Although it has been reported as far north as Syktyvkar and Yaksha in European Russia the exact distribution is not known as it is often confused with Smerinthus ocellatus.
 Alcidion partitum is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by White in 1855 and is known from Brazil and French Guiana.
 Miletus melanion is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Philippines.
 Typhlobarbus nudiventris is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. It is the only species in its genus.
 The Chestnut-eared Aracari (US /ˌɑːrəˈsɑːri/ AHR-ə-SAHR-ee UK /ˌɑrəˈsɑːri/ ARR-ə-SAHR-ee or /ˌɑrəˈkɑːri/ ARR-ə-KAHR-ee) or Chestnut-eared Araçari (Pteroglossus castanotis) is a bird native to central and south-eastern South America. It belongs to the toucan and aracari family (Ramphastidae). P. castanotis is a larger more colorful bird than the Black-necked Aracari (P.
 The Chapa pygmy dormouse or Vietnamese pygmy dormouse (Typhlomys cinereus chapensis) is a rodent endemic to Vietnam. It is listed as a critically endangered species. It is often considered a separate species but is now recognized as a subspecies of the Chinese Pygmy Dormouse (T. cinereus).
 Giant Damselfish (Microspathodon dorsalis) inhabit rocky reefs below the surf zone at depths of 1–25 m. They feed mainly on low-profile attached algae. They defend both feeding and reproductive territories by driving off other fishes and divers who come too close. They are oviparous and form distinct pairings during breeding. The eggs are demersal and adhere to the substrate. Males guard and aerate the eggs.
 The spotted snout-burrower or spotted shovelnose frog (Hemisus guttatus) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family found in South Africa and possibly Swaziland.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna temperate shrubland temperate grassland rivers intermittent rivers swamps intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Synaptula is a genus of sea cucumbers containing the following species:
 Chiltonia is a genus of amphipod crustaceans endemic to New Zealand. Four species are known three of which live in fresh waters. They were first discovered by Charles Chilton in 1898 and the genus Chiltonia was erected the following year by T. R. R. Stebbing in Chilton's honour.
 Chilotherium is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to Eurasia during the Miocene through Pliocene living for 13.7—3.4 mya existing for approximately 10.3 million years.
 Triclonella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The Eastern Double-collared Sunbird (Cinnyris mediocris) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Tanzania and Zambia.
 Homoeocera ianthina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Abrocoma is a genus of abrocomid rodents found in the Andes of South America from southern Peru to central Chile. The genus contains eight species most of which are found in isolated mountain ranges in northwestern Argentina.
 Poeciloconger kapala or the Mottled conger is a species of eel in the family Congridae. It is the only member of its genus. It is only found in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of New South Wales Australia at depths of 46–64 metres.
 The Large Painted Locust (Schistocerca melanocera) is endemic to the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador except Española Island. The locusts form a large part of the diet of the Galápagos hawk and lava lizards. Can be up to 8 cm long.
 Cryptacanthodes is a genus of perciform fishes commonly referred to as wrymouths. They are mostly found in the Pacific Ocean with one species native to the Atlantic Ocean where they are benthic fishes tunneling through soft substrates. It is currently the only known genus in its family.
 Eucosmomorpha figurana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in and is possibly endemic to Vietnam.
 Eupithecia salubris is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western China (the mountains of Shanxi and Shaanxi).The wingspan is about 14–16 mm. The fore- and hindwings are uniform pale brown.
 Oxydactyla coggeri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Pyrgulina muinamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Euxesta callona is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Eleutherodactylus casparii is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests and introduced vegetation.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Zola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coleophora caraganae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Russia (Ussuri).The larvae feed on Caragana ussuriensis and Halimodendron halodendron. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Entamoeba polecki is a single-celled parasite that is found in intestines mainly in pigs and monkeys. Other animals that it can be found in are cattle goats sheep dogs and humans. The way humans get infected is by swallowing the parasite. The parasite is sometimes confused with Entamoeba histolytica. The parasite was discovered in 1912 in Czechoslovakia by Von Prowazek.
 Auchenipterichthys longimanus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Amazon River basin. It grows to a length of 15 cm.
 Pseudocaranx is a genus of trevallies.
 Parasymmetrorbione is a genus of isopod containing the single species Parasymmetrorbione bicauda.
 Hypotia bleusi is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Oberthür in 1888 and is known from Algeria and Tunisia.
 Leucatomis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Endennasaurus is an extinct genus of thalattosaurian from the Upper Triassic of Italy.
 Acantharctia vittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1899. It is found in Botswana and South Africa.
 The Saddle Butterflyfish Chaetodon ephippium is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans from Sri Lanka and the Cocos-Keeling Islands to the Hawaiian Marquesan and Tuamoto islands north to southern Japan south to Rowley Shoals and New South Wales in Australia.It is a large butterflyfish at up to 30 cm (nearly 12 in) long together with the Lined Butterflyfish (C. lineolatus) the giant among its genus.
 The painted tree-rat (Callistomys pictus) is a species of spiny rat from Brazil and is the only species in the genus Callistomys. It appears to lack close relatives and is often placed in the genus Isothrix or less regularly Nelomys.
 Andraegoidus translucidus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Botero & Monne in 2011.
 Rogilla was a chestnut Australian Thoroughbred gelding who was a versatile racehorse performing in Australia. Known as the Coalfields Champion in Newcastle Rogilla raced during a vintage era of the Australian turf. He won in each of the six seasons that he raced as a three-year-old to an eight-year-old. Rogilla was an outstanding galloper in Sydney and Melbourne on wet or dry tracks recording 26 wins from 4½ furlongs to 2 miles with regular jockey Darby Munro winning 16 races.
 Pinthaeus sanguinipes is a species of stink bugs (family Pentatomidae).
 Buller's Shearwater (Puffinus bulleri) is a Pacific species of seabird in the family Procellariidae; it is also known as the Grey-backed Shearwater or New Zealand Shearwater. A member of the black-billed wedge-tailed Thyellodroma group among the larger shearwaters of the proposed genus Ardenna it forms a superspecies with the Wedge-tailed Shearwater (P. pacificus).
 Odostomia clausiliformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Small Minivet (Pericrocotus cinnamomeus) is a small passerine bird. This minivet is found in tropical southern Asia from the Indian subcontinent east to Indonesia.
 Looks Like Trouble (foaled 7 May 1992) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse trained by Noel Chance. A specialised Steeplechaser he raced between February 1997 and June 2003 and won eight of his eighteen races.In 2000 he was well-fancied for the Cheltenham Gold Cup at the odds of 9–2 and was ridden by Richard Johnson. At the tenth fence the horse blundered badly and almost lost a complete chance in the race. He eventually went on to win by five lengths.
 Dinodocus (meaning terrible beam) is the name of a genus of sauropod dinosaur named by Richard Owen in 1884. The name is now usually considered a nomen dubium. The only species D. mackesoni a name given to some fossil limb bones from the Lower Greensand (Lower Cretaceous) of Kent England was formerly placed in the genus Pelorosaurus (Mantell 1850) but review by Upchurch et al. (2004) concludes that Dinodocus is a nomen dubium.
 Mimeugnosta credibilis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).The wingspan is about 8 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy in the basal third tinged with yellow and in the distal half mixed with pink. The hindwings are pale brownish but morecreamy basally.
 The scoophead (Sphyrna media) is a little-known species of hammerhead shark family Sphyrnidae occurring in the tropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean from Panama to southern Brazil and in the eastern Pacific Ocean from the Gulf of California to Ecuador and probably northern Peru. It is found in shallow inshore habitats.One of the smaller hammerheads the scoophead measures 150 cm long; adult males measure 90 cm long and adult females 100-133 cm.
 The Biak Scrubfowl or Biak Megapode (Megapodius geelvinkianus) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family.It is found only in West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss. Some taxonomists consider this to be a subspecies of the Dusky Megapode others as a subspecies of the Orange-footed Scrubfowl but is increasingly looked at as a distinct species.
 Rabauliomorpha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The dice snake (Natrix tessellata) is a European nonvenomous snake belonging to the family Colubridae subfamily Natricinae.
 Cerithium zebrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Gymnobela lamyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Blue Nawab (Polyura schreiber) is a butterfly species found in tropical Asia. It belongs to the Charaxinae (Rajahs and Nawabs) in the brush-footed butterfly family (Nymphalidae). It occurs from South India and Assam through Myanmar Tenasserim and Southeast Asia to southern China and to Java Indonesia.
 Cardita aoteana or the dog's foot cockle is a bivalve mollusc of the family Carditidae endemic to New Zealand including the Chatham Islands and southern offshore islands. It is found from low tide to depths of approximately 185 m.
 The Common Paradise Kingfisher (Tanysiptera galatea) also known as the Galatea Paradise Kingfisher and the Racquet-tailed Kingfisher is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Calophasia angularis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the western parts of the Sahara and Morocco throughout all North Africa Riyadh Israel Jordan and Turkmenistan.Adults are on wing from February to March. There is one generation per year.
 Dabasa amphis is a type of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It has no common name.Other members of the Dabasa genus include:Dabasa arribasDabasa bruneiDabasa ciminiusDabasa evanDabasa gyasDabasa hegylusDabasa lachinusDabasa langsonensisDabasa nagamasaiDabasa payeniDabasa porusDabasa sciron↑
 Atractaspis aterrima commonly known as the slender burrowing asp or mole viper is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family. The specific epithet aterrima meaning blackest is the superlative form of the Latin adjective ater meaning black.
 The Collared Babbler (Gampsorhynchus torquatus) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Austral snipes (Coenocorypha) also known as the New Zealand snipes is a genus of tiny birds in the sandpiper family which are now only found on New Zealand's outlying islands. There are currently six extinct species and three living species with the Subantarctic Snipe having three subspecies including the Campbell Island Snipe discovered as recently as 1997.
 The Rotoitidae are a very small family of rare relictual parasitic wasps in the superfamily Chalcidoidea. Only two species are known each in its own genus one from New Zealand and one from Chile. They are the most recently discovered family of chalcidoids (though ironically they may be the most ancient lineage) and nothing is known about their biology.
 Knipowitschia croatica the Neretva dwarf goby is a species of fresh water goby native to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia. This species can reach a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 Anisoscelidini is a tribe of leaf-footed bugs in the family Coreidae.
 Opharus momis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1912. It is found in Mexico.
 The Yellow-green Finch (Pselliophorus luteoviridis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ctenorhabdotus capulus is an extinct species of ctenophore (or comb jelly) known from the Canadian Burgess shale in British Columbia. It is approximately 515 to 505 million years old and was equipped with 24 comb rows three times as many as known from modern ctenophores. 5 specimens of Ctenorhabdotus are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed where they comprise < 0.1% of the community.
 Virgil (1864–1886) was an American thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Kentucky by Hyman C. Gratz. He was a brown to dark bay stallion was approximately 16 hands high and had a prominent white star on his forehead.[2] His sire Vandal was the second leading sire of the time behind the great Lexington. Virgil was a direct descendant of the thoroughbred foundation sire Herod and was the leading sire in the United States in 1885.Virgil was trained as a flat-racer buggy racer and jumper.
 Rhochmopterum is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Ectopatria plinthina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Tasmanoplectron isolatum is a species of insect in family Rhaphidophoridae. It is endemic to Australia.
 Branchiura is a group of crustaceans ranked as a subclass of the class Maxillopoda. It comprises the fish lice of the family Argulidae and the prehistoric Cyclida (cycloids).
 Prodidactis mystica is an enigmatic Pyraloidea-like moth from southern Africa which has been placed in its own family Prodidactidae and which belongs in the Lepidopteran group Apoditrysia. Its closest relative amongst this large group of Lepidoptera is not known. The larval foodplant is Nuxia congesta (Stilbaceae).
 The Notobranchaeidae are a taxonomic family of floating sea slugs or sea angels pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.The small pelagic snails of this family have no shell (except in the early embryonic stage). They are carnivores equipped with swimming parapodia (fleshy wing-like flaps) strong jaws and grasping tentacles often with suckers resembling those of cephalopods.
 Neptis clarei Clare's Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda western Kenya and possibly north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Paullinia pinnata.
 The Brahminy Myna or Brahminy Starling (Sturnia pagodarum) is a member of the starling family of birds. It is usually seen in pairs or small flocks in open habitats on the plains of the Indian Subcontinent.
 Euchaetes elegans the Elegant Pygarctia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1874. It is found in California Arizona New Mexico Nevada Texas Mexico Guatemala Panama and Colombia.The length of the forewings is 16–18 mm. Adults are sexually dimorphic. Males are smaller and the dorsal abdomen is entirely crimson while the last segment is white in females. Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on Asclepias species.
 Geukensia granosissima common name the southern ribbed mussel is a species of saltwater mussel a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae the mussels.
 Uroleptus musculus is a species of protozoans.
 Turbonilla antiquitas is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Black Saddlebags (Tramea lacerata) is a species of skimmer dragonfly found throughout North America. It has distinctive wings with characteristic black blotches at their proximal ends which make the dragonfly look as though it is wearing saddlebags.The Black Saddlebags is a relatively large dragonfly at about 5 centimeters in length. The body is thin and black and the female may have lighter spotting or mottling dorsally.
 Erbessa thiaucourti is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in French Guiana.The length of the forewings is 14.5-16 mm for males and 19 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is blackish brown with a violet iridescence. The basal three-quartersOf the hindwings are blackish brown with a turquoise to cobalt blue iridescence while the distal fourth is blackish brown with a violet iridescence.
 Eleutherodactylus bicumulus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypena is a genus of moths in the Noctuidae family. This genus includes the former Bomolocha species. These are not migratory overwinter as pupae and are among the few Noctuidae species that almost never come to bait.
 Eudonia aequalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Sweden Finland and Russia.The wingspan is 19–23 mm.
 Euomoea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Simplitype is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acanthoscaphites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. The average diameter of its shell was approximately three fourths of an inch but some specimens have been found with a diameter of slightly over two inches.
 Stigmella resplendensella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in North America including Kentucky.The wingspan is about 6 mm. The larvae feed on Celtis occidentalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The megabat subfamily Macroglossinae is a small group comprising only four genera.
 Gnathophis xenica is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Kiyomatsu Matsubara and Akira Ochiai in 1951 originally as a subspecies of Arisoma nystromi. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Japan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 32 centimetres.
 Neverita is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae the moon snails The type species of this genus is Neverita josephinia Risso 1826.
 Amtosaurus (/ˌɑːmtɵˈsɔrəs/; Kurzanov & Tumanova 1978) is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur based on a fragmentary skull collected from the Upper Cretaceous Bayanshiree Svita Formation (Cenomanian-Santonian) of Mongolia and originally believed to represent an ankylosaurid. Hadrosaurid affinities have also been suggested. However per Parish and Barrett this specimen is too fragmentary to be reliably classified beyond an indeterminate ornithischian. A second species assigned to the genus A.
 Praemastus rhodator is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Limnoperna fortunei the golden mussel is a medium-sized fresh water bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae the true mussels. The native range of the species is China but it has accidentally introduced to South America where it has become an invasive species. It is considered to be an ecosystem engineer because it alters the nature of the sediment at the bottom of lakes and dramatically changes the associated invertebrate communities.
 Nishada syntomioides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The forewing ground colour is dark brown with yellow patches.
 Asiavorator is an extinct genus of carnivorous cat-like civet endemic to Asia in the Oligocene.The teeth of Asiavorator suggest that the beasts were omnivorous or more precisely ranged from hypercarnivorous to mesocarnivorous.
 Meroscelisus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Meroscelisus apicalis White 1853 Meroscelisus opacus Buquet 1860 Meroscelisus servillei Thomson 1865 Meroscelisus thoracicus Seabra 1942 Meroscelisus violaceus Audinet-Serville 1832 Meroscelisus zikani Melzer 1919↑
 Nyodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family most species occur in Africa.Some species of this genus are:Nyodes acatharta Hampson 1913Nyodes argentea 	(Berio 1970)Nyodes auriferoides Laporte 1972Nyodes aurora 	Laporte 1972Nyodes bafouti 	Laporte 1972Nyodes barlowi 	Laporte 1972Nyodes barnsi 	(Prout A.
 Pseudophasmatidae is a family of stick insect commonly called the striped walkingsticks.
 Amblyptilia direptalis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Ethiopia Kenya South Africa Tanzania India and Sri Lanka.The larvae feed on Scutellaria discolor and Teucrium quadrifarium.
 Aaka is a genus of hemiptera in the leafhopper family. There is only one species described in this genus known as Aaka coera. It is distributed in Papua New Guinea.
 Euzophera tetragramma is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Rebel in 1910. It is found in Russia.
 Acanthodica grandis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Dentimargo eburneolus common name the tan marginella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The juil ciego (Rhamdia reddelli) is a species of three-barbeled catfish endemic to Mexico. This species is troglobitic inhabiting streams in caves.
 Ectoedemia mahalebella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the Pyrenees Italy and Greece.The wingspan is 4.3-5.3 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Prunus avium Prunus cerasifera Prunus cerasus Prunus cocomilia Prunus domestica Prunus fruticosa Prunus mahaleb Prunus spinosa and Prunus tenella. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Bahia lime tree frog Sphaenorhynchus bromelicola is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Bahia Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss. It is similar to Sphaenorhynchus orophilus.
 The Oman bullhead shark Heterodontus omanensis is a bullhead shark of the family Heterodontidae found in the tropical western Indian Ocean around central Oman from the surface to 72 m on the continental shelf. This shark can reach a maximum length of 61 cm but on average reaches 56 cm. It is highly possible that the Oman bullhead shark is accidentally caught as by-catch putting the species at risk. More research is needed to report on the biology and conservation status of this shark.
 Propebela subturgida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Epidesma imitata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Cingulina laticingulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Orthaga disparoidalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in China.
 Kalophrynus palmatissimus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudis minuta is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes pastureland water storage areas ponds and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Erosaria miliaris common name the Millet Cowry or the Inocellate Cowry or the Military Cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Bucculatrix santolinella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1898. It is found in southern France and Spain and on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is about 8 mm. The forewings are white with patches of olive-brown speckling with blackish scales. The hindwings are shining brownish-cinereous.The larvae feed on Santolina species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Nicrophorus heurni is a burying beetle that lives in Australia and New Guinea.
 Adineta ricciae is a species of freshwater rotifer in the family Adinetidae. It was first described in 2005 after being discovered by chance in dry mud beside a billabong in Australia. It is used as a model organism as it is easy to keep in culture.
 Evarcha culicivora is a species of jumping spider from Kenya. It is also known as the Vampire Spider.It feeds mainly on the mosquito species Anopheles gambiae the main vector of malaria in the region.It is the only known animal that selects its prey based on what the latter has eaten.
 Ariadne is a genus of nymphalid butterfly commonly called Castors found in Sub-saharan Africa to South-east Asia. The genus was named after Ariadne the daughter of Minos king of Crete.
 Phyllomacromia picta is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Chad Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Meloidogyne partityla is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The east-coast free-tailed bat or eastern little mastiff bat (Mormopterus norfolkensis) is a species of bat native to Australia. It is listed as Vulnerable on the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995 and is found along the east coast of Australia within New South Wales. It belongs to the subgenus Micronomus.Little is known of the ecology of the species. Morphology of the species indicates that the species is a fast flyer adapted to foraging for insects in open areas.
 Sygambritinae is one of two subfamilies of the Goniatitaceae superfamilies. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 The Lost River sucker (Deltistes luxatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Catostomidae. It is the only living member of the genus Deltistes. It is found only in California and Oregon. Its population is much reduced from historical numbers for a number of reasons. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
 Morelet's tree frog (Agalychnis moreletii) is a species of tree frog of family Hylidae. It belongs to the leaf frog subfamily (Phyllomedusinae) and is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico. They have also been called black-eyed leaf frog and popeye hyla.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Hypophytala henleyi Grose-Smith’s Flash is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lachnolaimus maximus the hogfish is a species of wrasse native to the western Atlantic Ocean with a range from Nova Scotia Canada to northern South America including the Gulf of Mexico. This species occurs around reefs especially preferring areas with plentiful gorgonians. This species is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Phyllonorycter epichares is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Assam).The larvae feed on Malus species including Malus pumila. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Gemmula hindsiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Chendol is a genus of spineless eels native to Southeast Asia.
 The mountain bluebird (Sialia currucoides) is a medium-sized bird weighing about 30 g (1.1 oz) with a length from 16–20 cm (6.3–7.9 in). They have light underbellies and black eyes. Adult males have thin bills that are bright turquoise-blue and somewhat lighter beneath. Adult females have duller blue wings and tail grey breast grey crown throat and back.
 Austrandesia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Sugarcane borer (Chilo terrenellus) is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and islands in the Torres Strait.The larvae feed on sugarcane. They tunnel into the stalks of their host plant. This may result in dead tops broken stalks and reduced sugar content as well as poor-quality canes. The tunnelsalso provide access for other pests and pathogens.
 Caspian Marine Shad (Alosa braschnikowi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa.
 The Black Dash (Euphyes conspicua) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the upper Midwest of North America from eastern Nebraska east to southern Ontario and along the central Atlantic Coast from Massachusetts south to south-eastern Virginia.The wingspan is 32–42 mm. The upperside is black. The underside of the hindwings is reddish brown with a curved band of yellow spots. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation per year.
 Lauria fanalensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae. This species is endemic to Portugal.
 The Brown Jacamar (Brachygalba lugubris) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Cyllecoris marginatus is a species of bugs in Miridae family that is endemic to Greece.
 ‘‘Brachyglene’’ thirmida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia.Adults resemble Scea species. Morphological traits demonstrate that wing-pattern resemblance in this case is a result of convergent evolution perhaps attributable to Müllerian mimicry.
 Parafomoria ladaniphila is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Portugal and southern Spain.The length of the forewings is 1.7-1.85 mm for males and 1.7-1.8 mm for females. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Cistus ladanifer. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a short very narrow almost invisible gallery soon becoming a full depth circular blotch in which the frass is concentrated in a circular spot in the centre.
 Nemacheilus platiceps is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Poropanchax is a genus of poeciliid fishes native to Africa.
 Paracoccus marginatus commonly known as the papaya mealybug is a small sap-sucking insect in the mealybug family Pseudococcidae. It is found on a number of different hosts including economically important tropical fruit trees and various ornamental plants.
 Paddlefish (family Polyodontidae) are primitive Chondrostean ray-finned fishes. The paddlefish can be distinguished by its large mouth and its elongated spatula-like snout called a rostrum which is longer than the rest of the head. These fish are not closely related to sharks which are in a different taxonomic class but they do have some body parts that resemble those of sharks such as their skeletons primarily composed of cartilage and their deeply forked heterocercal tail fins.
 Fabresema elisabethae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 European pilchard (Sardina pilchardus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the monotypic genus Sardina.Littoral species. Forms schools usually at depths of 25 to 55 or even 100 m by day rising to 10 to 35 m at night. Feeds mainly on planktonic crustaceans also on larger organisms. Spawns in batches in the open sea or near the coast producing 50000-60000 eggs with a mean diameter of 1.5 mm.
 The Glaucous Gull (Larus hyperboreus) is a large gull which breeds in the Arctic regions of the northern hemisphere and the Atlantic coasts of Europe. It is migratory wintering from in the North Atlantic and North Pacific oceans as far south as the British Isles and northernmost states of the USA also on the Great Lakes. A few birds sometimes reach the southern USA and northern Mexico.This species breeds colonially or singly on coasts and cliffs making a lined nest on the ground or cliff.
 The erratic ant (Tapinoma erraticum) is a species of dolichoderine ant first described in 1789 by Latreille.This species ranges throughout Central Europe from the mountains of south Italy to north Germany. It is present in coastal areas of Southern England and on the islands of Gotland and Öland in Sweden.A thermophilic species T. erraticum is found principally on dry heathland exposed to the sun.
 Richardson's ground squirrel (Urocitellus richardsonii) or the flickertail is a North American ground squirrel in the genus Urocitellus. Like a number of other ground squirrels they are sometimes called Dak Rats or gophers though this name belongs more strictly to the pocket gophers of family Geomyidae.
 Benthomangelia trophonoidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Stigmella bumbegerensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from Bojan-Chongor Aimak in Mongolia.
 Argyresthia impura is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia.The wingspan is 12-14 mm.
 Turridrupa jubata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pseudocypraea adamsonii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pediculariidae one of the families of cowry allies.
 Benitochromis is a small genus of cichlid fishes that are endemic to riverine and lake habitats in Middle Africa (Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea including the island of Bioko). Several of these species were originally assigned to the genus Chromidotilapia.
 The silverleaf whitefly (Bemisia tabaci which is also informally referred to as the sweetpotato whitefly) is one of several whiteflies that are currently important agricultural pests. The silverleaf whitefly is classified in the family Aleyrodidae and is included in the large sub-order of insects Sternorrhyncha.
 The true seals or earless seals are one of the three main groups of mammals within the seal superfamily Pinnipedia. All true seals are members of the family Phocidae /ˈfoʊsədiː/. They are sometimes called crawling seals to distinguish them from the fur seals and sea lions of the family Otariidae. Seals live in the oceans of both hemispheres and with the exception of the more tropical monk seals are mostly confined to polar subpolar and temperate climates.
 Ectopioglossa is a far eastern genus of potter wasps.
 Alampla is a genus of moths in the family Immidae.
 Mordellina janae is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 2012.
 The Pine Tussock (Dasychira pinicola) is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in New Jersey Massachusetts Wisconsin and Minnesota.The larvae feed on Pinus species including Pinus banksiana.
 Glyphipterix synarma is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India (Assam).
 Barticeja is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Acrolophus hamiferella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Blastobasis sciota is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Bradley in 1961. It is found on Guadalcanal.
 Carposina morbida is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The head thorax and abdomen are ochreous-whitish the shoulders with an ochreous spot. The forewings are elongate rather narrow posteriorly somewhat dilated the costa gently arched the apex obtuse the termen straight and rather oblique. They are silvery-whitish-ochreous irregularly strewn with ochreous scales. The hindwings and cilia are whitish.
 Undopterix is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae containing two species. Undopterix sukatshevae is known from Russia. The fossil remains are dated to the Lower Cretaceous.The second species Undopterix cariensis is known from the Crato Formation in Brazil.
 The Streak-throated Swallow or the Indian Cliff Swallow (Petrochelidon fluvicola) is a species of swallow found in South Asia.
 Xerantica are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 The Shining Bronze Cuckoo (Chrysococcyx lucidus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family found in Australia Indonesia New Caledonia New Zealand Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. It was previously also known as Chalcites lucidus.It is the world’s smallest cuckoo being only 15 to 17 centimetres (5.9 to 6.7 in) in length and parasitises chiefly dome-shaped nests of various Gerygone species having a range that largely corresponds with the distribution of that genus.
 A gazelle is any of many antelope species in the genus Gazella or formerly considered to belong to it. Six species are included in two genera Eudorcas and Nanger which were formerly considered subgenera.
 The Puerto Rican Amazon (Amazona vittata) also known as the Puerto Rican Parrot or Iguaca is the only bird endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico belonging to the Neotropical genus Amazona. Measuring 28–30 cm (11.0–11.8 in) the bird is a predominantly green parrot with a red forehead and white rings around the eyes. Two subspecies have been described although there are doubts regarding the distinctiveness of the form gracilipes from Culebra Island extinct since 1912.
 Hynhamia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Owenia is a genus of marine polychaete worms in the family Oweniidae.
 Opsimini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Dicentrus Dicentrus bidentatus (Champlain & Knull 1926) Dicentrus bluthneri LeConte 1880 Genus Opsimus Opsimus quadrilineatus Mannerheim 1843↑
 Cigaritis cynica is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba) and Zambia.
 Cheloniellida is an unranked taxon (usually referred to as a class or order) of extinct Paleozoic arthropods currently (Dunlop & Selden 1997; Dunlop 2002) thought to be a member of the Arachnomorpha and related to the Chelicerata and the Trilobita while not included in any of those. There are six included genera dating from Ordovician Silurian and Devonian.
 Rhodocosmaria is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Schizothorax elongatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 The Dion Skipper or Alabama Skipper Euphyes dion is a species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in scattered populations along the Atlantic coast of North America from western Massachusetts and south-eastern New York south to north-eastern Florida west to north-eastern Texas and north to south-eastern North Dakota northern Wisconsin southern Ontario and southern Quebec. The wingspan is 37-45 mm.
 Darara (11 May 1983 – June 2012) was an Irish-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. Her racing career was restricted to six races between June and November 1983 and included three wins including the Prix Vermeille and Prix de Psyche. She went on to finish sixth behind Dancing Brave in France's most important race the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and was one of the highest-rated fillies of her generation in Europe.
 Brachystomatinae is a subfamily of flies belonging to the family Empididae.
 The Dent's shrew (Crocidura denti) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna.
 Nepomorpha is an infraorder of insects in the true bug order (Hemiptera). They belong to the typical bugs of the suborder Heteroptera. Due to their aquatic habits these animals are known as true water bugs. They occur all over the world outside the polar regions with about 2000 species altogether. The Nepomorpha can be distinguished from related Heteroptera by their missing or vestigial ocelli.
 Synechodes sumatrana is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2000. It is found on Sumatra.
 Nyctemera robusta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Thitarodes armoricanus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Charles Oberthür in 1909 and is known from the Tibet Autonomous Region in China.
 Madhyattus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in India.
 Urophora dysphanes is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Craugastor rivulus is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Guatemala.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Philippine sawshark or Lana's sawshark Pristiophorus lanae is a sawshark of the family Pristiophoridae found in the Philippines off Apo Island and southern Luzon at depths of between 230 and 590 m. Its length is up to 73 cm.Its reproduction is presumed to be ovoviviparous.
 Termitotroginae is a monotypic subfamily of the family Scarabaeidae the scarab beetles. The only genus in the subfamily is Termititrox. A second genus Aphodiocopris Arrow 1920 has been synonymised with Termitotrox.
 The Campaniloidea is a superfamily of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks. The Campaniloidea are unassigned in the clade Caenogastropoda.
 Americobdella is a genus of carnivorous leeches from southern Chile comprising only the species Americobdella valdiviana.
 The Bliss Rapids snail scientific name Taylorconcha serpenticola is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Idaho in the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is named after the Bliss Rapids on the Snake River as the river passes through the State of Idaho.
 Eribella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Kejdonia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Crenigomphus is a genus of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It contains the following species: Crenigomphus abyssinicus Crenigomphus denticulatus Crenigomphus hartmanni Crenigomphus renei
 The yellowback stingaree Urolophus sufflavus is a locally abundant but little-known species of stingray in the family Urolophidae. It is almost endemic to New South Wales with a range from Green Cape northward extending only barely into Queensland (Stradbroke Island).
 Homoeosoma stenotea is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Hampson in 1926. It is found in Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 Phytocoris tiliae is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Mirinae.
 The bighead spurdog (Squalus bucephalus) is a rare and little-known species of dogfish shark in the family Squalidae. It is found in deep water south of New Caledonia and over the Norfolk Ridge. Reaching at least 90 cm (35 in) in length this stocky shark is brown above and light below with a broad head and two dorsal fins with long spines. It is the only member of its genus with both one- and three-pointed dermal denticles.
 Rana cordofana is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to Sudan.Its natural habitats are freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The West Peruvian Dove (Zenaida meloda) was first described in 1843 by the Swiss naturalist Johann Jakob Baron von Tschudi. It is closely related to the North American White-winged Dove (Zenaida asiatica) but is now considered a separate species by ornithologists due to genetic and behavioral differences. Specimens are brownish-gray above and gray below with a bold white wing patch that appears as a brilliant white crescent in flight and is also visible at rest.
 Eulima parfaiti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Kurtziella margaritifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The mottled triplefin Forsterygion malcolmi is a triplefin of the genus Forsterygion found around New Zealand at depths down to 30 m in reef areas of broken rock.
 Proterosuchidae is an early possibly paraphyletic assemblage of basal archosauriformes whose fossils are known from the Latest Permian of Russia and the Early Triassic of southern Africa Russia China Australia and Antarctica. The name comes from Greek πρότερο- (first) and σοῦχος (crocodile).
 Hawkins's Rail or Giant Chatham Island Rail Diaphorapteryx hawkinsi was a flightless extinct bird endemic to the Chatham Islands east of New Zealand. It is known to have existed only on the main islands of Chatham Island and Pitt Island.
 Ivara terryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Spermophorides mammata is a cellar spider species found in Spain.
 Callambulyx amanda is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Burma Thailand Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and the Philippines.It is similar to Callambulyx rubricosa but can be distinguished by the conspicuous black marking near the tornus of the hindwing upperside.
 Limax cinereoniger is a large species of air-breathing land slug in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Limacidae the keelback slugs. This is the largest land slug species in the world.
 The Pseudocrenilabrinae are a subfamily in the cichlid family of fishes to which according to a study from 2004 includes all the Middle Eastern and African cichlids with the exception of the unusual Heterochromis multidens and the Malagasy species. Previous authors recognized additional African subfamilies e.g.
 The Niue Night Heron (Nycticorax kalavikai) is an extinct night heron species that was endemic to the island of Niue in West Polynesia.
 The red-shanked douc (Pygathrix nemaeus) is a species of Old World monkey among the most colourful of all primates. This monkey is sometimes called the costumed ape for its extravagant appearance. From its knees to its ankles it sports maroon-red stockings and it appears to wear white forearm length gloves. Its attire is finished with black hands and feet. The golden face is framed by a white ruff which is considerably fluffier in males. The eyelids are a soft powder blue.
 Gorytvesica ebenoptera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).The wingspan is 14.5 mm for males and 17 mm for females. The wings are dark brown in the distal third tinged rust with weak brown strigulation. The hindwings are blackish brown.
 The Red-headed Fody (Foudia eminentissima) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is found in Comoros Mayotte and Seychelles. The taxon aldabrana by most authorities considered a subspecies of the Red-headed Fody has occasionally been considered a separate species the Aldabra Fody (Foudia aldabrana) in which case the common name of the remaining species often is modified to Comoros Fody.
 Argonauta bottgeri also known as Böttger's argonaut is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta. The female of the species like all argonauts creates a paper-thin eggcase that coils around the octopus much like the way a nautilus lives in its shell (hence the name paper nautilus).A. bottgeri is the smallest argonaut species. The eggcase rarely exceeds 50 mm in diameter although exceptional specimens have been known to grow up to 67.0 mm. A.
 Asthenotricha strangulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Dobson's shrew tenrec (Microgale dobsoni) is a species of mammal in the Tenrecidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Speke's hinge-back tortoise (Kinixys spekii) is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family. It is found in Africa.
 Ceriagrion georgifreyi is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Greece Syria Turkey and possibly Lebanon. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 True North (foaled 1940) was a successful American Thoroughbred racehorse for which the True North Handicap at Belmont Park is named.True North was bred and raced by businessman W. Deering Howe a grandson of Charles Deering Chairman of the Board of Directors and a founding major shareholder in International Harvester. True North was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Preston M. Burch.
 The small-toothed long-eared bat (Nyctophilus microdon) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Empis borealis is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It is found in most of Europe except the Balkan Peninsula the Baltic Region and the Iberian Peninsula.
 Steironepion is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Orophia tetrasticta is a species of moths in the family Oecophoridae. It was described by Meyrick in 1917 and is known from South Africa.
 Clyde Van Dusen (1926–1948) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and the winner of the 1929 Kentucky Derby.
 The Abyssinian grass rat (Arvicanthis abyssinicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland arable land and pastureland.
 Loryma basalis is a species of moth in the family Pyralidae. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Rwanda South Africa Mozambique and the Seychelles.
 Mitra (Mitra) stictica common name the pontifical mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters.
 Teleosaurus was an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform that lived during the Middle Jurassic. It was approximately 3 metres (10 ft) in length. Teleosaurus had highly elongate jaws similar to those of a modern gharial. It had a long slender body with a sinuous tail that would have helped propel it through the water. Its forelimbs were remarkably short and would probably have been held close to the body when swimming to improve the animal's streamlining.
 The Chilean Hawk (Accipiter (bicolor) chilensis) is a bird of prey species belonging to the typical hawks. It breeds in Andes forests from central Chile and western Argentina south to Tierra del Fuego from sea level to 2700 m altitude (though birds are rarely observed above 1000 m). Some winter apparently in the lowlands of NW Argentina.It is sometimes considered to be a subspecies of its northern relative the Bicolored Hawk (A. bicolor) and sometimes a distinct species.
 Neurois is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aphthona czwalinae is a species of leaf beetle known as the black leafy spurge flea beetle. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious weed leafy spurge (Euphorbia esula).The adult beetle is shiny black and about 3 millimeters long. The female lays eggs on the soil next to leafy spurge its host plant during the summer months. The larva emerges in 16 or 17 days. It is white with a light brown head.
 The California roach (Hesperoleucus symmetricus) is a cyprinid fish native to western North America and abundant in the intermittent streams throughout central California. It is the sole member of its genus Hesperoleucus.This fish is of a relatively chunky body shape with a largish head and large eyes but a small mouth oriented downwards. Color is a darker grayish-bluish above and a dull silver underneath.
 Oxyptilus erebites is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Coleophora galatellae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Germany to the Pyrenees and Italy and from France to Hungary. It is also known from southern Russia.The larvae feed on Aster linosyris. They create an elongate tubular silken case which is decorated by about 6 broad bands of rather coarse sand grains. The case is 5–7 mm long and the mouth angle is about 45°. Larvae can be found from September to May.
 Cheliosea is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Australia.
 Harita rectilinea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India (Khasia Hills) Sri Lanka Burma Peninsular Malaysia and on Sumatra and Borneo.The larvae feed on Combretum species.
 Antrocarcinus petrosus is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Antrocarcinus.
 Rotylenchulus parvus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Cypraeoidea the cowries and cowry allies is a superfamily of sea snails marine gastropods included in the clade Littorinimorpha. This superfamily was previously called Cypraeacea and was named by Rafinesque in 1815.
 Anisyntoides is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Cherimoya (4 May 1908 – 1927) was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1911 Epsom Oaks in the only start of her racing career. Cherimoya was bred and owned by South African mining magnate William Broderick Cloete who was killed in 1915 during the sinking of the Lusitania. Her most notable offspring were the fillies Sunny Moya and Una Cameron. Cherimoya was euthanised in 1927.
 Leptostraca (from the Greek words for thin and shell) is an order of small marine crustaceans. Its members including the well-studied Nebalia occur throughout the world's oceans and are usually considered to be filter-feeders. It is the only extant order in the subclass Phyllocarida. They are believed to represent the most primitive members of their class the Malacostraca and first appear in the fossil record during the Cambrian period.
 Simuliinae is a sub family of black flies. It contains huge numbers of species mostly in the genus Simulium. There are 2 Tribes and 25 living genera. A further 5 genera are only known from Cretaceous fossils.
 Piezia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Piezia algoensis Peringuey 1896 Piezia alternata Burgeon 1929 Piezia angulata Burgeon 1929 Piezia angusticollis Boheman 1848 Piezia apicemaculata Basilewsky 1981 Piezia aptinoides Perroud 1846 Piezia axillaris Brulle 1834 Piezia beirensis Burgeon 1929 Piezia emarginata Fairmaire 1887 Piezia kuntzeni Burgeon 1929 Piezia licita Peringuey 1899 Piezia livingstoni Chaudoir 1870 Piezia mashuna Peringuey 1896 Piezia pilosevittata J.Thomson 1857 Piezia quinquesignata Fairmaire 1887 Piezia selousi Peringuey 1896 Piezia spinolae (Bertoloni 1849) Piezia suturata Burgeon 1929 ↑
 Volvarina ofeliae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Parectopa quadristrigella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Colombia.
 Carandaisuchus is an extinct genus of caiman. Fossils have been found from the Ituzaingó Formation in Argentina. It was unique among crocodilians in having a pronounced bony occipital crest. The genus has been proposed to be synonymous with Mourasuchus a strange nettosuchid with an unusually long broad snout.
 Scolopendra cingulata also known as Megarian banded centipede and the Mediterranean banded centipede is a species of centipede and the most common scolopendromorph species in the Mediterranean area.
 The Chile Darwin's frog (Rhinoderma rufum) also called the Northern Darwin's frog is one of only two members of the family Rhinodermatidae. It is endemic to central Chile.
 Petricolaria pholadiformis common names false angel wing (USA) and American piddock (UK) is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Petricolidae which is related to the large family Veneridae the Venus clams.
 Tibellus is a genus of slender crab spiders described by Simon in 1875 belonging to the order Araneae family Philodromidae. Species of this genus are present in Eurasia Africa Americas and Australia.
 Biomphalaria glabrata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.Biomphalaria glabrata is an intermediate snail host for the trematode Schistosoma mansoni which is one of the main schistosomes that infect humans.
 Hesperochroa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mixopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Vexillum pelaezi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Romitia nigra is a jumping spider and the type species in the genus Romitia. It is found in Guyana.
 The spotted garden eel Heteroconger hassi or lazy gob is a conger of the family Congridae found in Indo-Pacific oceans at depths of between 7 and 45 m. Length is up to 40 cm and the body diameter is up to about 14 mm. The species live in abundant colonies of up to a few thousand on sandy burrows close to corals and reefs. The lazy gobs point their mouths towards the underwater current in order to catch drifting zooplankton.
 Argiope protensa is a species of the spider genus Argiope. It is also known as longtailed orb-weaving spider or tear drop spider.
 Christophia tessulata is a species of snout moth in the genus Christophia. It was described by Falkovitsch in 1999 and is known from Uzbekistan.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Caroxylon orientalis.
 Limnaecia adiacrita is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Arachnis mishma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Mexico.
 The Fiery-tailed Awlbill (Avocettula recurvirostris) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is monotypic for its genus.It is found in Brazil Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Isometrus maculatus is a species of scorpion in the Buthidae family commonly called in English the 'Lesser Brown Scorpion'. Its distribution is pantropical; it is an introduced species in Hawai'i.
 Eufalloides holmesi is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Eufalloides.
 Eleutherodactylus chrysops is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hexamitoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chalcopsitta is a genus of parrot in the family Psittaculidae and the subfamily Loriinae. All four species are found on the islands of and around New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. The name Chalcopsitta is derived from the Greek khalkos meaning bronze and psitta for parrot.
 Spotless Grass Yellow (Eurema laeta) is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae (the Yellows and Whites) which is found in India.
 Notohippidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals from South America. Notohippids are known from the Eocene and Oligocene epochs.
 Pseudomiza argentilinea is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan China Burma and India.
 The Dipsacaceae have been recognized as a family (the teasel family) of the order Dipsacales containing 350 species of perennial or biennial herbs and shrubs in eleven genera. The species are currently placed in the family Caprifoliaceae. Native to most temperate climates they are found in Europe Asia and Africa.
 Calisto israeli is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Cuba where it is known from the Sierra Maestra. The species inhabits evergreen and rainforests at altitudes between 800 m and 1500 metres. It is also found in cloud forest above 1500 metres and at the cloud scrub around Pico Turquino.The length of the forewings is 19–25 mm.
 Cryptomastix mullani is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Sinogastromyzon is a genus of hillstream loaches native to eastern Asia. IUCN has assessed conservation status of 14 Sinogastromyzon species. Of these ten are considered Data Deficient three of Least Concern and one (S. puliensis) Vulnerable.
 Hellinsia ecstaticus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Uganda.
 Kryostega is a large temnospondyl amphibian from the Early or Middle Triassic of Antarctica. The genus is based on a single specimen collected in 1986 by a team led by paleontologist William H. Hammer of Augustana College and now housed in the collections of the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH 24419).
 Synapte is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Thitarodes baimaensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Liang in 1988 and is known from Yunnan China.
 Heteroteuthis is a genus of bobtail squid comprising five species.
 Hyperolius acuticephalus is a species of frogs endemic to the Central African Republic.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Lucina pensylvanica or the Pennsylvania lucine is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies.
 Nacoleiopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The northern desert horned lizard (Phrynosoma platyrhinos platyrhinos) is a subspecies of the desert horned lizard along with the southern desert horned lizard (P. p. calidiarum). It is often referred to as a horny toad due to its wide body and blunt snout but it is not a toad.
 Thysanotus is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae subfamily Lomandroideae which are native to Australia Malesia and Asia. Species include:Thysanotus acerosifolius Brittan Thysanotus anceps Lindl Fringe-LilyThysanotus arbuscula Baker Thysanotus arenarius Brittan Thysanotus asper Lindl. - Hairy Fringe-lilyThysanotus banksii R.Br.Thysanotus baueri R.Br. - Mallee Fringe-lily.
 Ixala is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ceutholopha isidis is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceutholopha. It was described by Zeller in 1867 and is known from Egypt India Pakistan Sri Lanka Afghanistan Iran Namibia South Africa and the United Arab Emirates.The larvae feed on Acacia farnesiana Acacia tortilis Rhus oxyacantha and Acacia nilotica.
 Stigmella carpinella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in from Sweden to Belgium the Alps Croatia and Bulgaria and from Great Britain to Ukraine.The wingspan is 5–6 mm. Adults are on wing at the end of April.The larvae feed on Carpinus betulus Carpinus orientalis and Ostrya carpinifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a rather broad corridor. The first part is mostly filled with frass. Later it is found in thick lumps.
 The Cantharidinae are a taxonomic subfamily of very small to large sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae common name top snails. Originally it was ranked as tribe of the Trochinae according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi from 2005 but was elevated to the rank of subfamily following Williams et al.
 Stigmella aigialeia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 2 mm. Adults have been recorded in January February September and October. Probably in one but possibly in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Plagianthus divaricatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a small gallery gradually filling all space between leaf cuticles. Larvae have been recorded in April May and September.
 Catadoides is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Callionymus enneactis the Mangrove dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean at depths down to 15 metres (49 ft). At shallower depths it occurs in areas of mangroves being found on coral reefs at deeper depths. This species grows to a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Schistura spiloptera is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The Martinique Oriole (Icterus bonana) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family. It is endemic to Martinique.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and plantations .
 Ischnocampa nubilosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1892. It is found in Ecuador.
 Hypsopygia medialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1903. It is found in India.
 Anthidium brevithorace is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The great hopping mouse (Notomys robustus) is extinct. It is known only from skulls found in owl pellets in the Flinders Ranges. Some pellets also include bones of the introduced house mouse—indicating that it survived into historic times possibly the second half of the 19th century. From the skull it appears to have been relatively large (perhaps the size of N. amplus or a little more) and to have escaped collection by early 19th century naturalists by chance.
 Saurodon (Lizard Tooth) is an extinct genus of Ichthyodectid fish from the Cretaceous.Saurodon leanus is known to occur as early as the late Coniacian through the Santonian in the Late Cretaceous. It was a large predatory fish with a length of more than 2.5 m.
 Attheyella is a genus of copepods in the family Canthocamptidae containing the following species:
 Chirixalus is a now-synonymized genus in the moss frog family (Rhacophoridae). It used to include species from southern and eastern Asia. These species are now found mostly in Chiromantis but also in Kurixalus Liuixalus Feihyla Gracixalus and Theloderma. The demise of Chirixalus and its absorption into Chiromantis resulted mostly from polyphyly of Chirixalus and paraphyly of Chiromantis.
 Clystea stipata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Galtara pulverata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in South Africa.
 Asuroides rubea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Durante in 2008. It is found in Africa.
 Cataclysta marginipuncta is a Crambidae species in the genus Cataclysta. It was described by Turner in 1937. It is found in Queensland in Australia.Adults have an broad pattern of shades of brown on their wings. There is an arc of black spots along the margin of each hindwing.
 Eupithecia aradjouna is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Mantidactylus is a frog genus in the family Mantellidae. These frogs live only in Madagascar and Mayotte. These frogs are usually less brightly colored than their relatives in Mantella.In recent works Blommersia Boehmantis Gephyromantis Guibemantis Spinomantis and Wakea are often separated from Mantidactylus.
 The Queen Scallop scientific name Aequipecten opercularis is a medium-sized species of scallop an edible marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae the scallops.
 Eupithecia penablanca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Carr Canyon in Arizona. The habitat consists of oak chaparral forests.The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm for males and 7–9 mm for females. The forewings are pale grey-brown. Adults have been recorded on wing in August.
 Meladema is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae. It contains the following species (among others): Meladema coriacea Laporte 1835 Meladema imbricata (Wollaston 1871) Meladema lanio (Fabricius 1775)↑
 Stagmatoptera abdominalis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera.
 The black-sided hawkfish Paracirrhites forsteri is a species of hawkfish from the Indo-Pacific. It is occasionally found in the aquarium trade and is also of minor importance to local commercial fisheries. It grows to a total length of 22 cm (8.7 in).
 Liptena flavicans the Large Ochreous Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of drier forests and open areas in wetter forests.
 Scopula comes is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 The Pale-eyed Thrush (Turdus leucops) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. Its genus is controversial. Some taxonomists place this species in the genus Platycichla based on morphology. The SACC places it in the genus Turdus.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Camillina elegans is a spider species in the genus Camillina. It is found in the Caribbean in Angola and in the Pacific Islands.
 Rhodopetoma erosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Trivirostra poppei is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Romanogobio elimeius is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found in Greece and the Republic of Macedonia. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phalonidia aliena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Liaoning) Japan Korea and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is about 11 mm.
 Peetula is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eupithecia relaxata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan Turkmenistan (the Kopet-Dagh Mountains) Iran Tajikistan (the Pamir Mountains) Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan (the Tien-Shan Mountains) Pakistan (Baltistan) Jammu & Kashmir India (the Ladakh Range) north-western China (Xinjiang) and Mongolia (the Mongol Altai Mountains).There are two generations per year.
 Bellypha (28 February 1976 – after 2001) was an Irish-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. Despite never winning a Group One race Bellypha was one of the highest-rated racehorses of his generation in Europe at both two and three years of age.
 Aglossostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Alona hercegovinae is a species of crustacean in family Chydoridae. It is endemic to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Its natural habitat is inland karsts.
 Prays peperitis is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family.
 Ellipteroides is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Leucotmemis emergens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Coleophora nyingchiensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.
 Macna rufus is a species of snout moths in the genus Macna. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1908. It is found in New Guinea.
 Abrothrix is a genus of rodent in the tribe Abrotrichini of family Cricetidae.It contains the following living species:Abrothrix andinusAbrothrix hershkovitziAbrothrix illuteusAbrothrix jelskiiAbrothrix lanosusAbrothrix longipilisAbrothrix olivaceusAbrothrix sanborni↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Viviparus contectus common name Lister's river snail is a species of large freshwater snail with an operculum and a gill an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae the river snails.
 Erosaria gangranosa is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.There is one subspecies : Erosaria gangranosa reentsii (Dunker 1852)
 Pagodula pulchella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Zabrus galicianus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.
 Phyllomedusa boliviana is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Brazil (west of Mato Grosso and Rondônia States).Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests intermittent freshwater marshes and ponds. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aegyptopithecus which means Egyptian Primate from Greek Αίγυπτος (Egypt) and πίθηκος (primate) is an early fossil catarrhine that predates the divergence between hominoids (apes) and Old World monkeys. It is known from a single species Aegyptopithecus zeuxis and lived some 35-33 million years ago in the early part of the Oligocene epoch. It likely resembled modern-day New World monkeys (it is about the same size as a modern howler monkey) who is 56 to 92 cm (22 to 36 in) long.
 Thliptoceras elegans is a moth of the Crambidae family. It occurs in La Réunion.
 Anaccra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Kalbar rasbora or Rasbora kalbarensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora. It is known from forest streams and clear black waters of western Borneo. It grows to length 2.5 cm (0.98 in) SL.
 Apatelodes inviolata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Hypopyra burmanica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Burma.
 The Colombian horned frog or Venezuelan horned frog (Ceratophrys calcarata) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Euchromius aris is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Kenya.The length of the forewings is 12-14 mm. The groundcolour of the forewings is creamy white densely suffused with ochreous to dark brown scales. The hindwings are grey to light brown with a darkly bordered termen. Adults have been recorded in March.
 Stigmella hybnerella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe. It is also found in North Africa the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.
 Platystomatidae (Signal flies) is a distinctive family of flies (Diptera). Signal flies are worldwide in distribution found in all the ecozones but predominating in the tropics. It is one of the larger families of acalyptrate Diptera with around 1200 species in 119 genera.
 The Claudina Agrias (Agrias claudina) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Venezuela and Guyana to Bolivia. The subspecies sardanapalus is found in Ecuador Brazil and Peru. It is found in primary and secondary rainforest at altitudes between 200 and 600 meters.The larvae feed on Erythroxylum species. Adults feed on decomposing fruit and rotting fish.
 Dardanus gemmatus the jeweled anemone hermit crab is a species of hermit crab native to tropical reefs surrounding the Indo-Pacific typically at depths of 2–100 metres (10–330 ft).
 The Chestnut-breasted Whiteface (Aphelocephala pectoralis) is a species of bird in the Pardalotidae family.It is endemic to Australia and found primarily in northern South Australia.
 The Scaled Fruiteater (Ampelioides tschudii) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is the only member of the genus Ampelioides.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Nybyoceras is an actinocerid genus assigned to the Armenoceratidae and similar to Armenoceras except for having a siphuncle close to the ventral side of the shell.
 The shrimp scad Alepes djedaba (also known as the slender yellowtail kingfish) is a species of widespread tropical marine fish of the jack family Carangidae. The shrimp scad is widely distributed in the tropical and subtropical western Indian Ocean and areas of the eastern Pacific Ocean ranging from South Africa in the west to Hawaii in the east including Japan and Australia to the north and south. The species is commonly found on inshore reefs and sandy substrates.
 Timia pulchra is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Lissonoschema fasciatum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fisher in 1944.
 Litozamia latior is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Anapliomera is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now Illinois U.S.A. It was described by Demott in 1987 and the type species is Anapliomera shirlandensis.
 Astrocoeniidae is a small family of stony corals. The family is distributed across the tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide.
 Hedroxena is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Caloenas is a genus of pigeons. The only living species is the Nicobar Pigeon (C. nicobarica). One or two extinct species are known: Caloenas canacorum was a large species from New Caledonia and Tonga. It is only known by subfossil remains and was probably hunted to extinction by the early settlers. The Liverpool Pigeon another extinct species from an unknown locality has only a slightly similarity to the Nicobar Pigeon due to its neck feathers.
 The Tui chub Gila bicolor is a cyprinid fish native to western North America. Widespread in many areas it is an important food source for other fish including the cutthroat trout.
 Aglaeactis is a genus of hummingbirds in the Trochilidae family. It contains the following species: Shining Sunbeam (Aglaeactis cupripennis) Purple-backed Sunbeam (Aglaeactis aliciae) White-tufted Sunbeam (Aglaeactis castelnaudii) Black-hooded Sunbeam (Aglaeactis pamela)
 Acrocercops telearcha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 The European Peacock (Inachis io) more commonly known simply as the Peacock butterfly is a colourful butterfly found in Europe and temperate Asia as far east as Japan. Classified as the only member of the genus Inachis (the name is derived from Greek mythology meaning Io the daughter of Inachus). It should not be confused or classified with the American peacocks in the genus Anartia; these are not close relatives of the Eurasian species.
 The Emperor Fairywren (Malurus cyanocephalus) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Anticomitas vivens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Creteuchiloglanis is a genus of sisorid catfishes native to Asia.
 Centropyge venustus or the Purple Masked Angelfish is a Marine angelfish from the Western Pacific that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.
 Alaena ferrulineata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern and southern Tanzania. The habitat consists of rocky hillsides in dry thorn country and mountains at altitudes ranging from 1000 to 2000 metres.
 Neafrapus is a genus of swift in the Apodidae family. It contains the following species: Böhm's Spinetail (Neafrapus boehmi) Cassin's Spinetail (Neafrapus cassini)
 Laelia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The purple eagle ray (Myliobatis hamlyni) is a species of fish in the Myliobatidae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Leiostyla ferraria is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.
 Coleophora tremefacta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the coastal regions of South Australia north of Adelaide.
 The Amblyoponinae are a subfamily of ants in the poneromorph subfamilies group containing 13 extant genera and one extinct genus. The ants in this subfamily are mostly specialized subterranean predators.
 Dalaca quadricornis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Argentina.
 The Northern flying squirrel (Glaucomys sabrinus) is one of two species of the genus Glaucomys the only flying squirrels found in North America (the other is the somewhat smaller Southern flying squirrel G. volans). Unlike most members of their family flying squirrels are strictly nocturnal. The Northern flying squirrel is found in coniferous and mixed forests across the top of North America from Alaska to Nova Scotia south to the mountains of North Carolina and west to California.
 Hellinsia serenus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Arizona Utah and California.The wingspan is 23-35 mm. The head is cream-white between the antennae elsewhere more or less brownish. The antennae are white and the palpi are whitish. The thorax and abdomen are pale yellowish the latter with two subdorsal pure white stripes and a slender brown dorsal stripe.
 The four-spotted barb (Barbus quadripunctatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.Its natural habitat is rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 The Black-footed Albatross (Phoebastria nigripes) is a large seabird from the North Pacific of the albatross family Diomedeidae. 97.5% of the population is found on the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. It is one of three species of albatross that range in the northern hemisphere nesting on isolated tropical islands. Unlike many albatrosses it is dark plumaged.
 Dasychira is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
 Austromitra rhodarion is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Gymnobela lanceata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Handleyomys fuscatus also known as the Dusky-footed Handley's Mouse or Dusky-footed Montane Mouse is a species of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. It was previously placed in the genus Aepeomys but it is closely similar to Handleyomys intectus (previously Oryzomys intectus) and accordingly both species were placed in the new genus Handleyomys in 2002. It is found only in Colombia.
 Ischalis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. All species are endemic to New Zealand.
 Chrysallida cancellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of many species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Sparganopseustis geminorum is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Meridolum marshalli is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Bucculatrix ochromeris is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1928. It is found in South Africa.
 Horabagrus nigricollaris is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India. It is also known as the Black Collared Catfish.
 Phyllidiella annulata is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae.
 Eublemma staudingeri is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Eritrea Nigeria South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Anthene afra the Black-edged Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele North Kivu and Lualaba) Rwanda Burundi Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males mud-puddle.
 Aparallactus moeruensis or the Zaire centipede-eater is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family. It is found in the southern Democratic Republic of the Congo which was formerly known as Zaire.
 Ceutholopha petalocosma is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceutholopha. It was described by Meyrick in 1882 and is known from Australia.
 Ischnuridia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Salazaria is a gossamer-winged butterfly genus of tribe Eumaeini in the subfamily Theclinae. As far as is known these butterflies occur in the northern Andean region around Ecuador.It is generally agreed that they represents a distinct lineage worthy of recognition as a full genus. However there is some dispute about whether the name was validly established or is a nomen nudum. The matter has been submitted to the ICZN for discussion.Two named species are placed here.
 The Silver-backed Butcherbird (Cracticus argenteus) is a small shrike-like bird. It is almost identical to the Grey Butcherbird (C. torquatus) of which it considered by some authorities to be a subspecies C. torquatus argenteus.The Silver-backed Butcherbird was first described by ornithologist John Gould in 1836 as Cracticus argenteus.This species is snappy and fearless diving at humans and dogs near the nest.
 The Oak Yellow Underwing (Catocala nymphagoga) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern Europe from Bulgaria up to the Iberian Peninsula and sometimes further north as a migrant. It is also found in North Africa and Asia Minor.The wingspan is 35–43 millimetres (1.4–1.7 in). Adults are on wing from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Eupithecia phaea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mongolia.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The fore- and hindwings are pale whitish grey.
 Myrmecomantis atra common name Ant Mantis is a species of praying mantis that relies upon ant mimicry for protection even as an adult.[citation needed]
 Danuria congica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Danuria.
 Euzophera villora is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by C. Felder R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875 and is known from South Africa Madagascar and Ethiopia.
 Cymothoe mabillei the Western Red Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana (west of the Volta River). The habitat consists of forests.
 The Jambu Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus jambu) is a smallish colourful fruit-dove. It is a resident breeding species in southern Thailand Malaysia Brunei and the Indonesian islands of Kalimantan Sumatra and Java.The Jambu Fruit Dove inhabits mangrove swamps and lowland rain forests up to 1500 m and is also found in second growth woodland. The male holds a breeding territory advertised by raising its wings bobbing its body and cooing.
 The limacoid clade is a taxonomic clade of air-breathing land snails semislugs and slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the informal group Sigmurethra.
 Zellerminia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Taurhina stanley is a beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 Timia nigripes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Rhinoclavis brettinghami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Pale Sun-moth (Synemon selene) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Victoria and South Australia.The wingspan is about 35 mm for males and 47 mm for females. The forewing upperside is predominantly light brown or greyish-brown with small black and white markings and pale fawn or greyish-fawn striations which follow the veins. The hindwing upperside is yellowish-orange with blackish spots and markings and a silvery-grey basal area.
 Pleurogona is an order of tunicates. One of the more invasive species of this order is the stalked (or leathery or solitary) sea squirt Styela clava . Another invasive genus include the chain sea squirts or chain tunicates of the genus Botrylloides and the golden star tunicate Botryllus schlosseri .
 Thomas' small-eared shrew (Cryptotis thomasi) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 Thyrinteina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gastrochaena is a genus of saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs in the family Gastrochaenidae. The type species of this genus is Gastrochaena cuneiformis.
 The Big-scale pomfret Taractichthys longipinnis is a species of pomfret found in the Atlantic ocean at depths down to 500 metres (1600 ft). This species reaches a length of up to 100 centimetres (39 in) SL. This species is of minor importance to the commercial fisheries industry.From Ireland there are only two records of this fish. The last being from Co. Wicklow.
 Batoteuthis skolops the bush-club squid is the single rare species in genus Batoteuthis which is the only genus in family Batoteuthidae. The squid is found in Antarctic waters and reaches a mantle length of at least 350 mm. Some features of this creature are a small head a long tail and a very peculiar tentacle with six series of suckers on the club.
 Lopharcha quinquestriata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Java.
 Ceretes is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Schaufuss in 1870.
 The snakelocks anemone (Anemonia viridis) is a sea anemone found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean to the Mediterranean Sea.The tentacles of anemones in deep or murky water can be a grey colour but are otherwise usually a deep green colour with purple tips due to the presence of symbiotic algae within the tentacles that use sunlight as an energy source. Since the anemones benefit from this. they prefer brightly lit shallow waters. On average the snakelock anemone is 8 cm wide.
 Heliaea mirabilis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliaea of the family Tachinidae.
 Rhinocypha ogasawarensis is a species of damselfly in family Chlorocyphidae. It is endemic to Japan.
 Spilarctia kareli is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1993. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Caecilia is a genus of amphibians in the family Caeciliidae.
 Anthidium eremicum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Pellucens is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The little golden-mantled flying fox (Pteropus pumilus) is a species of bat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Indonesia and the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by hunting and habitat loss.
 Leiopus syriacus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Ganglbauer in 1884 and is known from Syria Turkey and Lebanon. The beetles inhabit deciduous trees including the walnut species Juglans regia. They measure 6-8 millimetres in length and can live for approximately 2 years.
 Pracetus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Eupithecia levata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Yunnan).The wingspan is about 20 mm. The fore- and hindwings are pale brown.
 Kneria rukwaensis is a species of fish in the Kneriidae family endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Hyaloplaga is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Antipodocottus is a genus of sculpins native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Anomphax is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Modiolarca impacta is a species of saltwater clam a mussel a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae the mussels.
 Pterygia crenulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Green Rosella or Tasmanian Rosella (Platycercus caledonicus) is endemic to Tasmania and Bass Strait islands. At 37 cm (14.5 in) long it is the largest species of the Rosella genus. The male and female are generally similar in plumage being predominantly black green and yellow in colour with a red band above the beak and blue cheeks; however some females have red-orange colouration on the front of their necks.
 Euriphene anaxibia the Helios Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Paracheilinus is a genus of wrasses commonly known as flasher wrasses native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Cameraria leucothorax is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California and Oregon).The wingspan is about 8.5 mm.The larvae feed on Lithocarpus densiflorus Quercus chrysolepis and Quercus densiflora var. echinoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the underside of the leaf.
 Stegastes sanctaehelenae is a species of fish in the Pomacentridae family. It is endemic to Saint Helena.
 Cycloctenidae is a spider family with 36 described species in 5 genera. The genera Plectophanes (5 spp.) Toxopsiella (12 spp.) and Uzakia (1 sp.) are all endemic to New Zealand Cycloctenus is found in both Australia (7 spp.) and New Zealand (10 spp.) while Galliena (1 sp.) is endemic to Java. The placements of Galliena Plectophanes and Uzakia in Cycloctenidae are tentative only.
 Bradyfallotaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Ceratrichia semilutea the Tufted Forest Sylph is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda north-western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.Adults have been recorded feeding from low growing flowers.
 Leucophotis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Hypselodoris andersoni is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. It is possibly synonymous with Chromodoris peasei (Bergh 1880). Known for a long time as Hypselodoris peasei this species was reclassified in 1989.
 Microhyla petrigena is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyposmocoma straminella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kona where it was collected on an altitude between 3500 and 4000 feet.
 Hypsopygia roseotincta is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1917. It is found in South Africa.
 Metarctia fuliginosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1953. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Cochylis argentinana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern Argentina and Brazil (Paraná Goias).
 Rasbora cephalotaenia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Atrophaneura dixoni is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found in northern and central Sulawesi. The wingspan is 130–150 mm. The wings are black. The underside of the hind wings have red patches which are more numerous in females than males. The wing veins are bordered in white.
 The São Tomé shrew (Crocidura thomensis) is a white-toothed shrew approximately three inches long found only on São Tomé Island São Tomé and Príncipe. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range. It was discovered in 1886. The population continues to decrease making these animals rare. It is found only on São Tomé Island a small island that is actually a shield volcano that rises out of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Aythya is a genus of diving ducks. It has twelve described species. The name Aythya comes from the Ancient Greek word aithuia which may have referred to a sea-dwelling duck or an auklet.Aythya shihuibas was described from the Late Miocene of China.
 The Grey-headed Chachalaca (Ortalis cinereiceps) is a member of an ancient group of birds of the Cracidae family which are related to the Australasian mound builders. It breeds in lowlands from eastern Honduras to northwestern Colombia (from South Chocó to the upper Atrato) at up to 1100 m altitude.The Grey-headed Chachalaca is an arboreal species found in thickets with emergent trees. The broad shallow nest is built of twigs and vines 1–3 m up in a tree often partially screened by vines.
 Phytomia is a genus of at least 15 species of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera found in tropical Africa and Asia.
 Isthmohyla lancasteri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers pastureland plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Allocera bicarinatum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Monné in 1998.
 Aylacostoma stigmaticum is a species of freshwater snail aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Thiaridae. This species is extinct in the wild and it was found in Argentina and Paraguay.
 Oporophylla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Curwen's Bay Barb (c.1690-c.1728) was a foundation sire of the Thoroughbred breed. A bay horse with a white blaze he was imported by Henry Curwen in 1698 from France. He had originally been a present to Louis XIV from the King of Morocco. One of his early sons Mixbury stood just over 13 hands high and apparently there were not more that two horses of his day that could beat him under light wrights.
 The leek moth or onion leaf miner (Acrolepiopsis assectella) is a species of moths of family Acrolepiidae genus Acrolepiopsis a pest of leek crops. The species is found in Europe and Siberia. It was also recorded from Hawaii but this was a misidentification of Acrolepiopsis sapporensis.The wingspan is about 12 mm.The larvae feed on Allium cepa Allium cepa var. aggregatum Allium fistulosum Allium montanum and Allium porrum. They mine the leaves or bulbs of their host plants.
 Ptychoglene erythrophora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Mexico.
 Lygephila colorata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in north-western Pakistan.Adults differ from externally similar Lygephila amasina by the more elongated forewing with a pointed apex.
 Epipleoneura is a genus of Neotropic damselflies in the Protoneuridae family.
 Craugastor matudai is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Actinoporus elegans commonly known as the Elegant Anemone or the Brown-striped Anemone is a species of sea anemone in the family Aurelianidae. This species may exhibit a high degree of colour variability from blue to white to nearly transparent.The column is smooth and textured near the top and bottom growing to a maximum of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) in height and with a diameter of about 5 centimetres (2.0 in).
 Macroglossum nigellum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia (including Java and Sulawesi).
 Correbidia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Tamoya gargantua commonly known as the Warty sea wasp is a venomous jellyfish in the genus Tamoya. Its tentacle height is 22 cm and the width of the bell is 13 cm. It is found on the shores of Eastern Africa Samoa and some of the islands in the Indian Ocean. They can be found in bays in those areas.
 Euphaedra cooksoni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba) Tanzania and Zambia.
 Pseudokerremansia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Pseudokerremansia arcuata (Peringuey 1908) Pseudokerremansia zuluensis Bellamy 2008↑
 Vestia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 Bucculatrix chrysanthemella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Rebel in 1896. It is found on the Canary Islands. The species is introduced in France Italy Great Britain and Finland.The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Argyranthemum frutescens Argyranthemum teneriffae and Gonospermum fruticosum. They mine the leaves of their host plant.The mine starts as a long gallery with a black central frass line.
 Mosasauroidea is an extinct superfamily of Late Cretaceous lizards that includes the highly marine mosasaurs and their relatives the aigialosaurs.
 Bombiciella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Manulea hunanica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Fujian Hunan Guangdong).
 Doros is a genus of hoverflies. They are large slender flies that mimic solitary wasp in slow flight. They have very limited flight period.
 Loryma daganialis is a species of moth in the family Pyralidae. It was described by Amsel in 1956. It is found in Jordan.
 The Pied Falconet Fauconnet Noir-et-blanc or Falconete Pío (Microhierax melanoleucos) is a species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China Hong Kong India Laos and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Meiacanthus reticulatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean. This species grows to a length of 6.3 centimetres (2.5 in) SL or from the tip of the snout to the posterior end of the last vertebra.
 The Rennell White-eye or Bare-ringed White-eye (Zosterops rennellianus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to Rennell Island in the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Mirosternus simplex is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Silurus is a genus of sheatfishes native to Europe and Asia.
 Erpis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863.
 Paralomis is a genus of king crabs. It includes the following species:
 Acalyptris punctulata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 4.5-5.5 mm. The larvae feed on Ceanothus cuneatus and Rhamnus californica. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is a serpentine track often bent back on itself and indistinct in its early stages on the thick-leaved Ceanothus. It is pale green with broad black line of frass on the Rhamnus leaves. The cocoon is reddish brown or grayish.
 Momotus is a small genus of the motmots a family of near passerine birds found in forest and woodland of the Neotropics. They have a colourful plumage which is green on the back becoming blue on the flight feathers and the long tails. The barbs near the ends of the two longest central tail feathers fall off leaving a length of bare shaft so that tails appear racket-shaped. Momotus species like other motmots eat small prey such as insects and lizards and will also take fruit.
 Macarostola zehntneri is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Maharashtra) Indonesia (Java) and Malaysia.It has a wingspan of 10mm.The larvae feed on Eugenia aquea Eugenia cumini and Eugenia jambolana. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The American Pygmy Kingfisher (Chloroceryle aenea) is a resident breeding bird which occurs in the American tropics from southern Mexico south through Central America to western Ecuador and then around the northern Andes cordillera in the east to central Bolivia and central Brazil. The species occupies the entire Amazon Basin and the Tocantins River drainage adjacent in Pará state Brazil.
 Rhabdotis allardi is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Asellota is a suborder of isopod crustaceans found in marine and freshwater environments. Roughly one-quarter of all marine isopods belong to this suborder. Members of this suborder are readily distinguished from other isopods by their complex copulatory apparatus.
 Signigobius biocellatus the Twin-spot Goby or Crab-eyed Goby is a species of goby native to the Western Pacific Ocean where they can be found in areas of sand or silt in lagoons or coastal bays with nearby cover provided by such as rubble coral or leaf litter. They can be found at depths of from 1 to 30 metres (3.3 to 98.4 ft). This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Antaresia perthensis is a species of snake found in western Australia. Their common names pygmy python and anthill python refer to the fact that they are the smallest member of the Pythonidae family and are often found in termite mounds. The specific epithet is derived from the state capital Perth despite the fact that this place is not within the range of the species. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Rhombodera palawanensis is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera. It is native to Asia.
 Goniographa marcida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found endemic to the Kopet-Dagh mountain system in Turkmenistan and Iran.The wingspan is 27-35 mm.
 The Mochokidae are a family of catfishes (order Siluriformes) that are known as the squeakers and upside-down catfish. There are nine genera and about 200 species of mochokids. All the mochokids are freshwater species originating from Africa.They have three pairs of barbels with the nasal barbels absent; sometimes the mandibular barbels may be branched. The lips are modified into a suckermouth in Atopochilus Chiloglanis and Euchilichthys. The adipose fin is usually very long.
 Trematolestes is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Lower Keuper (Ladinian Middle Triassic) of southern Germany. It was first named by Rainer R. Schoch in 2006 and the type species is Trematolestes hagdorni. It is the first trematosaurid represented by a nearly complete skeleton. Below is a cladogram showing the phylogenetic position of Trematolestes from Schoch (2006):
 Melanella amblytera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Pleistodontes nitens is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus crassipes the fig species it pollinates.
 The New World porcupines family Erethizontidae are large arboreal rodents distinguished by their spiny coverings from which they take their name. They inhabit forests and wooded regions across North America and into northern South America. Although both the New World and Old World porcupine families belong to the Hystricognathi branch of the vast order Rodentia they are quite different and are not closely related.
 Coleophora polichomriensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Atopochilus christyi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It occurs in the Ituri Itimbri and Kasai Rivers as well as the Kinsuka Rapids and Boyoma Falls. This species grows to a length of 9.5 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.
 Hertleinia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Protemblemaria is a genus of chaenopsid blennies found in the eastern Pacific and western Atlantic oceans.
 Gerandibis is an extinct genus of ibis known from fossil remains from early Miocene (Aquitanian) beds in France. It contains a single species Gerandibis pagana which was originally described by Milne-Edwards in 1868 as Ibis pagana. Richard Sharpe classified it in the genus Eudocimus but Storrs L. Olson placed it in the genus Plegadis due to anatomical similarities closer to that genus.
 Mordellistena cypria is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1963 by Ermisch.
 Metaloba nana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Colombia.
 Prosopea is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Austrodaphnella alcestis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Leucotelia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.Type species: Leucotelia ochreoplagata
 Stictonaclia reducta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1878. It is found in Madagascar.
 Onega stepanovi is a fossil organism from Ediacaran deposites of the Arkhangelsk Region Russia. It was described by Mikhail A. Fedonkin in 1976
 Manduca bergi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.The wingspan is about 83 mm. The body and wings are greyish creamy buff dusted with brown and ochreous scales. The head and thorax are without markings but there are small black lateral patches on the abdomen. The underside of both wings is slightly pinkish. The forewing underside is much more shaded with brown than the upperside.
 Lyces ignorata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is probably endemic to Colombia.
 Velesunio ambiguous common name The Flood Plain Mussel is a species of freshwater bivalve in the Hyriidae family.There are four other cryptic species in the genus Velesunio (which all look similar to Velesunio ambiguous) in Australia.
 Amata elongimacula is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found on Borneo (Pulo Laut).
 Imperturbatia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Acrolophus forbesi is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Hasbrouck in 1964. It is found in North America including Alabama Florida Georgia Louisiana Mississippi South Carolina and Texas.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Perigomphus pallidistylus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Porpax is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae. The five species in the genus are all endemic to tropical Africa:Porpax asperipes Karsch 1896Porpax risi Pinhey 1958Porpax garambensis Pinhey 1966Porpax bipunctus Pinhey 1966Porpax sentipes Dijkstra 2006↑
 Eupithecia depressa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shansi).
 Philotes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. Philotes is a monotypic genus containing only Philotes sonorensis the Sonoran Blue or Stonecrop Blue found in California Colorado and northern Mexico. The habitat consists of rocky washes outcrops and cliffs in deserts.The wingspan is 22–25 mm. The upperside is silvery blue with red spots at the outer margin of the forewings. The hindwing of females also have red spots.
 Dancethruthedawn (foaled (1998-03-06)March 6 1998 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse sired by leading United States stallion Mr. Prospector from Dance Smartly a Canadian Triple Crown Champion mare and inductee of the Canadian and U.S. Racing Hall of Fame.The 2001 winner of the Queen's Plate Canada's most prestigious race Dancethruthedawn was forced to retire in October 2002 following a leg fracture suffered while competing in the Spinster Stakes.
 Fuesslinia amoena is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Fuesslinia.
 Reticutriton lineatus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The mottled twister Bellapiscis lesleyae is a triplefin of the family Tripterygiidae commonly found around the coast of New Zealand in rock pools and down to depths of about 5 m in reef areas of broken rock. It length is up to 6 cm.
 Nesopupa plicifera is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Oboronia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Triphysa nervosa is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in northern Transuralia the mountains of southern Siberia eastern Siberia Amurland the Russian Far East Korea northern and north-eastern China and Mongolia.The wingspan is 15-18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June or June to July in the mountains.The larvae feed on Carex species.
 Vallonia costata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
 Eupithecia indefinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Cerithidium is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.The genus has been used as valid for Indo-Pacific species following Hasegawa (1998) on the grounds that it is older than Clathrofenella Kuroda & Habe 1952. However the Mediterranean type species is a Bittium for which reason this generic assignment should be revised. The opinion of Hasegawa (1998) and van Aartsen (2006) is followed here
 →The pale toadfish (Ambophthalmos angustus previously classified as Neophrynichthys angustus) is a fathead of the family Psychrolutidae found on the continental shelf around New Zealand between 250 and 1000 metres. It is up to 30 cm long.
 Cyana alborosea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in China (Hong Kong) India (Sikkim Assam) Bhutan Burma and on Java.
 The Cerulean Kingfisher (Alcedo coerulescens) is a near passerine bird in the kingfisher (Alcedo) genus which is found in parts of Indonesia. With an overall metallic blue impression it is very similar to the Common Kingfisher but it is white underneath instead of orange.This species is sometimes called the Small Blue Kingfisher but in Indonesia and parts of Asia that name refers to Alcedo atthis (Common Kingfisher).
 Echinolittorina ziczac previously known as Littorina ziczac common name the zebra periwinkle is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae.This species lives in the tropical Western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Barbados including the Caribbean coast of Central America. It is very common on intertidal rocks.
 Chasmatopora is an extinct bryozoan which existed in what is now Mongolia China Estonia Russia Poland Argentina the United States and Canada. It was described by Alcide d'Orbigny in 1849 and the type species is Chasmatopora tenella which was originally described as a species of Retepora by Eichwald in 1842.
 Anthene arnoldi Arnold’s Hairtail is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of savanna woodland.Adults are on wing in summer. Adults are most commonly encountered in September and October.
 Odontartemon is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.Odontartemon is the type genus of the subfamily Odontartemoninae.
 Erepta setiliris is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae. This species is endemic to Réunion Island.
 Paragoniaeola tanycephala is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragoniaeola of the family Ulidiidae.
 Musschenbroek's Spiny Rat (Maxomys musschenbroekii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Synanthedon beutenmuelleri is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Republic of Congo.
 Odostomia becki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eleutherodactylus mariposa is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Blanding's turtle (Emys blandingii or Emydoidea blandingii ) is a semi-aquatic turtle of the family Emydidae. This North American turtle is considered to be an endangered species throughout much of its range.
 The Black-necked Wattle-eye (Platysteira chalybea) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dolbina inexacta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Pakistan northern and central India and Nepal across Myanmar southern China northern Thailand and northern Vietnam to Taiwan.The wingspan is 55–86 mm. The thorax legs and wings undersides are brown. There are large black mesial patches on the abdomen underside.
 Euphaedra eberti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and Uganda.
 Bathybela tenelluna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hypsopygia proboscidalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Strand in 1919. It is found in Taiwan.
 Metopoceras albarracina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Sierra de Albarracín Aragon Spain.Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on herbaceous species.
 Latiaxis pilsbryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Juxtarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae endemic for Himalayas. It contains one species: Juxtarctia multiguttata (F. Walker 1855).
 Anisopodus macropus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Bates in 1863.
 Anisoneura salebrosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan Thailand Vietnam Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia Borneo Sulawesi the north-eastern part of the Himalaya (Nepal and India) Bangladesh China Japan and the Philippines.
 Liomys is a genus of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It contains the following species: Panamanian spiny pocket mouse (Liomys adspersus) Mexican spiny pocket mouse (Liomys irroratus) Painted spiny pocket mouse (Liomys pictus) Salvin's spiny pocket mouse (Liomys salvini) Jaliscan spiny pocket mouse (Liomys spectabilis)
 Sabatinca ianthina is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Philpott in 1921. It is known from New Zealand.Adults were found on a rocky slope covered with various species of mosses and liverworts. They were resting on Gahnia species although it seems it does not have any closer affinities to that plant.
 Tragidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tragidion agave Swift & Ray 2008 Tragidion annulatum LeConte 1858 Tragidion armatum LeConte 1858 Tragidion auripenne Casey 1893 Tragidion bicolor Bates 1885 Tragidion carinatum Thomson 1860 Tragidion coquus (Linnaeus 1758) Tragidion deceptum Swift & Ray 2008 Tragidion densiventre Casey 1912 Tragidion dichromaticum Linsley 1957 Tragidion gracilipes Linsley 1940↑
 Summerly (foaled March 31 2002 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Grade 1 Kentucky Oaks in 2005. She was sired by 1990 Preakness Stakes winner Summer Squall and out of the Mr. Prospector mare Here I Go.Summerly raced from age two through age four and was then retired. She was sold at the November 2006 Fasig-Tipton broodmare sale for $3.3 million to WinStar Farm of Versailles Kentucky.
 Servaea vestita is a species of jumping spider from Australia.
 Calponia harrisonfordi is a species of spider discovered in 1993 by the arachnologist Norman I. Platnick and named after the film actor Harrison Ford to thank him for narrating a documentary for the Natural History Museum in London. It is the only species of the genus Calponia and is one of the most primitive members of the Caponiidae family.C. harrisonfordi is found in California in the United States. Unlike most members of its family C.
 Mordella iridea is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1917.
 Bulinus hightoni is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.
 Phymatodes blandus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by LeConte in 1859.
 Mesodica aggerata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found on Java.
 The sea mink (Neovison macrodon) is an extinct North American member of the family Mustelidae. It is the only mustelid and one of only two terrestrial mammal species in the order Carnivora to become extinct in historic times (along with the Falkland Islands wolf). The body of the sea mink was significantly longer than that of the closely related American mink (N. vison) and also bulkier leading to a pelt that was almost twice the size of the other species.
 Celaenorrhinus chrysoglossa the Central Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Chaerephon is a genus of Old World free-tail bats in the family Molossidae.
 Urophora emphanes is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The Aurora Flatbody Moth (Semioscopis aurorella) is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Dyar in 1902. It is found from north-central Alberta to south-eastern Ontario south into the United States between south-central New York and Wisconsin.The length of the forewings is 11-14 mm. The colouration of the forewings is variable and ranges from yellow-gray to pale yellow-white.
 Eupithecia turlini is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Rwanda.
 Brachodes laeta is a moth of the Brachodidae family. It is found in France and Spain.The wingspan is 22–28 mm. The wings of the males are straw yellow while females have a dark ground colour with yellow markings.
 The big red bat (Lasiurus egregius) is a bat species from South North and Central America. It is found in Brazil and Panama.
 Omphalotropis submaritima is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Papilio erostratus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Guatemala Costa Rica Belize and Mexico.
 Grand Comoro day gecko (Phelsuma v-nigra comoraegrandensis Meier 1986) is a small diurnal subspecies of geckos. It lives in the Comoros and typically inhabits trees and bushes. The Grand Comoro day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 The Shortridge's free-tailed bat (Chaerephon shortridgei) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is usually found in Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Selenochlamys is a genus of predatory air-breathing land slugs shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Trigonochlamydidae.
 Uropterygius makatei is a moray eel found in surge-exposed inshore coral reefs around New Caledonia and Polynesia. It was first named by Gosline in 1958.
 Cathayia lineata is a species of snout moth in the genus Cathayia. It was described by Turner in 1942 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 Triops newberryi is a species of Triops found on the western coast of North America commonly in valleys throughout the states of Washington Oregon California and small areas of Nevada Utah New Mexico and Mexico with at least one disjunct population in Kansas. They are found in vast numbers though in the Coachella Valley in California. T. newberryi has been reported to have potential as a biocontrol agent for larval mosquitoes breeding in seasonally-flooded habitats. T.
 Dromomeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla of the family Palaeomerycidae endemic to North America.
 Mordellistena manteroi is a species of beetles is the Mordellidae family.
 Cantharis livida is a species of soldier beetle belonging to the genus Cantharis family Cantharidae.
 Actinote thalia is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758. It is found in most of South America.The larvae feed on Mikania species Eupatorium odoratum and Chromolaena odoratum.
 Phyllonorycter luzonica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Philippines (Luzon).The wingspan is 4.2-4.7 mm.The larvae feed on Celtis species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform blotch-mine occurring on the lower side of the leaf usually on the space between lateral veins or sometimes along the leaf margin. It is oblong and 1.5 to 2 mm long and has a contracted lower epidermis with two or three longitudinal wrinkles.
 Ghentia is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 Potthastia pastoris is a non-biting midge species in the genus Potthastia.
 The marine otter Lontra felina is a rare and poorly known South American mammal of the weasel family (Mustelidae). The scientific name means otter cat and in Spanish the marine otter is also often referred to as gato marino: marine cat. The marine otter spends much of its time out of the water and rarely ventures into freshwater or estuarine habitats unlike the almost fully aquatic sea otter (Enhydra lutris) of the northeast Pacific and most other otter species.
 The Powdery Green Sapphire (Heliophorus tamu) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Lasionycta staudingeri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It can be found from Oppland to Finland and Norway in Europe. Outside of Europe it is found in Russia Siberia and North America.The species is diurnal and flies over dry scree tundra.The wingspan is 21–27 mm. The moths fly from June to July.The larvae feed on Taraxacum and Empetrum species.
 Aplexa is a genus of small left-handed or sinistral air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Physidae.
 Acrocercops enchlamyda is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Pogonomyrmex californicus is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is native to North America where it occurs in the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. It is best known as the ant that is sent out for Uncle Milton's Ant Farm.
 Our Boots (foaled 1938) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He won a Daily Racing Form poll to voted the 1940 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt. The rival Turf & Sports Digest poll was topped by Whirlaway. He was sired by Bull Dog the 1943 Leading sire in North America and out of the English-born mare Maid of Arches.Our Boots was owned and raced by the of Woodvale Farm of Royce G. Martin who bought him at the Saratoga Sales for a mere $3500. He was trained by Steve Judge.
 Mahura is a spider genus in the family Agelenidae.
 Coleophora gallurella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on Sardinia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Echium italicum.
 Homalopteroides is a genus of hillstream loaches native to Southeast Asia.
 Mordellistena poecila is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1949.
 Gnaphosa taurica is a ground spider species found from Bulgaria to China.
 Ochridaspongia rotunda is sponge endemic to Lake Ohrid. This sponge is found mostly at depths of 30-50 m and water temperatures of 6-8°C. Its circular shape indicates the animal lives under conditions of relatively calm water.
 Melanella is a genus of very small ectparasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 The garden eels are the subfamily Heterocongrinae in the conger eel family Congridae. The majority of garden eels live in the Indo-Pacific but there are also species in warmer parts of the Atlantic Ocean (including the Caribbean) and East Pacific. These small eels live in burrows on the sea floor and get their name from their practice of poking their heads from their burrows while most of their bodies remain hidden.
 Siamese Leaf-toed Gecko Dixonius siamensis is a species of gecko found in South Asia. This is the type species of the genus Dixonius named after James R. Dixon from Texas A&M University.
 Macroglossum sulai is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.
 Luidia magnifica the magnificent star is a species of starfish in the family Luidiidae. It is found in the Pacific Ocean.
 The Zacatecan deer mouse or southern rock deermouse (Peromyscus difficilis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in Mexico and is not considered endangered.
 Star Shoot (1898- November 19 1919) was a Thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Ireland raced in the United Kingdom and was eventually imported to the United States to become a five-time leading sire in the early 1900s. He was a white stockinged chestnut colt sired by the great British 1893 Triple Crown winner Isinglass out of the Hermit bred mare Astrology.
 Albula is a genus of fish belonging to the bonefish family Albulidae.
 Zelogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Liptena overlaeti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Brachistosternus is a scorpion genus in the Bothriuridae family. B. ehrenbergii is the most cited species in the genus. Brachistosternus is composed of 16 species grouped into 3 subgenera spread out over Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Paraguay and Peru.
 The Clouded Magpie (Abraxas sylvata) is a moth of the family Geometridae that was named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in 1763.
 Mordella nigra is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1863.
 The African Firefinch (Lagonosticta rubricata) also called the Blue-billed Firefinch due to the color of its bill([1]) is a common species of estrildid finch found in almost all parts of Africa.
 Calliotropis stellaris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Polypoetes subcandidata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Alloclita brachygrapta is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in the Egypt (the Sinai Peninsula). The species was described on the basis of two males in the collection of the Natural History Museum in London.The wingspan is 11-12 mm. Adults have been recorded in September.
 The Grey-hooded Parrotbill (Sinosuthora zappeyi) is a species of parrotbill in the Sylviidae family.It is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eriopsela is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Asteroceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. Asteroceras fossils may be found at Lyme Regis in the Asteroceras obtusum zone of Upper Sinemurian age.
 Sizing Europe (24 March 2002) is a Irish National Hunt horse best known for winning the 2011 Queen Mother Champion Chase at Cheltenham. He won the Irish Champion Hurdle in 2008 before switching to chasing where he has won six Grade 1s over fences.
 The Kirby's Tiger (Parantica kirbyi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.The name honours William Forsell Kirby.
 Saturnia is a genus of moths in the family Saturniidae. They are large moths commonly called emperor moths though this is also used for various close relatives in subfamily Saturniinae. Most are Palearctic but three species (S. mendocino S. walterorum and S. albofasciata commonly known as saturnia moths) occur in the chaparral of California.
 Coenipeta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.Species include: Coenipeta bibitrix Hübner 1823 Coenipeta colliquens Hübner 1818 Coenipeta medina Guenée 1852
 Eupithecia balintzsolti is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal Laos and Thailand.
 Helicostyla smargadina is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is endemic to the Philippines.
 Helina obscurata is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 Neoduma plagosus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.The length of the forewings 10 mm. The forewings are creamy white with a yellow costa. The basal half of the wings is edged with black and there are two olive-grey antemedian patches as well as one on the termen. The hindwings are buff.
 Gastrotheca ruizi is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Junonia stygia the Brown Pansy Dark Pansy or Aurivillius’ Brown Pansy is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Scarlet badis (Dario dario) is a tropical freshwater fish and one of the smallest known percoid fish species. It is a micropredator feeding on small aquatic crustaceans worms insect larvae and other zooplankton. It is sold under a variety of names (Badis badis bengalensis B. bengalensis) in the aquarium trade.
 Felis margarita margarita is a subspecies of the Sand Cat. Felis margarita margarita is listed under ‘near extinction’ meaning they are currently not extinct but without monitoring can become extinct. The sand cat is not a good climber or jumper but they are good diggers’.Being nocturnal felis margarita margarita avoids direct sun to reduce the wear caused by the extreme temperatures that are found in deserts.
 The Cyclopoida are an order of small crustaceans from the subclass Copepoda. Like many other copepods members of Cyclopoida are small planktonic animals living both in the sea and in freshwater habitats. They are capable of rapid movement.
 The Mayr's Swiftlet (Aerodramus orientalis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
 Duftonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now England. It was described by Dean in 1959 and the type species is Duftonia lacunosa. The type locality was the Dufton Shale Formation from which the generic name was derived.
 Pseudohadena pseudamoena is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Armenia and Iran.
 Tabanus bromius sometimes called the band-eyed brown horsefly is a species of biting horseflies.
 Agrolitha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Colares stingray Dasyatis colarensis is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae native to the shallow brackish waters of the Amazon River estuary in northern Brazil. This species inhabits inshore bays during the dry season and moves away from the coast in the rainy season. It is characterized by a rhomboid pectoral fin disk elongated snout and a dark band on the lower lip.
 Temesa is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the family Clausiliidae the door snails. The fossil record of this genus ranges tentatively from the Brazilian Paleocene of the Itaboraí Basin in Rio de Janeiro State where the species T. magalhaesi is found.
 Euminucia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Callisthenia costilobata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Gardner's Spiny-rat Proechimys gardneri is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.
 Staurocumites is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Europe during the Triassic and Jurassic periods. The type species is Staurocumites bartensteini.
 The family Chrysomelidae commonly known as leaf beetles includes over 35000 species in more than 2500 genera making it one of the largest and most commonly encountered of all beetle families. Numerous subfamilies are recognized but only some of them are listed below.Leaf beetles are partially recognizable by their tarsal formula which appears to be 4-4-4 but is actually 5-5-5.
 Lithophasia quadrivirgula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Morocco to Egypt Israel Jordan and Iraq.Adults are on wing from November to February. There is probably one generation per year.
 Mordellistena claggi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1936 by Ray.
 Costoanachis semiplicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Iolaus gemmarius the Small Jewel Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Raymordella is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Raymordella xanthosoma Franciscolo 1967↑
 The green frog (Lithobates clamitans) is a species of frog native to the eastern half of the United States and Canada. The two subspecies are the bronze frog and the northern green frog.
 Scopula luxipuncta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Belgrandiella is a genus of minute freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The Oak Hook-tip (Watsonalla binaria) is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is sometimes placed in the genus Watsonalla. It is found in most of Europe except the far north. It is quite common in England and Wales but not found in Scotland and only recently in Ireland.The sexes differ in size (male wingspan about 30 mm female about 35 mm) but are similar in colour.
 Batrachiderpeton is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Keraterpetontidae.
 Orangefin Shiner (Notropis ammophilus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Semnocera is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 The Green Catbird (Ailuroedus crassirostris) is a species of bowerbird found in subtropical forests along the east coast of Australia from southeastern Queensland to southern New South Wales. It is named for its distinctive call which sounds like a cat meowing although it has also been mistaken for a crying child. The Green Catbird is extremely similar to the Spotted Catbird which is only found in an isolated population in Far North Queensland.
 The Calabozoidae are a family of isopod crustaceans placed in its own order Calabozoida or Calabozoidea. It comprises two genera Calabazoa and Pongycarcina.
 Lophocampa modesta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kirby in 1892. It is found in Costa Rica Panama Surinam Ecuador Bolivia Peru and Venezuela.
 Apithecia viridata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India Bhutan China and Taiwan.
 Blepharomima is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Nicobar flying fox (Pteropus faunulus) is a species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to India. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss due to forest clearing.
 The Baird's Sandpiper (Calidris bairdii) is a small shorebird. It is among those calidrids sometimes separated in Erolia.Adults have black legs and a short thin dark bill. They are dark brown on top and mainly white underneath with a black patch on the rump. The head and breast are light brown with dark streaks. In winter plumage this species is paler brownish gray above.
 Ariosoma meeki is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan and John Otterbein Snyder in 1900 originally under the genus Congrellus. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from Japan and the Peng-hu Islands in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males are known to reach a maximum total length of 53 centimetres.
 Nannopsittaca is a genus of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It contains the following species: Tepui Parrotlet (Nannopsittaca panychlora) Manu Parrotlet (Nannopsittaca dachilleae)
 Zelippistes benhami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Bernardini (foaled March 23 2003) is a thoroughbred race horse at Darley Stable in Kentucky.
 The Vitelline Masked Weaver (Ploceus vitellinus) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Kenya Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Somalia Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.
 Onoba semicostata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Mordellistena mariginiloba is a species of beetles in the Mordellidae family.
 Notarctia arizoniensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1874. It is found from the south-western United States to Colombia. In the United States it has been recorded from California east to western Texas and north to western Colorado and western Wyoming. The habitat consists of wet meadows found in lowland desert regions.The length of the forewings is 16-22 mm. The forewings are black with wide yellow transverse and longitudinal lines.
 Primovula santacarolinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The northern redbelly dace Chrosomus eos or Phoxinus eos is a freshwater cyprinid fish generally found in lakes and small streams in the northeastern United States and eastern Canada. It is one of fouty-four species from the minnow and carp family of Cyprinidae in these areas.
 Baliochila confusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya. The habitat consists of forests and woodland.Adults are on wing in October.
 Taeniotes is a genus of flat-faced longhorns beetles belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily.
 Tarachodes saussurei is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Tinea trinotella is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae) and therein to the nominate subfamily Tineinae. It was once used as type species of a distinct genus Acedes but this is synonymized today with Tinea the type genus of Tineinae Tineidae and the superfamily Tineoidea.
 Searching was a racehorse. Searching was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1978 five years after her death.The filly was born in 1952 at Claiborne Farm near Paris Kentucky where the Wheatley Stable (founded in 1926 by Gladys Mills Phipps and her brother Ogden L. Mills) bred and raised its horses. After the Second World War Gladys's son Ogden Phipps purchased a number of horses from the estate of Colonel Edward R. Bradley and his Idle Hour Stock Farm.
 Nettenchelys is a genus of eels in the duckbill eel family Nettastomatidae.
 The Myxobolidae are a family of myxosporean parasites which typically infect freshwater fishes and includes the economically significant species Myxobolus cerebralis. They have been shown to have a complex life cycle involving an alternate stage in an invertebrate typically an annelid or polychaete worm.
 Bathycrinicola media is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 White skate may also refer to Rostroraja alba.The Pacific white skate (Bathyraja spinosissima) is a species of skate family Rajidae. It is one of the deepest-living of all skates occurring at a depth of 800 to 2938 m on the continental slope. It is native to the southeast Pacific Ocean from the Galapagos Islands to off Waldport Oregon; an egg case and embryo has been collected from the Farallon Islands off San Francisco.
 Phyllomacromia flavimitella is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is found in Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Uganda and possibly the Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Palleon nasus commonly known as the elongate leaf chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It was initially described by Boulenger in 1887. The species contains two subspecies P. n. nasus and P. n. pauliani.
 The Miller's Striped Mouse or Liberian Forest Hybomys (Hybomys planifrons) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Conus virgatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mordellistena pygmaeola is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1956.
 Fodinoidea is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It is strictly endemic for Madagascar.
 Lascelina papillina is a species of snout moths in the genus Lascelina. It was described by Neunzig and Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica.
 Phyllonorycter bascanaula is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java).The larvae feed on Mucuna pruriens. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Lagocephalus is a genus of pufferfishes.
 The Garden Dart (Euxoa nigricans) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe.This is a rather drab species forewings ranging from pale to dark brown with indistinct markings. The hindwings are white with a grey fringe. The wingspan is 32–40 mm. This moth flies at night in July and August and is attracted to light and many different flowers.The larva is green or brown with two white stripes down each side. It feeds on a range of plants (see list below).
 Orphanostigma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Neochlamisus bebbianae is a species in the leaf beetle genus Neochlamisus.
 Hoeloceras is an extinct orthoconic nautiloid cephalopod from the upper Ordovician generally included in the Actinocerida.Nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a couple of genera Nautilus and Allonautilus.Hoeloceras which has a straight shell with a broadly curved to almost flattened venter on the underside and a more highly arched dorsum on the upper meeting acutely on either side was named by Walter Sweet in 1958 (Chen & Liu 1977 Teichert 1964) who first recognized it in Ordovician sediments near Oslo Norway and included it in the Actinocerida.Teichert (1964) identified Hoeloceras as a synonym of Lambeoceras as the acutely angled dorso-ventral seam suggests. 
 D'Anchieta's fruit bat (Plerotes anchietae) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae. It is the only species in the genus Plerotes.[citation needed] It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi and Zambia where it lives in subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna and moist savanna. It is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
 Anystipalpus is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
 The Bronzy Hermit (Glaucis aeneus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in forests and thickets from eastern Honduras south to western Panama and in the Chocó of western Colombia and north-western Ecuador. It closely resembles the larger Rufous-breasted Hermit.
 The friarbirds (also called leatherheads) are about 15 species of relatively large honeyeaters in the genus Philemon. Additionally the single member of the genus Melitograis is called the White-streaked Friarbird. Friarbirds are found in Australia Papua New Guinea eastern Indonesia and New Caledonia. They eat nectar insects and other invertebrates flowers fruit and seeds.The friarbirds generally have drab plumage.
 The Tailed Redbreast (Papilio bootes) is a beautiful swallowtail butterfly found in India.
 Callidium frigidum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Casey in 1912.
 Chrysoclista basiflavella is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1931. It is found in Japan.
 Biomphalaria straminea is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.This snail is a medically important pest because an intermediate host for the parasite Schistosoma mansoni and a vector of schistosomiasis.The history of these discoveries was summarized by Paraense (2001).The shell of this species like all planorbids is sinistral in coiling but is carried upside down and thus appears to be dextral.
 Cope's eastern Paraguay tree frog Hypsiboas polytaenius is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forests ponds irrigated land and canals and ditches.
 Ecliptopera muscicolor is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India and Taiwan.
 Conus zandbergeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mesogyrus is an extinct genus of fossil beetles in the family Gyrinidae containing the following species: Mesogyrus antiquus Ponomarenko 1973 Mesogyrus sibiricus Ponomarenko 1985 Mesogyrus striatus Ponomarenko 1973↑
 Recilia krameri is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.
 The White-eared Parakeet or Maroon-faced Parakeet (Pyrrhura leucotis) is a small parrot belonging to the genus Pyrrhura. As here defined it is endemic to Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil. The Venezuelan Grey-breasted and Pfrimer's Parakeets were formerly classed as subspecies of this bird but are increasingly treated as separate species.
 Pseudohemihyalea carmen is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Common names: Borneo short-tailed python Borneo python.Python breitensteini is a non-venomous python found mostly on the island of Borneo
 Parentephria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eumacrodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Puerto Rican boa (Chilabothrus inornatus) is a species of slender terrestrial viviparous boa with a dark brown coloration. It grows to about 1.8-2.7 meters (6–9 feet) in total length. It feeds on small mammals birds and lizards. As a member of the rainbow boas (genus Epicrates) it belongs to the family of the true boas (Boidae). It is currently on the endangered species list.
 Pseudograpsus is a genus of crabs containing the following species:Pseudograpsus albus Stimpson 1858Pseudograpsus crassus A. Milne-Edwards 1868Pseudograpsus elongatus (A. Milne-Edwards 1873)Pseudograpsus intermedius Chhapgar 1955Pseudograpsus nudus Stimpson 1858Pseudograpsus setosus (Fabricius 1798)↑
 Colobeutrypanus is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae with two species both from the Neotropical region The species are C. ornatus Tippmann 1953 and C. barclayi Monné & Monné 2012.
 Raiamas scarciensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas.
 Donacia fennica is a species of leaf beetles of the subfamily Donaciinae. It can be found in Iberian Peninsula and Western Siberia.
 Captain Christy (foaled 1967) was an Irish-bred and Irish-trained racehorse who won the Cheltenham Gold Cup as a novice.In spite of an alarming tendency to make mistakes Captain Christy was one of the best Irish chasers of his era and his 30 lengths win over Bula in the 1975 King George VI Chase at Kempton Park was a performance of the highest standard. Gerry Newman rode him in that race but for most of his other successes his jockey was Bobby Beasley.
 The Red-backed Mannikin (Lonchura nigriceps) also known as the Brown-backed Mannikin or Brown-backed Munia is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa.
 Heteroteucha distephana is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 10 mm. Adults have yellow forewings each with a brown band across the middle and a broad brown margin. The hindwings are plain pale brown.The larvae live in silked dead leaves. They feed on dead leaves of Eucalyptus species.
 Anabathmis is a genus of African sunbirds. Its members are sometimes included in Nectarinia. Two species are endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.Its members are: Reichenbach's Sunbird Anabathmis reichenbachii Principe Sunbird Anabathmis hartlaubii Newton's Sunbird Anabathmis newtoniiThe sunbirds are a group of very small Old World passerine birds which feed largely on nectar although they will also take insects especially when feeding young. Flight is fast and direct on their short wings.
 Sapheneutis pulchella is a species of bagworm native to eastern Madagascar.
 Clavus pusilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Idalus vitreoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1922. It is found in Trinidad.
 Neomordellistena burgeoni is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1931 by Píc.
 The Double-branded Crow (Euploea sylvester) also known as the Two-brand Crow in Australia is a butterfly found in South Asia Southeast Asia and parts of Australia that belongs to the Crows and Tigers that is the Danaid group of the Brush-footed butterflies family. Several races of the butterfly are recognized. Race pelor is found in Australia.
 Amphirissoa cyclostomoides is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Borojevia tetrapodifera is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Borojevia from New Zealand. The species is named after the presence of tetrapods the only Clathrinid sponge known to possess such spicules.
 Dycladia melaena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Bolivia and Brazil (Espirito Santo).
 The cloud rats are a group of arboreal and folivorous nocturnal rodents native to the forests of the Philippines. There are six known species of true cloud rat and two dwarf cloud rats species. These animals have not been studied extensively. The Filipino Ecosystems Research and Development Bureau has begun breeding Northern Luzon slender-tailed cloud rats in captivity.
 Orthotylus sicilianus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Sicily.
 Mnaseas is a genus of skipper butterflies in the family Hesperiidae.
 Paladilhia hungarica is a species of small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Moitessieriidae. This species is endemic to Hungary.
 Microxydia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mordellistena morula is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1862.
 Polylopha ornithopora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Phtheochroa zacualpana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Distrito Federal).
 Pendria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Palawan Hornbill (Anthracoceros marchei) known locally as Talusi in Filipino language is a smallish (approximately 70 centimetres (28 in) long) forest-dwelling bird. Its plumage is predominantly black with a white tail a dark green gloss on its upper parts and a large creamy-white beak with a casque typical of the hornbill family.
 The nettle pouch gall develops in leaf veins leaf petioles flower stalks and sometimes the stem of Urtica dioica and Urtica urens. This structure is caused by the gall midge or gnat Dasineura urticae also spelled Dasyneura urticae. Synonyms are Perrisia urticae and Cecidomyia urticae.
 Holcocerus gloriosus is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan Uzbekistan southern Kazakhstan Iran Afghanistan Iraq Jordan Israel northern Egypt Saudi Arabia Bahrain and Oman.Adults have been recorded on wing from February to May in Israel.
 The social feather duster Bispira brunnea is a species of marine bristleworm native to the Caribbean Sea. They tend to live in groups of individuals.
 Your Majesty (1905–1934) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for highly unpopular wins the Eclipse Stakes and the Classic St Leger Stakes in 1908. The colt ran at least twelve times and won five races in a career which lasted from June 1907 until July 1909. Your Majesty was campaigned against the best of the year's two-year-olds in 1907 but won only once from five starts. The following season he finished unplaced in the 2000 Guineas and missed the Derby through illness.
 Coleophora bojalyshi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on the leaves of Arbuscula arbuscula. They create a leafy case consisting of five to six obliquely arranged pieces. The valve is two-sided and not compact. The length of the case is 10-11.5 mm and the color is matte chocolate-brown although the terminal part is dark brown. Larvae can be found in June and (after diapause) again from the end of April to the beginning of May.
 Aborolabis angulifera is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera. Primarily found in the Afrotropic ecozone this species was discovered by Dohrn in 1864.
 Rhizotrogus almeriensis is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 The Banded Quail (Philortyx fasciatus) is a species of bird in the family Odontophoridae. It is found only in Mexico where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Odostomia dyma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hyperolius balfouri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Sudan Uganda possibly Chad and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pomacanthus is a genus of marine angelfish that is usually found around reefs and coral. Some of the notable places one can see these vari-coloured fish includes the Maldives Sri Lanka and Sipidan off the southern coast of Sabah Malaysia. Generally the patterns and colors of these fish under go a major transformation from juvenile to adult forms. The juveniles may even appear to be a different species.
 Caryophylliina is a suborder of stony corals order Scleractinia.
 Stigmella sorbivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Kyushu in Japan.The larvae feed on Sorbus japonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Battling Glider (Cymothoe alcimeda) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.The wingspan is 40-50 mm for males and 45-55 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round but mainly in summer from October onwards. Peaks occur in November and from February to April.The larvae feed on Kiggelaria africana.
 Peristarium timor is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Sauropsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Mpanjaka betschi is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in Central Madagascar.It has a wingspan of 34 mm and the length of the frontwings is 16 mm.
 The Algerian Three-toed Skink or Seps Tridactyle De L'Algerie (Chalcides mertensi) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found in Algeria and Tunisia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests temperate shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation temperate grassland and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cycloteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. It is distinguished from the genus Discoteuthis by the presence of a tail on the mantle. The species C. akimushkini is currently considered a junior synonym of C. sirventi however this is inconclusive.
 Neoscorpis lithophilus the Stone-bream is a species of sea chub native to the Indian Ocean coast of Africa where it can be found along rocky coasts from Mozambique to South Africa. This species grows to a length of 50 centimetres (20 in) SL though most do not exceed 18 centimetres (7.1 in). The greatest recorded weight for this fish is 2.6 kilograms (5.7 lb). This species is commercially important and is also popular as a game fish. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Scopula conotaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in south-eastern Brazil.
 Alvania hoeksemai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Pachydactylus boehmei is a thick-toed gecko belonging to the Pachydactylus weberi group found in Namibia.
 Haptoderodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Haptoderodes convexus Straneo 1986 Haptoderodes planulus Straneo 1986↑
 Trictena is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are three described species all endemic to Australia.
 Eudesmia tehuacana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Lynx Flower Moth (Schinia lynx) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Wisconsin southern Ontario Quebec and Maine south to Florida and Texas. Records include Colorado Iowa Kansas Nebraska New York Maryland Oklahoma and Oregon.There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Erigeron and Heterotheca subaxillaris.
 Diplocercides is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish belonging to the coelacanth group (Actinistia or Coelacanthimorpha) which lived during the Late Devonian period (between 370 and 397 million years BCE). Fossils of Diplocercides have been found in Germany Iran Ireland Australia and Poland (and possibly in South Africa in 1937).Recently three-dimensional fossils of Diplocercides were uncovered from the Gogo Formation of Western Australia
 Exilia graphiduloides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Blackburn's Ghost Moth (Aenetus blackburnii) is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Australia where it is widely distributed.Adults have been recorded from March to April.
 Anisopodus haliki is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Martins in 1974.
 Hybomitra montana the Slender-horned Horsefly is a species of horse fly in the family Tabanidae.
 The Island Imperial Pigeon (Ducula pistrinaria) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Scelidodon is an extinct South American ground sloth. Its remains have been dated to as recently as 9000 B.P.
 Echanella hirsutipennis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 The lesser house fly or little house fly Fannia canicularis is somewhat smaller (3.5–6 mm (0.14–0.24 in)) than the common housefly. It is best known for its habit of entering buildings and circling near the center of rooms. It is slender and the median vein in the wing is straight. Larvae feed on all manner of decaying organic matter including carrion. Among the Fanniidae this species is the one most frequently associated with myiasis .
 Xylophanes cyrene is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico Panama Costa Rica Guatemala Belize and south to Oxapampa in Peru.The wingspan is 76-91 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes amadis but the upperside ground colour is brownish and the pale median band is always uninterrupted by black streaks along the veins.Adults are probably on wing year round in Costa Rica.The larvae feed on Curatella americana Psychotria panamensis and Psychotria grandis.
 Noumea nivalis is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Carposina poliophara is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Bradley in 1965. It is found in Uganda.
 Sparganothis robinsonana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Texas.The wingspan is 21-22 mm.
 Pseudoscilla is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cryptomyelois glaucobasis is a species of snout moths in the genus Cryptomyelois. It is found in Australia.
 Cryptophagidae is a family of beetles with representatives found in all ecozones. Members of this family are commonly called silken fungus beetles and both adults and larvae appear to feed exclusively on fungi although in a wide variety of habitats and situations such as rotting wood and shed animal fur and feathers.
 Temnora engis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.It is similar to Temnora murina but the forewing upperside lacks the subapical dark spot on the outer margin instead there is a small rounded spot set some way back from the outer margin. Also the inner edge of the dark marginal band on the hindwing upperside is more diffuse.
 Phtheochroa zerena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Parinoberyx horridus is a species of slimehead only known from the Coral Sea from a depth of 300 metres (980 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Bucculatrix bicolorella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Chrétien in 1915. It is found in Italy.The wingspan is about 6 mm.
 Ocinara malagasy is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Viette in 1965. It is found in Madagascar.
 Madtsoiidae are an extinct group of mostly Gondwanan snakes with a fossil record extending from early Cenomanian (Upper Cretaceous) to late Pleistocene strata located in South America Africa India Australia and Southern Europe.
 Alectrurus is a genus of birds in the Tyrannidae family. It contains the following species: Cock-tailed Tyrant Alectrurus tricolor Strange-tailed Tyrant Alectrurus risora
 The Carpentarian dunnart (Sminthopsis butleri) also known as the Butler's dunnart with a puffy brown or mouse grey colour above and the underside of white similar to its close relative the Kakadu dunnart. Head to anus length is 75-88m with a tail of 72-90mm long for a total length of 147-178mm. Weight varies from 10-20gr depending on a variety of factors including sex food abundance habitat etc.
 Temnora scheveni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Tanzania Uganda and Rwanda.The length of the forewings is 22–23 mm. It is similar to Temnora pseudopylas pseudopylas but larger and very much darker. It is immediately distinguishable from all other Temnora species with yellow on the hindwing upperside in that this colour is restricted to the basal third of the wing not extending beyond the apex of the discal cell.
 Simnia loebbeckeana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Alcide (1955-1973) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. It is widely believed that Alcide would have won Epsom's 1958 Derby had not foul play prevented him from running. A form line through Nagami who was third in the Derby and when racing against Alcide gives credence to that theory.
 The roughskin catshark Apristurus ampliceps is a species of fish in the Scyliorhinidae family found near Australia and New Zealand. Its natural habitat is open seas. This species belongs to a genus of poorly known deep-water catsharks. Very little is known of its biology. This species is known to occur in deep water (840 to 1380 m) off New Zealand sporadic sites around Tasmania and a small area of Western Australia.
 Loranthacydia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Allotrioceratidae is a family of Middle Ordovician fossils established by Rousseau Flower 1955 originally including Allotrioceras and Mirabilocras assigned inferentially to the Endocerida and known only from structures interpreted as siphuncles. Later Williamsoceras Cacheoceras and Perkinsoceras (Flower 1968 1976) were added.
 Micropterix completella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Staudinger in 1871. It is known from Sardinia.
 The Shining Drongo (Dicrurus atripennis) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Togo.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Phyllocnistis eurymochla is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Apaconjunctdonta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Inopsis funerea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1883. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona and South Carolina.Adults have been recorded on wing in June.
 Anereuthina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Treitschkendia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Synodontis clarias the Mandi is a species of upside-down catfish that occurs widely in the waters of northern Africa. This species grows to a length of 36 centimetres (14 in) SL.
 Agnippe lunaki is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Greece the Republic of Macedonia and on Crete. It is also present in Turkey and Syria.The wingspan is 7.8–9 mm. The costal part of the forewings is black and the posterior part is yellow-cream. The costal margin has small yellow-white spots. The hindwings are light grey. Adults are on wing from June to July.
 Cleospira bicolor is a species of small predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strictispiridae.
 Cheilotoma voriseki is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It can be found in Turkey on Mount Nemrut in Adıyaman.
 Dendropsophus dutrai is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Macracaena is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Perittia farinella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Norway the Iberian Peninsula most of the Balkan Peninsula Slovakia Romania and Ukraine).The wingspan is 12–14 mm.The larvae probably feed on a species of the Boraginaceae family.
 Theobald's Tomb Bat (Taphozous theobaldi) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.It is found in India Indonesia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Euterebra planecosta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Acraea utengulensis Tanzanian Fiery Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in northern and central Tanzania and Zambia.
 Ornativalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Mordellistena trimaculata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Mulsant in 1863.
 Tokino Minoru (Japanese : トキノミノル May 2 1948 - June 20 1951) was a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse who was an undefeated winner of his 10 race starts which included the Tokyo Yushun (Japanese Derby).
 Siccia arabica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wiltshire in 1983. It is found in Saudi Arabia.
 The Orange Oriole (Icterus auratus) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family. It is found in Belize and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Anthidium conciliatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Iolaus cytaeis the Cytaeis Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.
 Leptophloeus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Leptophloeus abei Sasaji Leptophloeus alternans Erichson Leptophloeus angustulus LeConte Leptophloeus anormus Grouvelle Leptophloeus ater Lefkovitch Leptophloeus axillaris Wollaston Leptophloeus bupleuri Peyerimhof Leptophloeus capitus Lefkovitch Leptophloeus cassavae Lefkovitch Leptophloeus clematidis Erichson Leptophloeus convexiusculus Grouvelle Leptophloeus cornutus Lefkovitch Leptophloeus femoralis Sasaji Leptophloeus foveicollis Sasaji Leptophloeus hypobori Perris Leptophloeus janeti Grouvelle Leptophloeus juniperi Grouvelle Leptophloeus linearis Grouvelle Leptophloeus lucidus Grouvelle Leptophloeus mobilis Grouvelle Leptophloeus mucunae Lefkovitch Leptophloeus opaculus Grouvelle Leptophloeus parallelus Lefkovitch Leptophloeus perrisi Grouvelle Leptophloeus problematicus Lefkovitch Leptophloeus punctatus Lefkovitch Leptophloeus stenoides Wollaston↑
 Eupithecia assulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Agdistis asthenes is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Mongolia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are bright grey and the hindwings are grey.
 Eicochrysops meryamae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Stenopis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It now considered a synonym of Ophiusa.
 Minke whale /ˈmɪnki/ or lesser rorqual is a name given to two species of marine mammal belonging to a clade within the suborder of baleen whales. The minke whale was given its official designation by Lacepède in 1804 who described a juvenile specimen of Balænoptera acuto-rostrata. The name is a partial translation of Norwegian minkehval possibly after a Norwegian whaler named Meincke who mistook a northern minke whale for a blue whale.
 Protomelas taeniolatus (often sold under various trade names: Haplochromis Red Empress Red Empress or Spindle Hap) is a Haplochromine cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi in Eastern Africa. The fish is popular in the aquarium hobby due to the bright rainbow-like colors of adult males and its relatively peaceful temperament. Juvenile and female P.
 Vertigo ovata common name the ovate vertigo is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 Choisir is an Australian-bred dual hemisphere-winning Thoroughbred racehorse. He became the first Australian-trained winner of the Group Two King's Stand Stakes. The same year Choisir also won the Golden Jubilee Stakes and was second in the July Cup.
 Alloscelus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Gomphus kinzelbachi is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Iran and Iraq. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Clavatula flammulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Asura hermanni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Bare-throated Whistler (Pachycephala nudigula) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cupedia cupediella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Sardinia to Bulgaria and Greece.The larvae feed on Pistacia terebinthus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as an epidermal sometimes branched lower-surface corridor later a lower-surface tentiform mine which is almost invariably at the leaf margin with folded epidermis. The mine is eaten out until only the veins remain.
 Lymantriini (sometimes misspelled as Lymantrini) is a tribe of the family Lymantriidae comprising a group of polyphagous noctuoid (or owlet) moths that reside mostly in the tropical regions of Afro-Eurasia but also North America.
 Oenopota sagamiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Orbed Sulphur (Aphrissa orbis) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is native to Hispaniola and Cuba but is a very rare stray to Florida. The habitat consists of tropical moist forests above 500 meters.The wingspan is 63–76 mm (2.5–3.0 in). The upper surface of the male forewings is pale lemon yellow with a large orange patch on the basal third. The female upper surface is deep ochre the underside of the hindwing with a large brown patch.
 The Trigonalidae (sometimes spelled Trigonalyidae but the former spelling has formal precedence; see the Trigonalidae Website) are one of the more unusual families of hymenopteran insects of indeterminate affinity within the suborder Apocrita (though sometimes believed to be related to the Evanioidea) and presently placed in its own superfamily Trigonaloidea. The Trigonalidae are divided into two subfamilies Orthogonalinae and Trigonalinae.
 Poeciliopsis is a genus of poeciliid fishes that primarily are native to Mexico and Central America. The only exceptions are P. turrubarensis where the range extends into Colombia and P. occidentalis where the range extends into Arizona and New Mexico.
 Pseudotropheus fuscus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is known from Nkhata Bay and Lion's Cove. It prefers areas with rocky substrates usually at depths of 5 metres (16 ft) or less. It feeds on algae. This species can reach a length of 11 centimetres (4.3 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Grey-hooded Bush Tanager (Cnemoscopus rubrirostris) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is the only member of the genus Cnemoscopus.
 Liophryne dentata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Tinemyia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Vokesimurex bayeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Parnassius orleans is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Western China and Tibet? It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family. It was named after Prince Henri of Orleans who discovered it.
 Primobucco is an extinct genus of primobucconidae that lived during the Eocene of Europe and North America.
 Talara megaspila is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Ega).
 Cymaenes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Cinclidotyphis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The South American Painted-snipe or Lesser Painted-snipe (Nycticryphes semicollaris) is a shorebird in the family Rostratulidae. There are two other species in its family the Australian Painted-snipe and the Greater Painted-snipe.
 Cryphia nana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It can be found in California.
 Heteropoda dagmarae is a large species of spider in the Sparassidae family. This species is found in northern and central Laos. The spider is nocturnal and lives in forests. It hunts by ambushing its prey from shrubs trees and bamboo about two to four meters above the ground. It was not recorded as a new species until 2005.
 Dolerothera are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Nebria rubripes is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France and Spain.
 Haemaphlebiella venata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Surinam and Upper Amazonas.
 Lianema tenuicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Lianema.
 Dampwood termites (Termopsidae) constitute a small and rather primitive family of termites (Isoptera). They contain a mere four or five extant genera with 13–20 living species but can be divided into several subfamilies. They may be a nuisance but compared to the drywood termites (Kalotermitidae) usually do not cause extensive damage to buildings or other man-made structures.
 Calpodes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Holcophora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Blipta is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 The binturong (Arctictis binturong) also known as bearcat is a viverrid native to South and Southeast Asia. It is uncommon in much of its range and listed as Vulnerable by IUCN because of a declining population trend that is estimated at more than 30% over the last three decades.Thomas Stamford Raffles first described a specimen from Malacca where it is called binturung.In standard Malay it is known as benturung and in Riau Indonesia as tenturun.The binturong is a monotypic genus.
 Brachyaciura is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Parachoreutes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Leptoctenopsis.
 Marginellidae or the margin shells are a taxonomic family of small often colorful sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Neogastropoda.
 Acantholycosa dudkoromani is a species of wolf spider only known from high in the south-eastern Altai Mountains in Russia.This spider is around 9 mm in length. It is dark brown with a black head and yellow-brown spots on the upper legs. It is very similar to Acantholycosa dudkorum and they may be conspecific.
 The Endotheniini are a tribe of tortrix moths.
 The cushioned gerbil Gerbillus pulvinatus is distributed mainly in Somalia Ethiopia Djibouti and Kenya.
 Raphidiidae is a family of snakeflies in the order Raphidioptera.
 Boraras maculatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Boraras. It grows to be .8 inches long at adulthood.
 Copelatus usagarensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Zimmermann in 1926.
 Cromptodon is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Hilarographa bosavina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark yellow forming a broadpostbasal fascia. The dorso-posterior fourth of the wing is orange marbled with brown and the dorsal part of the termen is yellow. The hindwings are yellow orange but dark brown on the peripheries and pale orange in the terminal area. The anal field is brownish.
 Borbo binga the Dark Forest Swift is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Huntingdale (foaled 26 February 1983) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was rated the best two-year-old of 1985 by Timeform after finishing second in his first two races and then recording an upset victory in the Dewhurst Stakes. In the following year he finished third to Dancing Brave in the 2000 Guineas but his subsequent performances were disappointing.
 Elsalvadoria is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species: Elsalvadoria tomhaasi Bott 1970 Elsalvadoria zurstrasseni (Bott 1956)↑
 Cabares is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The whipnose anglers are a family Gigantactinidae of deep-sea anglerfishes. The family name is derived from the Greek words gigas meaning big and aktis meaning ray. They are distinguished by the presence of a remarkably long lure (the illicium) which may be longer than the body of the fish.
 Myzomorphus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Myzomorphus amabilis (Tippmann 1960) Myzomorphus flavipes Galileo 1987 Myzomorphus gounellei Lameere 1912 Myzomorphus herteli Gilmour 1960 Myzomorphus poultoni Lameere 1912 Myzomorphus quadripunctatus (Gray in Griffith 1831) Myzomorphus scutellatus Sallé 1849 Myzomorphus sparsimflambellatus Zajciw 1963↑
 Turbonilla carlotae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ornipholidotos nancy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo where it mainly resides in forests.Adults have been recorded on wing in October and January.
 The Naga Garra (Garra naganensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Ogoas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rivetina rhombicollis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Lascoria cristata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central America including Panama and Costa Rica.
 Gobiesox is a genus of clingfishes found in the Americas. This genus includes both freshwater and marine species.
 Monomorium inquilinum is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Deputy Commander (foaled in 1994 in Kentucky - October 7 2009) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Oneida marmorata is a species of snout moths in the genus Oneida. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Manduca schausi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico Guatemala Nicaragua and Costa Rica to Brazil Argentina and Bolivia.The wingspan is 114-138 mm. It is intermediate between Manduca lichenea and Manduca florestan with a pattern that is similar to both. The body and forewings are grey with a green tinge but the forewing upperside is darker. Adults are on wing nearly year round in Costa Rica.The larvae feed on Capsicum annuum and Lycopersicon esculentum.
 The Rusty-bellied Shortwing (Brachypteryx hyperythra) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in China India and Myanmar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland. It is affected by habitat loss. Having turned out to be more common than previously believed it is downlisted from Vulnerable to Near Threatened in the 2007 IUCN Red List.
 Minyobates steyermarki (formerly Dendrobates steyermarki) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tigrioides puncticollis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found on Borneo Java Bali and Lombok. The habitat consists of lower montane forests and lowland forests.The ground colour of the forewings is straw with blackish patches on the dorsum.The larvae feed on mosses. They are short dark and very hairy.
 The genus Neophema is an Australian genus with six or seven species. They are small parakeets with a more or less dull green basic color with some contrasting colorful patches and are commonly known as grass parrots.
 Eresiomera campbelli is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo.Adults have been recorded in February.
 Mordellistena pratensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Smith in 1883.
 Eupithecia graphata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in most of southern and eastern Europe as well as the Near East.The wingspan is 17–21 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May and again from July to August.The larvae feed on Minuartia and Gypsophila species as well as Jurinea mollis and Delia segetalis. Larvae can be found in July and August.
 Harpendyreus boma is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (from the southern part of the country to the highlands).
 Admesturius is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Mainbrace was a champion New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse who won 23 of his 25 race starts and was placed second in the other two. When he broke down he had won 17 races in succession which was only two behind Gloaming and Desert Gold's Australasian record. He also on eight different occasions he either equalled or broke the race record.
 Xestospiza fastigialis is an extinct species of bird with a ridge-shape bill that was described on the basis of fossils. It was possibly an insectivore populating the Hawaiian Islands of Oahu Molokai and Maui.
 Congresox is a genus of eels in the pike conger family Muraenesocidae. It currently contains these species: Congresox talabon (Cuvier 1829) (yellow pike conger) Congresox talabonoides (Bleeker 1853) (Indian pike conger)
 Amusaron pruinosa is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Grünberg in 1907. It is found in Cameroon.
 Oxynoemacheilus mediterraneus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Acraea buettneri Buettner’s Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola and Zambia (the north-western part of the country and the Copperbelt). The habitat consists of woodland.
 The Brown Fruit-eating Bat Artibeus concolor is a bat species from South America. It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.
 The Similar Underwing (Catocala similis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Ontario and Quebec south through Maine and Connecticut to Florida west to Texas and Oklahoma and north to Minnesota.The wingspan is 35–45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis and Quercus stellata.
 Chthonerpeton noctinectes is a species of amphibians in the Typhlonectidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps freshwater lakes and pastureland.
 Cochylimorpha eburneana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Asia Minor Turkey Central Asia Afghanistan Armenia and Iran.
 Eupithecia nephelata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Jammu and Kashmir western China (Xinjiang) and Mongolia.
 Omomyidae is a family of early primates that radiated during the Eocene epoch between about 55 to 34 million years ago (mya). Fossil omomyids are found in North America Europe Asia and possibly Africa making it one of two groups of Eocene primates with a geographic distribution spanning holarctic continents the other being the adapids (family Adapidae).
 My Flag (March 25 1993 - April 12 2014) was an American Thoroughbred Racehorse. She was one of the leading American fillies of her generation winning the Coaching Club American Oaks and finishing third against colts in the Belmont Stakes in 1996. My Flag was euthanized April 12 2014 at age of 21 for due to foaling complications for her bay colt by Bernardini.
 Micropygus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Phibromia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Farcimen is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Megalomastomatidae.
 Favartia (Favartia) levicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The chubbyhead barb (Barbus anoplus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Alipta crenistria is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae.
 Indotriplophysa is a genus of stone loaches native to southern and eastern Asia.
 Pseudoamuria neglecta is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Queensland.The length of the forewings is 7 mm for females. The wings are elongate. The upperside of the forewings is dark brownish grey with a small divided yellow spot on the distal part of the cell. The underside is greyish yellow proximally but darker and brownish distally. The Hindwings are opaque and densely scaled.
 The Javan White-eye (Zosterops flavus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Caudatoscelis marmorata is a species of mantis in the genus Caudatoscelis in the order Mantodea.
 Pleurotomella perpauxilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Banded Apollo Parnassius delphius is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Central Asia. It is a member of the genus Parnassius of the swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 Copelatus angustus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Gschwendtner in 1932.
 The White-brow hawkmoth (Gnathothlibus erotus) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from India to the south Pacific including Borneo the Cook Islands Papua New Guinea the Philippines and Australia.The wingspan is about 70 mm.
 Naviculavolva massierorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Leucoptera loxaula is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from South Africa and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Pavetta assimilis.
 Navasota discipunctella is a species of snout moths in the genus Navasota. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Nigeria (including Minna the type location).
 Rhinopias is a genus of scorpionfish native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.Like other scorpionfish Rhinopias utilize camouflage to blend in with their surroundings.Rhinopias are rare fish but sometimes appear in the aquarium trade where they fetch high prices.
 Elachista lurida is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in California.The length of the forewings is 5.3 millimetres (0.21 in). The forewings are broad and whitish with brownish scales along the veins. The hindwings are light grey and the underside of the wings is grey.
 Lagocheirus procerus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Casey in 1913 and is known from Baja California.
 Uranophora munda is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Haiti.
 Dorithia meridionalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Negeta is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Spilosoma albiventre is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania.
 Cicurina is a spider genus in the family Dictynidae.
 The Arfak pygmy bandicoot (Microperoryctes aplini) is a species of marsupial in the Peramelidae family. It is endemic to the Arfak mountains in the Vogelkop Peninsula of West Papua in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Enosuchus is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha.
 Clemensia toulgoeti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Malawi Eyebiter (Dimidiochromis compressiceps) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family.
 Torrella is a genus of operculate land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 Melanochromis loriae is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around Chipoka Island. This species can reach a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) TL.
 Chilgatherium (Chilga Beast after the locality in which it was found) is the earliest and most primitive representative of the family Deinotheriidae. It is known from late Oligocene (27 to 28 million years old) fossil teeth found in the Ethiopian district of Chilga. So far only a number of molar teeth have been found but these are distinct enough that this animal can be identified with confidence.
 Paranicla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brown-hooded Gull (Chroicocephalus maculipennis) is a species of gull found in Argentina Brazil Chile the Falkland Islands and Uruguay. Its specific epithet maculipennis means 'spotted wings' (macula + penna). It is a white bird with a brown head and red beak and feet.
 The Gabela Bushshrike (Laniarius amboimensis) or Amboim Bushshrike is a bird in the Malaconotidae family. It is a reclusive and enigmatic bird and it is not quite resolved whether it should better be considered a distinct species or a well-marked subspecies of Lühder's Bushshrike. It is endemic to Angola.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hylorchilus is a genus of bird in the Troglodytidae family. It contains the following species: Nava's Wren (Hylorchilus navai) Sumichrast's Wren (Hylorchilus sumichrasti)
 Argonauta pacifica also known as the pacific argonaut is a species of pelagic octopus. The female of the species like all argonauts creates a paper-thin eggcase that coils around the octopus much like the way a nautilus lives in its shell (hence the name paper nautilus). The shell is usually approximately 150 mm in length although it can exceed 200 mm in exceptional specimens; the world record size is 220.0 mm.A.
 Gibberula audreyae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Platycheirus albimanus is a common widespread species of hoverfly. A holarctic species its range includes Greenland Iceland Britain mainland Europe Russia across Siberia to the pacific coast the Philippines Alaska western Canada and USA. The larvae feed on aphids on a wide range of plants shrubs and trees. Adults can be found in flight generally between April and October on the edges of woodland or scrub heath or along hedgerows where they visit a wide range of flowers.
 Mitra belcheri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Phosphatodraco (meaning phosphate dragon in reference to the phosphates of Morocco the country where it was found) is a genus of azhdarchid pterodactyloid pterosaur from a late Maastrichtian-age Upper Cretaceous portion of the Oulad (or Qualad) Abdoun Phosphatic Basin Grand Doui near Khouribga central Morocco.
 Notodonta griseotincta is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Bagworm Moth (Dahlica triquetrella) is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in Europe and North America.The wingspan is 9–13 mm for males. Females are wingless. Though winged males occur in some sites in Europe only the parthenogenetic wingless female form of Dahlica triquetrella has been recorded in Britain. The adult lives a very short time.The larvae feed on lichen and algae on trunks rocks and old walls.
 Mordella javana is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 The resplendent pygmy angelfish (Centropyge resplendens) is a species of fish in the Pomacanthidae family. It is endemic to Ascension Island.
 Bruchiana is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Aeolochroma olivia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales).
 Austropyrgus eumekes is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to western Victoria Australia. It is only known from several locations on Darlot Creek a tributary of the Fitzroy River.
 The Eastern Water Skink Eastern Water-skink or Golden Water Skink (Eulamprus quoyii) is a species of diurnal Scincidae that occurs in Australia primarily in the southeast.
 Razowskiina ptilota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Shaw's Dwarf Baltia shawi is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found at high altitudes in Central Asia.
 Ectoedemia royenicola is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Vári in 1955. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Diospyros whyteana.
 Viola is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Porcellio gallicus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in France Italy Spain and Switzerland.
 Pratt's Vole (Eothenomys chinensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in China.
 Busmadis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Yellow Tiger Moth (Arctia flavia) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Alps above the tree level. It also occurs in Balkan mountains (Rila) European Russia northern Kazakhstan Siberia Mongolia North-Eastern China and Korea.The wingspan is 50–70 mm. The moth flies July to August.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants.
 Phyllophaga nebulosa is a species of june beetle endemic to Jones Lake State Park in North Carolina. This species was discovered by Maxi Polihronakis at Jones Lake State Park when she could not recognize some of the beetles she had collected for her research. This beetle is nocturnal and was discovered living in sandy soil near conifers which is unusual for members of its genus.
 Gymnelia doncasteri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Venezuela.
 Eugoa okalii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in western Malaysia.
 Lordomyrma reticulata is a species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Lordomyrma reticulata can be recognized by the deep and regular reticulating sculpture on the head and mesosoma which becomes shallower on the gaster both dorsally and ventrally. The clypeus is distinctly rugose and convex with a pair of strong carinae that converge centrally and diverge anteriorly and posteriorly forming an hourglass shape.
 Turritella torulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Hyalella azteca is a widespread and abundant species of amphipod crustacean in North America. It reaches 3–8 mm (0.12–0.31 in) long and is found in a range of fresh and brackish waters. It feeds on algae and diatoms and is a major food of waterfowl.
 Vexillum cubanum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Xylophanes norfolki is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Galapagos Islands.It is similar to Xylophanes tersa and related species but the pattern and form of the forewing upperside is different. The underside of the abdomen is purplish-brown while the forewing upperside has a dark brown ground colour and the forewing and hindwing underside ground colour is dark orange.
 Clelandina is an extinct genus of Gorgonopsia. It was first named by Broom in 1948 and contains four species C. majora C. maximus C. rubidgei and C. scheepersi.
 Sphaerolichus armipes is a mite species in the genus Sphaerolichus.
 Eupyra consors is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 Neomyoleja is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae. It is considered a synonym of Aischrocrania.
 Rudisociaria is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Mexican spotted wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys rubida) or Mexican spotted terrapin is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.It is endemic to Mexico.
 Oonops mahnerti is a spider species found in Greece.
 Iridana rougeoti Rougeot’s Sapphire Gem is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana western Nigeria Gabon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lasionycta coracina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Richardson and British Mountains in northern Yukon adjacent Northwest Territories and Cape Thompson in north-western Alaska.The habitat in the Richardson Mountains is sparsely vegetated gravel tundra slopes with Dryas stripes. The moths are diurnal most active in the late afternoon and when cloudy.The wingspan is 23–30 mm for males and 24–31 mm for females.
 Weintrauboa is a spider genus of the small Pimoidae family. The nearest relatives of Weintrauboa are in the Pimoa genus.
 The bluering angelfish (Pomacanthus annularis) is an angelfish of the family Pomacanthidae found in the Indo-West Pacific oceans from East Africa throughout Indonesia and New Guinea to New Caledonia north to southern Japan.
 Amiantofusus amiantus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Large Hedge Blue (Celastrina huegeli) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 The green-eyed frog Rana vibicaria is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found highland rainforests in Costa Rica and western Panama. Once common it has declined drastically mainly due to the disease chytridiomycosis. The IUCN now lists it as vulnerable.
 Urodinychus is a genus of mites in the family Urodinychidae.
 Phyllonorycter infirma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is about 2.8 mm.The larvae probably feed on Rosacea species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Lilliconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conilithidae the cone snails and their allies.When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 The brown rockfish (Sebastes auriculatus) whose other names include brown seaperch chocolate bass brown bass and brown bomber is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Sebastidae.
 Bolocera tuediae is one of the largest North Sea anemones. It can grow up to 300 millimetres (12 in) across the tentacles. It has been recorded from all coasts of Britain but is more rare in the south. Recent records from divers are in Scottish sea lochs. It is generally distributed throughout the North Atlantic north to the Arctic Circle and east to North America.
 Cochylimorpha langeana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Turkey Syria the Palestinian territories Lebanon and Iran.
 The wandering salamander (Aneides vagrans) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is found in Canada and the United States. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Daddala lucilla is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Himalaya Taiwan Japan Burma Thailand Sumatra Borneo Java Bali and Sulawesi.The wingspan is 48–54 mm.
 Corsican Red Deer (Cervus elaphus corsicanus Erxleben 1777) also known simply as Corsican or Sardinian Deer is a subspecies of the Red Deer (Cervus elaphus) endemic to the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia Italy and Corsica France.
 Aethecerinus latecinctus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Horn in 1880.
 Pliosteostoma lutipinnis the Yellowfin herring is a herring that is found along the coast of Central and South America from Mexico to Ecuador. It is the only species in its genus.
 Ranohira are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Ranohira silvestris which is found in Madagascar.
 Cerithiopsis wayae is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Psodos is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Blue Man (foaled 1949) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Preakness Stakes.
 Cornuterus is a genus of moths of the Thyrididae family.
 The Chestnut-bellied Malkoha (Phaenicophaeus sumatranus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.Not to be confused with the Chestnut-breasted Malkoha.
 Sheilas Reward (foaled 1947 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse who was voted the American Champion Sprint Horse of 1950 and 1951. He was sired by multiple stakes winner Reaping Reward and out of the mare Smart Sheila a daughter of 1930 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt Jamestown.
 Coquillettidia perturbans is a species of mosquito that have been documented in Africa Asia Australia Europe North America and South America. This mosquito is a known as a vector of West Nile virus and Eastern equine encephalomyelitis. The geographic range of Cq. perturbans is increasing due to the growing extensity of the feeding area and disease transmission of this species. They are known to exist throughout the United States mainly with a southern distribution and are mammalophilic.
 Ramphotyphlops similis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Leptodeuterocopus fortunatus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Brazil.The wingspan is about 12 millimetres (0.47 in). Adults are on wing in December.
 Sibirocosa alpina is a species of wolf spider only known from the Almaty area of Kazakhstan.This species only known from two female specimens was placed in Sibirocosa on the basis of similarities in the genitalia. The authors who described the species admit its placement in this genus is possibly problematic due to morphological differences and especially as its known range is 2500 km (1553 mi) from the nearest presumed congener in Siberia S. sibirica.
 Asemonea is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Chizala is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pseudoskenella depressa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Collared eel (Kaupichthys nuchalis) is an eel in the family Chlopsidae. It was described by James Erwin Böhlke in 1967. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from coral reefs in the western Atlantic Ocean including Texas USA; the Bahamas the Antilles northern South America the northwestern Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean. It is a benthic solitary eel that primarily resides in tubular sponges. Males can reach a maximum total length of 16 centimetres.
 Alaena oberthuri is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (from the south-eastern part of the country to Haut-Lomani).
 Holophaea lycone is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 Idotea linearis is a species of elongated isopod crustacean.
 Seticosta tambomachaya is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Carpophthoracidia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Clavatula knudseni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Eoborus fusiforme is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin in the state of Rio de Janeiro Brazil.
 Lernaeocera is a genus of marine copepods in the family Pennellidae containing the following species:
 Antilophia is a genus of South American bird in the Pipridae family. It contains the following species: Helmeted Manakin (Antilophia galeata) Araripe Manakin (Antilophia bokermanni)
 The subclass Holocephali (complete heads) is a taxon of cartilaginous fish of which the order Chimaeriformes is the only surviving group.The extensive fossil record of the Holocephali starts during the Devonian period. However most fossils are teeth and the body forms of numerous species are not known or at best poorly understood.
 Esperiana is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Melanopsidae.
 Acalyptris unicornis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found on the Yucatán Peninsula.The larvae feed on Schinus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ypsotingini is a cosmopolitan tribe of lace bugs. Seven genera have been recorded.
 Acrocercops sauropis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Meghalaya).
 The Tawitawi Brown Dove (Phapitreron cinereiceps) is a threatened species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to forests in the Sulu Archipelago (islands of Tawi-Tawi and Sanga-Sanga) in the Philippines. Until recently it was considered conspecific with the Mindanao Brown Dove. Although threatened by habitat loss the rate of loss significantly reduced from 2004–2007 and it was thus downlisted from Critically Endangered to Endangered status in the 2007 IUCN Red List.
 Adelpha nea the Nea Sister is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Hewitson in 1847. It is found from south-eastern Mexico Belize and Costa Rica to Venezuela and southern Peru the Guianas and Amazonian Brazil.The larvae feed on Miconia species.
 Saltella sphondylii is a European species of fly and member of the family Sepsidae.
 The Periander Metalmark or Variable Beautymark (Rhetus periander) is a butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in most of Central America and South America ranging from Mexico to Brazil and Argentina.
 Paradoxoglanis is a genus of electric catfishes native to Africa where all of the known species are endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The species in this genus range from about 11–17 centimetres (4.3–6.7 in) SL.
 Oceanic dolphins are members of the cetacean family Delphinidae. These marine mammals are related to whales and porpoises. They are found worldwide mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves.
 The fanshell scientific name Cyprogenia stegaria is a species of aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae. This clam is native to the United States where breeding populations remain in only three rivers. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This clam is known to be reproducing in the Clinch River in Tennessee and Virginia and the Green and Licking Rivers in Kentucky. There may be a small reproducing population in the Tennessee River.
 Dixonius is a genus of Asian geckos commonly known as leaf-toed geckos.
 Runcinia acuminata is a species of crab spiders.Females reach a body length of about 10 mm males less than 6 mm. They are often found in seeding heads of grasses where the females build and camouflage their egg sacs. They mainly feed on moths that visit these grasses.[1]
 Hipponix leptus is a species of small limpet-like sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hipponicidae the hoof snails. The shell of this species is similar to that of Hipponix antiquatus.
 The Spoon-billed Sandpiper (Eurynorhynchus pygmeus) is a small wader which breeds in northeastern Russia and winters in Southeast Asia.
 Cameroniola kryzhanovskiji is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Cameroniola.
 The Forest Soft-furred Mouse or West African Praomys (Praomys rostratus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea and Liberia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Hildebrandt's Francolin (Pternistis hildebrandti) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania and Zambia. The species is named for Johannes Hildebrandt who collected the first specimens in Kenya.
 The African White Stemborer (Maliarpha separatella) is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Cameroon La Réunion Madagascar and South Africa.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults have a dull yellow-brown body. The forewings have red scales along the costal and inner margins and dark brown and red scales appearing as defined lines along the wing veins to the termen.
 Xanthograpta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Paradise kingfishers (genus Tanysiptera) are a group of tree kingfishers found in Australasia.
 The El Carrizo deer mouse (Peromyscus ochraventer) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 Pseudocheiridae is a family of arboreal marsupials containing 17 extant species of ringtailed possums and close relatives. They are found in forested areas and shrublands throughout Australia and New Guinea.
 Coleophora vulpecula is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Germany to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Bulgaria. It has also been recorded from northern Russia.The larvae feed on Onobrychis arenaria. They create a lobe case consisting of two rows of large untidily projecting leaf fragments that give the appearance of a bundle of dried leaves. The mouth angle is about 45° Larvae can be found from September to June of the following year.
 Mitra perdulca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Western Azores Goldcrest (Regulus regulus inermis) Estrelinha-de-poupa in Portuguese is a very small passerine bird in the kinglet family. It is endemic to the Azores archipelago in the North Atlantic Ocean where it is a non-migratory resident of the islands of Flores Faial Terceira São Jorge and Pico.
 Altica aenescens is a species of leaf beetle from the subfamily Galerucinae. It is distributed in Northern and Central Europe as far south as northern Italy. Parts of Northern Europe include Belarus Belgium Finland and Sweden.
 Merycoidodontoidea sometimes called oreodonts or ruminating hogs is an extinct superfamily of prehistoric cud-chewing artiodactyls with short faces and fang-like canine teeth. As their name implies some of the better known forms were generally hog-like and the group was once thought to be a member of Suina the pigs peccaries and their ancestors though recent work indicates they were more closely related to camels.
 Ridens is a Neotropical genus of Spread-winged skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Osakia lineolella is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Osakia. It was described by Ragonot in 1901 and is known from Japan.
 Mesonoemacheilus menoni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Mesonoemacheilus.
 Hyloplesion is an extinct genus of microbrachomorph microsaur. It is the type and only genus within the family Hyloplesiontidae. Fossils have been found from the Czech Republic near the towns of Plzeň Nýřany and Třemošná and date back to the Middle Pennsylvanian. The type species is H. longicostatum named in 1883. Two species belonging to different genera Seeleya pusilla and Orthocosta microscopica have been synonymized with H.
 Phrygilus is a genus of mainly Andean seed-eating tanagers commonly known as sierra finches. Phrygilos means finch in Ancient Greek. Sometimes classified in the bunting and American sparrow family Emberizidae more recent studies have shown them to belong in the Thraupidae. The genus appears to be polyphyletic consisting of at least three distinct lineages which in future may need to be split into separate genera.
 Coralliophila sofiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Songar Tit (Poecile songarus formerly Parus songarus) is a passerine bird in the tit family. It is the southern counterpart of the Willow Tit P. montanus and is often included in it as a subspecies.It breeds in the deciduous mountain forests of southeast Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan and northern China. The 13 cm long Songar Tit has a dark brown cap blackish bib rich brown upperparts white cheeks and cinnamon buff underparts.
 Garudinodes albofasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Vervain Hummingbird (Mellisuga minima) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in the Dominican Republic Haiti and Jamaica and is a vagrant to Puerto Rico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.It used to be considered the second smallest bird in the world after the Bee Hummingbird. Typical length is 6 cm (2.4 in) including the bill and weight is 2–2.4 g (0.071–0.085 oz).
 Stigmella dissona is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in the Amur and Primorye regions of Russia.
 Chloroclystis gymnoscelides is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 The Giant Sphinx (Cocytius antaeus) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Brazil through Central America and into the southern parts of Texas and Florida in the United States. The wingspan is 126–178 mm. Very rare in North America it is the only insect in the continent with a long enough proboscis to pollinate the similarly rare Ghost Orchid.The larvae feed on Annona glabra Annona reticulata Annona purpurea Annona holosericea and Rollinia membranacea.
 The Rosy Minor (Mesoligia literosa) is a moth of the family Noctuidae.It is found throughout Europe north Africa and western Asia.The wingspan is 23–30 mm.The moth flies in July and August.The larvae overwinter and feed on various grasses including glaucous sedge and cock's-foot.
 Hypsiboas cipoensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests dry savanna moist savanna rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bylgia is an extinct genus of prawns in the family Penaeidae containing 4 species.
 Microvoluta joloensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Cerithiopsis serina is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Dall in 1927.
 Cyerce nigricans is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Caliphyllidae.
 Gastrotheca fissipes is a frog species in the frog family Hemiphractidae. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rocky areas. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Siphonochelus virginiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Alzoniella pyrenaica is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to France.
 Melieria occidentalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Yellow-breasted Boubou (Laniarius atroflavus) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Orthogonius solidicornis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2003.
 Eleutherodactylus randorum is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The False Mocha Cyclophora porata is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.The wingspan is 25–30 millimetres (0.98–1.18 in). The length of the forewings is 12–14 mm (0.47–0.55 in). The moths fly in generations from May to June and from August to September in western Europe.The caterpillars feed on oak and birch.
 Stigmella perplexa is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Janse in 1948. It is found in Namibia.
 Fulvetta is a songbird genus. Originally proposed in 1877 it was recently reestablished for the typical fulvettas which were long included with their presumed relatives in the Timaliidae (Old World babbler) genus Alcippe.
 Chicoreus (Triplex) spectrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Technosaurus (TEK-no-SAWR-us) (meaning (Texas) Tech lizard) is an extinct genus of Late Triassic archosauriform perhaps a dinosauriform similar to Silesaurus from the Norian age Upper Triassic Bull Canyon Formation (Dockum Group) of Texas. For about 20 years after its description it was thought to be a basal ornithischian dinosaur but better remains of other Triassic archosaurs have cast doubt on this interpretation. As named it was a chimera of different animals.
 Lucilia illustris is a member of the Calliphoridae family of flies commonly known as a blow fly. Along with several other species L. illustris is commonly referred to as the green bottle fly. L. illustris is typically 6–9 mm in length and has a metallic blue-green thorax. The larvae develop in three instars each with unique developmental properties. The adult fly typically will feed on flowers but the females need some sort of carrion protein in order to breed and lay eggs.
 Paruparo mio [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines and found only on (Mindanao Island). Forewing length:16-17mm. It is quite rare species and the threat category is to be vulnerable.
 Ornithomyinae is a subfamily of the fly family Hippoboscidae. All are blood feeding parasites for the most part on birds though some have mammals as hosts.
 Myopias is a genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.
 Cara (1836–1857) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1839. The filly was lightly campaigned running six races in three seasons and winning twice. She was one of the leading British two-year-olds of 1838 winning the Criterion Stakes in impressive fashion and won the 1000 Guineas the following spring.
 Argynnis sagana is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 The Red-backed bearded saki Chiropotes chiropotes is a species of bearded saki a type of New World monkey from South America. It is found north of the Amazon River and east of the Branco River in Brazil and the Guianas. It is possible the scientific name C. chiropotes belongs to the more westernly brown-backed bearded saki in which case the correct scientific name for the red-backed bearded saki would be C. sagulatus.
 Dizoniopsis abylensis is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Strait of Gibraltar. It was described by Bouchet Gofas and Warén in 2010.
 Chromodoris kuiteri is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Fusceulima murdochi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Enneacampus is a genus of freshwater pipefishes native to Africa.
 Tibellus oblongus is a spider spider with Holarctic distribution.
 Paratrachea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Calluella flava is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Malaysia and possibly Brunei.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Elvstroem (foaled 14 November 2000 in Australia) was an outstanding bay Thoroughbred racehorse by world champion sire Danehill from the former champion three-year-old filly Circles of Gold.
 Mesoclemmys is a South American genus of turtle in the Chelidae family.
 Scopula urnaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and Palawan. The habitat consists of lowland dipterocarp forests.
 The Vordermann's pipistrelle (Pipistrellus vordermanni or Hypsugo vordermanni) is a species of vesper bat found in Brunei Darussalam Indonesia and Malaysia.
 The Dwarf Blue (Oraidium barberae) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe. In South Africa it is found from the West Cape north to Namaqualand the North Cape and east to the East Cape and the Orange Free State as well as northern KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is 10–15 mm for males and 12–18 mm for females the smallest of all known butterflies.
 Micronola yemeni is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Yemen Tanzania and Nigeria.The wingspan is 8.5–11 mm. The head patagia and first part of the thorax are brownish grey to dark grey. The forewings (including fringes) are brownish grey to dark grey in ssp. yemeni and light grey in ssp. occidentalis. The crosslines are black. The hindwings are grey in ssp. yemeni and whitish grey in ssp. occidentalis.
 The Wedge-billed Hummingbird (Schistes geoffroyi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is placed in the monotypic genus Schistes but sometimes merged with the visorbearers in Augastes.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Leucophlebia lineata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka India Nepal Thailand eastern and southern China Taiwan Cambodia Vietnam Malaysia (Peninsular Sarawak) Indonesia (Sumatra Java Kalimantan Flores Sulawesi) and the Philippines.The wingspan is 62–82 mm.
 Dictynidae is a family of cribellate (hackled band-producing) spiders. Most spiders in this family build irregular webs close to or directly on the ground. Typically they create a tangle of silken fibers among several branches or stems of one plant.
 The Chiriqui Harvest Mouse (Reithrodontomys creper) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 The Coral Hairstreak (Satyrium titus) is a North American butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Borneo roundleaf bat (Hipposideros doriae) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Borneo Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia. Hipposideros sabanus is a synonym of this species.
 Homalocephala albitarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae.
 Synodontis nigromaculata the Blackspotted squeaker is a species of upside-down catfish found widely in southern Africa. This species grows to a length of 38.5 centimetres (15.2 in) TL. This species is important in local fisheries as a source of human food as well as being a gamefish and is found in the aquarium trade.
 Ectoedemia tersiusi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Mey in 2004. It is known from Namibia.
 Umbraculum umbraculum common name the umbrella slug is a species of large sea snail or limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Umbraculidae.
 Mordellistena jucunda is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1880 by Broun.
 Brachysomida vittigera is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in USA.
 Barilius dimorphicus is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in India.
 Dendrodrilus rubidus is a species of earthworm in the family Lumbricidae. It is native to Europe and it is a widespread introduced species occurring on every continent except Antarctica as well as many islands. It is often invasive. It is sometimes used as fishing bait and is marketed under many nonspecific names including red wiggler jumping red wiggler red trout worm jumbo red worm and pink worm. Other common names include bank worm tree worm and gilt tail.
 Aphomomyrmex is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae containing the single species Aphomomyrmex afer.
 Deramas is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The genus distributed from south Burma to Sundaland the Philippines and Sulawesi. Most of the species are rare and endangered and are confined to forest from sea level to about 5000 feet.
 Eupholidoptera chabrieri is a species of 'katydids crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae.This cricket is mainly present in Belgium France Italy Romania and in Switzerland. The adults reach 20–30 millimetres (0.79–1.18 in) of length. They can be encountered from July through September in forest edges clearings thickets and shrubs. The basic coloration of the body varies from green to light green and yellow green.
 Eleutherodactylus mercedesae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Onchestus rentzi is an Australian species of stick insect commonly named the Crown Stick Insect described in 2006. It lives in rainforests along the coast of Queensland and the Northern Territory. It is named after the Australian orthopterist David Rentz.
 Orthopristis is a genus of grunts native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.
 The pepper weevil (Anthonomus eugenii) feeds and lays eggs on the genus Capsicum and a few species of Solanum (Solanaceae). It is an important pest of Capsicum in Florida Puerto Rico and Central America.
 Vincentive (foaled 1940) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse from Maryland who won the 55th running of the Dwyer Stakes at Belmont Park on June 19 1943. Owned by William Leavitt Brann the colt defeated Famous Victory owned by Mrs. Payne Whitney. Vincentive was ridden by jockey Johnny Gilbert who weighed 111 pounds. The win was worth $19600.A son of Challenger (Great Britain) and Phenomenon (United States) the thoroughbred attained career earnings of $36935.
 Microschismus fortis is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Erysthia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Athleta kilburni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Cuphodes diospyrosella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan. The wingspan is 7-8.5 mm. Leaf miners the diospyrosella larvae feed on the mesophyll of the Diospyros species.
 Holacanthus is a genus of marine angelfishes (family Pomacanthidae). The eight species are particularly abundant near volcanic rocks and coral islands. Some are highly valued as food but even more so for aquaria as all are brightly colored.
 Nebria kratteri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Albania Greece Italy and Republic of Macedonia.
 Ichthyopselapha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kayserops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Acastidae) that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Delo in 1935 and the type species is Kayserops kochi which was originally described under the genus Cryphaeus by Kayser in 1883. The generic name is derived from the name of the species' author. The type locality was the Rhenish Massif.
 Tetraponera is a genus of ants commonly slender ants in the family Formicidae and are characterised by their arboreal nature and slender bodies. The 86 described species of Tetraponera all live in hollow structures of plants and trees such as thorns or branches; these hosts are known as myrmecophytes. Tetraponera species are closely related to the New World genus of ants Pseudomyrmex but differ in their relationships with host plants.
 The rufous thrushes are medium-sized insectivorous birds in the genus Neocossyphus of the thrush family Turdidae. These are African forest dwelling species. Two species are commonly called ant-thrushes.
 Balacra herona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1887. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Ghana Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
 Helicella itala is a species of medium-sized air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Pardaleodes tibullus the Large Pathfinder Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of open areas in forests.Adults are attracted to flowers particularly those of the Acanthaceae and Lamiaceae species.The larvae feed on Pennisetum species.
 Halone flavescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is known from India (Assam).
 Latocamurus coulthardi is a flat-nosed arthrodire placoderm from the Gogo Formation of Late Devonian Western Australia.
 Pancrustacea is a clade comprising all crustaceans and hexapods. This grouping is contrary to the Atelocerata hypothesis in which Myriapoda and Hexapoda are sister taxa and Crustacea are only more distantly related. As of 2010 the Pancrustacea taxon is considered well accepted. The clade has also been called Tetraconata referring to the square ommatidia of many of its members.
 Peltopleuriformes were an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish.
 Corydoras condiscipulus is a species of Corydoras catfish found in the Oyapock River of French Guiana and Brazil.It is found in the whole river much of which is blackwater and covered by rainforest. Corydoras condiscipulus grows to a length of 5.1 cm (2.0 in).
 Prostoma is a genus of freshwater nemerteans containing the following species:Prostoma asensoriatum Montgomery 1896Prostoma canadiensis Gibson & Moore 1978Prostoma communopore Senz 1996Prostoma eilhardi (Montgomery 1894)Prostoma graecense (Böhmig 1892)Prostoma hercegovinense Tarman 1961Prostoma jenningsi Gibson & Young 1971Prostoma kolasai Gibson & Moore 1976Prostoma ohmiense Chernyshev et al. 1998Prostoma puteale Beauchamp 1932↑ ↑
 The Striped Garden Caterpillar (Trichordestra legitima) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern North America from Newfoundland to Florida west to Texas north to Saskatchewan.The wingspan is 25–39 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.
 The Culicoidea are a superfamily within the order Diptera. The following families are included within the Culicoidea:Dixidae – meniscus midgesCorethrellidae – frog-biting midgesChaoboridae – phantom midgesCulicidae – mosquitoes
 The blackbelly lanternshark  Etmopterus lucifer is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found around the world in tropical to temperate seas at depths between 150 and 1250 m. Its length is up to 47 cm or 11⁄2 ft.Blackbelly lanternsharks are ovoviviparous.
 Rhinotyphlops leucocephalus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Africa.
 Mordellistena hollandica is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family in the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1966 by Ermisch.
 Malacoctenus ebisui the Fishgod blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from the Gulf of California to Panama. This species can reach a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) TL.
 Hamitergum eobius is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Shijimia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Sternacanthus picicornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Thomson in 1860.
 Parandrita is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Parandrita aenea Sharp Parandrita capito Grouvelle Parandrita cephalotes LeConte Parandrita deceptor Sharp Parandrita gracilis Sharp Parandrita konae Sharp Parandrita liturata Sharp Parandrita molokaiae Sharp Parandrita perkinsi Sharp Parandrita permixtus Grouvelle Parandrita stipes Sharp↑
 The Cruiser (Vindula erota) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in forested areas of tropical South Asia and Southeast Asia.
 Calliphora stygia commonly known as the brown blowfly or rango tumaro in Māori is a species of blow-fly that is found in Australia and New Zealand. The brown blowfly has a grey thorax and yellow-brown abdomen.The fly can cause the flystrike disease in sheep when the maggots it lays burrow into the sheep's skin.C. stygia adapts well to cold conditions and in winter can be found in Australia as far south as southern Victoria.
 Rawlinsius papillatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Rawlinsius.
 Coleomegilla maculata commonly known as the spotted lady beetle pink spotted lady beetle or twelve-spotted lady beetle is a large coccinellid beetle native to North America. The adults and larvae feed primarily on aphids and the species has been used as a biological control agent.
 Eulimella polita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hypolimnas is a genus of tropical brush-footed butterflies commonly known as eggflies or diadems. The genus contains approximately 23 species most of which are found in Africa Asia and Oceania. One species the Danaid Eggfly (H. misippus) is noted for its exceptionally wide distribution across five continents; it is the only Hypolimnas species found in the Americas.Eggflies are known for their marked sexual dimorphism and Batesian mimicry of poisonous milkweed butterflies (Danainae).
 The big skate (Raja binoculata) is the largest species of skate family Rajidae in the waters off North America. They are found along the Pacific coast from Alaska to Baja California typically from the intertidal zone to a depth of 120 m (390 ft) and feed on benthic invertebrates and small fishes. They are unusual among skates in that their egg cases may contain up to seven eggs each.
 Teretiopsis hyalina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Narceus americanus is a large millipede of eastern North America. Common names include American giant millipede worm millipede and iron worm. It inhabits the eastern seaboard of North America west to Georgetown Texas north of the Ottine swamps. It has a nearly cylindrical gray body reaching a length of 4 inches (100 mm). When threatened they sometimes curl up or release a noxious liquid that contains large amounts of benzoquinones which can cause dermatological burns.
 Platyptilia duneraensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India.
 Odostomia extenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Oxacme cretacea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Taiwan.
 Apterichtus orientalis is a species of snake eel native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where it is known only from the Kii Peninsula in western Japan. It can be found at depths of from 79 to 81 metres (259 to 266 ft) where it occurs on substrates of sand or mud. It can reach a length of 31.8 centimetres (12.5 in) TL (measured from a female specimen).
 The Merry Monarch (1842 – after 1859) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from July 1844 to May 1846 he ran four times and won only one race. That race however was the 1845 Epsom Derby in which he recorded an unexpected victory. After one race in 1846 he was retired to stud where he made no impression as a sire.
 The Western Screech Owl (Megascops kennicottii) is a small owl native to North and Central America closely related to the European Scops owl and the North American Eastern Screech Owl. The scientific name commemorates the American naturalist Robert Kennicott.
 Honora dotella is a species of snout moths in the genus Honora. It was described by Dyar in 1910. It is found in the coastal mountains of California from Monterey County southward.The length of the forewings is 8.5-12.5 mm. The basal area of the forewings is rust red.
 Platyarthridae is a family of woodlice containing the following genera:Cephaloniscus Ferrara & Taiti 1989Echinochaetus Ferrara & Schmalfuss 1983Gerufa Budde-Lund 1909Lanceochaetus Schmalfuss & Ferrara 1978Manibia Barnard 1932Niambia Budde-Lund 1904Papuasoniscus Vandel 1973Platyarthrus Brandt 1833Trichorhina Budde-Lund 1908They are mostly less than 6 millimetres (0.24 in) long and cannot roll into a ball (conglobate).
 Dioptis subalbata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Batrachedra phaneropa is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Chaochiao Frog Rana chaochiaoensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in China possibly Myanmar and possibly Vietnam.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers swamps freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes ponds irrigated land and canals and ditches.It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Volvarina veraguasensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Rüppell's Black Chat (Myrmecocichla melaena) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia.
 Cyanopepla chelidon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Colombia and the Upper Amazon region.
 Ozyptila is a genus of rather small crab spiders.
 Pleurotomella normalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Acrocercops zadocaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 Typhlops leucomelas is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Pamirorea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Exocentrus ritae is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Sama in 1985 and is endemic to Turkey. The beetles inhabit deciduous trees. They measure 3-5 millimetres in length and can live for approximately 1-2 years.
 Odostomia takapunaensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Aporodoris was considered to be a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dorididae.
 Monnea decora is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Monnea.
 Micropterix ibericella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Caradja in 1920. It is known from the Iberian Peninsula.
 Cornu aspersum known by the common name garden snail is a species of land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicidae the typical snails. This species is one of the best-known of all terrestrial molluscs.The species has been placed in the genus Helix in all sources between 1774 and 1988 and in most sources until quite recently.
 Lobogonodes taiwana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Brachytegma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Labeo curchius is fish in genus Labeo. It is endemic to the Salween basin in Asia.
 Homogyna endopyra is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Ectopatria umbrosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Phyllonorycter cavella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe (except Ireland the Iberian Peninsula the Balkan Peninsula and the Mediterranean Islands) east to Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 6–9 mm.The larvae feed on Betula pendula and Betula pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a relatively large lower-surface tentiform mine. The epidermis is strongly folded. Pupation takes place within the mine in a white cocoon.
 The Hypopomidae are a family of fishes in the order Gymnotiformes known as the bluntnose knifefish. They may also be called grass or leaf knifefishes. These fish are not often eaten of little commercial importance rarely kept as aquarium fish and poorly studied; however species in this family may constitute a significant fraction of the biomass in the areas they inhabit.These fish originate from fresh water in Panama and South America.
 Leucania insulicola is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most parts of central western and southern Africa and on the islands of the Indian Ocean.It has a length of approx. 18–20 mm = wingspan around 36-40mm.
 Colophon is a small genus of beetle in the stag beetle family Lucanidae.These beetles are flightless and are endemic to South Africa each restricted to its own mountain range or peak within a range (mostly between 1000–2000 m elevation). Dead specimens are highly prized by beetle collectors.As a result of commercial pressure Colophon beetles have been placed on CITES Schedule II (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species).
 Vermetus intestinalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Trachysmatis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dasysphinx tarsipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Brazil.The forewings are hyaline. The basal area is black to near the middle. The veins are black. The hindwings are black with a large elliptical hyaline patch.
 Eupoecilia dactylota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 AnystidesRed Velvet Mites or Rain Bug are arachnids found in soil litter known for their bright red colours but are often mistaken for spiders. They are active predators as grown adults but early instars are often parasites on insects. It is also called Beer Bahuti in Indian subcontinent.The pattern of stages is shared with that of other members of the Prostigmata: egg pre-larva larva protonymph deutonymph tritonymph and adult (male or female).
 Symphlebia primulina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1914. It is found in Colombia.
 Murray’s Skolly (Thestor murrayi) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from Name Karoo in the West Cape from the Swartberg to the Kammanassie Outeniqua and Tsitsikamma Mountains to the Groot Winterhoekberge and Baviaanskloofberge in the East Cape.The wingspan is 26–28 mm for males and 27–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to January. There is one generation per year.
 Fischer's clawed salamander Onychodactylus fischeri is a lungless salamander found on the Korean Peninsula as well as in the Russian Far East and adjacent regions of China. It is also known as the long-tailed clawed salamander.It has 78 chromosomes in total (27 pairs of microchromosomes six pairs of medium-sized chromosomes and six pairs of large chromosomes).Onychodactylus fischeri is adapted to the upper reaches of small mountain streams.
 Plectrochilus is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.
 Herennia multipuncta commonly known as the ornamental tree trunk spider is a species of spider in the family Nephilidae native to Asia. It exhibits sexual dimorphism the female being much larger than the male. It weaves a small web on the trunk of a tree or the wall of a building and is well camouflaged by its dappled colouration.
 Clinophlebia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Asaphodes aegrota is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to New Zealand.
 GeoSpecies Knowledge Base University of Wisconsin
 Telamoptilia geyeri is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Zimbabwe and South Africa.The larvae feed on Pavonia columella. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large very irregular transparent blotch-mine.
 Bastilla missionarii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is only known from the Tanimbar Islands in Indonesia.
 For the neighbourhood of Bogotá see Modelia (neighbourhood)Modelia is a genus of medium to large sea snails in which the shell has a pearly interior and the snail has a calcareous operculum; marine gastropod mollusks marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Coleophora ballotella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Germany Poland and the Baltic States to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Greece. It has also been recorded from northern and southern Russia.The larvae feed on Ballota nigra Lamium amplexicaule Leonurus Marrubium peregrinum Marrubium vulgare Stachys officinalis and Teucrium chamaedrys. They create a dark brown composite leaf case of 10–12 mm. The rear end is strongly compressed laterally and curved downwards.
 Blue Imperial redirects here. For the wine grape see Cinsaut.The Blue Imperial (Ticherra acte) is a small butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. Its genus Ticherra is monotypic.
 Tawa (pron.:Ta-WAH; named after the Hopi word for the Puebloan sun god) is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Late Triassic period. The discovery of Tawa alongside the relatives of Coelophysis and Herrerasaurus supports the hypothesis that the earliest dinosaurs arose in Gondwana during the Late Triassic period in what is now South America and radiated around the globe from there. The specific name honours Ruth Hall founder of the Ghost Ranch Museum of Paleontology.
 Labbella ajuthiae is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less brackish water pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Ariosoma sereti is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 2004. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Marquesas Islands in the eastern central Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 95-370 metres. Females can reach a maximum total length of 26.5 centimetres.The species epithet was given in honour of Bernard Séret.
 Pseudohemihyalea melas is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1902. It is found in Colombia.
 Mocis diplocyma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including Brazil and French Guiana.
 Seticosta senecta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Xenorhina bouwensi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Perigymnosoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Stonogobiops nematodes the Filament-finned prawn-goby or the black-ray Goby is a species of marine goby native to the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean from the Seychelles to the Philippines and Bali.
 The gayal (Bos frontalis) also known as mithun is a large semi-domesticated bovine distributed in north-eastern India Bangladesh northern Myanmar and in the Yunnan Province of China.In the Adi language gayal are called eso; they are called subu by the Apatani and Nishi tribes or often referred to as mithun.
 Calyptis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Frivaldszkyola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nesopupa alloia is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Bolkonski (foaled 1972) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. Originally trained in Italy the colt moved to England for the 1975 season where he recorded an upset victory over Grundy in the classic 2000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse. He went on to win two other major British races over one mile the St. James's Palace Stakes at Ascot and the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood.
 Chrysotachina amazonica is a species of flies in the genus Chrysotachina of the family Tachinidae.
 Ethopia gigantea is a species of snout moths in the genus Ethopia. It was described by Owada in 1986 and is known from the Philippines.
 The Rayed Bean scientific name Villosa fabalis is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Dilochrosis is a genus of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family Cetoniinae subfamily.
 The Accented hawk (Nephele accentifera) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is common in most habitats throughout the Ethiopian Region excluding Madagascar and the Cape Peninsula.The length of the forewings is 35–42 mm and the wingspan is 79–88 mm. The abdomen is heavily marked with black. The forewings are broad with an evenly curved margin boldly but irregularly marked with dark brown grey and ochreous.
 Turbonilla densesculpturata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Choristella hickmanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetellidae.
 Turbonilla abrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The White-winged Duck or White-winged Wood Duck (Asarcornis scutulata) is a large species of duck formerly placed in the genus Cairina and allied with the dabbling ducks.
 Empriononyx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Otoconcha dimidiata is a species of small air-breathing semi-slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Charopidae.Otoconcha dimidiata is the type species of the genus Otoconcha.
 Pseudoeurycea scandens is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is caves.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Volvarina tunicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Algerites is middle Cretaceous (Cenomanian) anisoceratid ammonoid with a close-coiled adult shell in which the whorls at that stage are in close contact after starting of with openly coiled whorls and in which every rib (a character of the family) has a pair of sharp ventral tubercles.Algerites which is found in North Africa named for the country of Algeria is thought to be derived from Idiohammites also an anisoceratid.
 Mordella sicardi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1942.
 The Sulphur-bearded Spinetail (Cranioleuca sulphurifera) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Noumea spencerensis is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Gracilidris is a genus of dolichoderine ants with nocturnal behaviour; thought to have gone extinct 15-20 million years ago they have been found in Paraguay Brazil and Argentina and were described in 2006.The single existing fossil in Dominican amber makes the genus a Lazarus taxon. The only known extant species Gracilidris pombero nests in small colonies in the soil. These ants have been described only very recently and little is known about them.
 Emarginula decorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Pyrrhidivalva is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Benjaminiola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Castor californicus is an extinct species of beaver that lived in western North America from the end of the Miocene to the early Pleistocene. The species was similar to but larger than the living species Castor canadensis.
 Latirus carpentariensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eisenia is a genus of earthworm.
 Bicavernaria is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Alucita nephelotoxa is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in India (Assam).
 Cheneya is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 Ambohitanyela is a genus of flat bug which contains a single species: Ambohitanyela yuripopovi from Madagascar.
 Helcogrammoides cunninghami known commonly as the Cunningham's triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogrammoides. It was described by Smitt in 1898.
 Agia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Acasis.
 Boarmacaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Altagonum japenox is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.
 Parachaetolopha turbinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The Black-necked Crane (Grus nigricollis) is a medium-sized crane in Asia that breeds on the Tibetan Plateau and winters mainly in remote parts of India and Bhutan. It is 139 cm (55 in) long with a 235 cm (7.8 ft) wingspan and it weighs 5.5 kg (12 lbs). It is whitish-gray with a black head red crown patch black upper neck and legs and white patch to the rear of the eye. It has black primaries and secondaries. Both sexes are similar. Some populations are known to make seasonal movements.
 Deudorix livia the Pomegranate Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad Sudan Uganda Kenya Tanzania Somalia Djibouti Yemen Saudi Arabia Oman Egypt and the eastern Mediterranean including Greece. The habitat consists of savanna including arid savanna.It is a somewhat migratory species. The larvae feed on Punica granatum Eriobotrya japonica Acacia Phoenix Allium Psidium Gardenia and Lycopersicum species.
 Ilisha africana called the West African ilisha is a species of longfin herring native to the coasts lagoons and estuaries of western Africa from Senegal to Angola. It prefers shallow waters and is unlikely to be found below 25 m. Some individuals can reach 30 cm with the average closer to 18 cm. The species is commercially fished with 32815 t landed in 2008.
 Meteugoa ochrivena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas Taiwan and on Borneo and Bali. The habitat consists of lower montane forests hill dipterocarp forests and lowland forests.
 Calcaritermes is a genus of termites in the Kalotermitidae family.
 Commatarcha quaestrix is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1938. It is found in southern China and Japan.
 Archostemata is the smallest suborder of beetles consisting of fewer than fifty known species organized into five families. Archostemata is an ancient lineage with a number of primitive characteristics. They are similar in morphology to the first beetles which appear in the fossil record approximately 250 million years ago. Antennae may be thread-shaped (filiform) or like a string of beads (or moniliform).
 Eudalaca amphiarma is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Mallaspis scutellaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Mallaspis.
 Agdistis malleana is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa and Swaziland.
 Plicopurpura pansa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Merulempista jucundella is a species of snout moths in the genus Merulempista. It was described by Chrétien in 1911 and is known from Algeria (including Biskra the type location).
 Antispila orbiculella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Kuroko in 1961. It is found in Japan (Kyushu and Yakushima).The wingspan is 4-4.5 mm. The forewings are dark bronzy-fuscous with reddish reflections. The basal area is shining leaden-bronze. The markings are silvery-metallic with yellowish or bluish reflections. The hindwings are pale fuscous with feeble purplish lusters. Adults appear from mid June to the beginning of July.
 Myopsyche victorina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Plötz in 1880. It is found in Cameroon.
 Glyptoteles is a genus of small moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. A single species is recognized Glyptoteles leucacrinella. It is found in most of Europe except Great Britain Ireland Fennoscandia Portugal and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The caterpillars of G. leucacrinella have been noted for the unusual food they may eat – vegetable remains and dry leaves.Otherwise they feed on alder trees (Alnus).
 Geitoneura is a genus of nymphalid butterflies commonly known as Xenicas. The genus contains 3 species.
 Bathyliotina nakayasui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 Mesembreuxoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Liotiidae is a family of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Hemileuca is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Peripatopsidae is one of the two living velvet worm families.
 Mastacembelus plagiostomus is a species of fish in the Mastacembelidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Centruroides barbudensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Tylotiella isibopho is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Apamea illyria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in much of Europe western Siberia Turkey and the Caucasus.The wingspan is 31–36 mm. Adults are on wing May to July.The larvae feed on Calamagrostis Dactylis and Deschampsia species as well as Milium effusum.
 Laricobius osakensis is a species of Derodontid beetle native to Japan. Described in 2011 it feeds exclusively on hemlock woolly adelgid (Adelges tsugae) an invasive species that is destroying huge numbers of hemlock trees in eastern North America. It has shown promise as a biological control agent in field trials.
 Anthidium edwardsii is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Erlandiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Erlandia and the following species: Erlandia inopinata Aurivillius 1904 Erlandia mexicana Noguera & Chemsak 2001↑
 The Chisoya Sphinx (Sphinx chisoya) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from tropical and subtropical lowlands from southern Texas to Mexico.The wingspan is 70-82 mm. The forewing upperside is dark grey to bluish grey with narrow black streaks. The posterior margin of the discal cell is marked by a dark line. There is a dark wavy submarginal line which is made more prominent by a light grey band distal to it. The hindwing upperside is dark grey with two diffuse light grey bands.
 Cybister explanatus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae.The adults of this species are edible and are eaten roasted and as a taco filling in Mexico.
 The Springwater Dancer (Argia plana) is a damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae.
 Prunum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.The separation between the genera Prunum and Volvarina is not very precise. They form together a monophyletic clade. The differences between these two genera are based on differences in the morphology of the shell the radula the radular cartilage the mantle and the internal anatomy. A rather arbitrary criterion is currently used to distinguish between the two genera.
 Chelidonichthys capensis the Cape Gurnard is a species of sea robin native to the Western Indian Ocean where they occur at depths of from 10–390 metres (33–1280 ft) and in such countries as Mozambique and Namibia. The species is 75 centimetres (30 in) TL in length and lives maximum to the age of 16. This species is of commercial importance as a food fish.
 Labidochromis caeruleus is a species of cichlid endemic to the central western coastal region of Lake Malawi in East Africa. It is also known as lemon yellow lab the blue streak hap the electric yellow or yellow prince depending on the colour morph. A naturally occurring yellow-coloured variant from Lion's Cove is one of the most popular cichlids amongst aquarium hobbyists.
 Buchanan (1881 – c.1898) was an American thoroughbred racehorse and was the winner of the 1884 Kentucky Derby Ripple Stakes and Clark Stakes. Buchanan had not achieved a race win before competing in the Kentucky Derby and by contemporary accounts was a difficult and unruly mount.
 Itardiornis is an extinct genus of the family Messelornithidae from late Eocene and early Oligocene. Only one species is descript Itardiornis hessae from Quercy fissure fillings.
 Stenalia longipennis is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1952 by Ermisch.
 Manaria canetae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Homoeosoma basalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Rothschild in 1921. It is found in Niger.
 The Pale-flecked Garden Sunskink or Common Garden Skink (Lampropholis guichenoti) is a small common skink often seen in suburban gardens in Melbourne Perth Sydney and Brisbane in Australia but are common across most of Southern Australia and some of New South Wales.
 The Otago skink Oligosoma otagense is an endangered species of large skink of the family Scincidae found in the central Otago region of New Zealand.
 Zelippistes is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Capulidae the cap snails. This genus was previously placed in the family Trichotropidae.
 Pseudopostega acidata is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is known from the Rio Grand Valley of southern Texas and southern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 2.7–4.1 mm. Adults have been recorded in June (in Ecuador) and from September to November (in southern Texas).
 Ectopsocus petersi is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. The species are Brownish-orange coloured and is similar to Ectopsocus briggsi.
 Hibbertia is a genus of trilobites. A new species H. aodiensis was described from the late Ordovician of China by Dong-Chan Lee in 2012.
 Lachnocnema brimoides is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Tanzania Malawi (Mount Mlanje) Zambia the eastern highlands of Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
 Rhamphochromis esox is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers open waters at depths of from 2 to 65 metres (6.6 to 213.3 ft). This fish is s piscivore. This species can reach a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Afrokona is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Splendrillia benthicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Brachymeria is a genus of parasitic wasp in the family Chalcididae. A large number of species are known all of them parasites of insect larvae. They have elbowed antenna and have a typically enlarged femur (thigh) segment on the high legs. The female typically lays eggs inside the larva of a Lepidopteran using its ovipositor. Although mostly parasitic on lepidoptera a few are hyperparasites parasites of parasitic hymenoptera and diptera. The adult parasites emerge typically from the pupa.
 Eleutherodactylus pentasyringos is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Kerr's Noctuid Moth (Agrotis kerri) was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It is now extinct.This moth was endemic to the French Frigate Shoals Outlying Hawaiian Islands United States.The larvae have been recorded on Boerhaavia tetrandra and Poriulaca oleracea. The caterpillar had a length of about 50 mm when full-grown.
 Heterodoxa fatuhivae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Heterodoxa of the family Tephritidae.
 The Manicoré Warbling Antbird (Hypocnemis rondoni) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cephalopsetta ventrocellatus is a species of large-tooth flounder native to the Indian Ocean from the Gulf of Oman in the west to the Andaman Sea in the east. Little else is known about this species. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Orthophyia longa is a prehistoric proteid salamander from the Miocene of Europe. It is now extinct. Its modern relatives include the olm and the mudpuppies.
 Nanobagrus immaculatus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia where it is found in the Kahayan River drainage of southern Borneo. It grows to a length of 2.9 cm and has a uniformly dark body with no markings.
 Hesperomiza is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Lemon Bud Moth (Prays parilis) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales and Queensland) New Zealand and the Cook Islands.The larvae feed on the flowers of lemon trees and can cause fruit to become misshapen and deformed. The larvae are yellowish to reddish-brown in colour and grow up to 10 mm in length. They are most commonly found within the buds of unopened lemon flowers.
 The Small Mouse-tailed Bat (Rhinopoma muscatellum) is a species of bat in the Rhinopomatidae family. It is found in Afghanistan Iran Oman and possibly Ethiopia. Mouse tailed bats have a wingspan of 17–25 cm a body length of 6–8 cm and a tail the same length as its body. Their diet is flying insects which they eat whilst flying.
 Asura compsodes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (northern Queensland)Adults are black with a bold pattern of yellow spots.
 Ecsenius stigmatura is a Blenny from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. A coppery-coloured fish with a distinct blackish spot at the base of the tail. It has some vibrant colors below the eye which can be made bright pink if threatened. It grows to a size of 6 cm in length.
 The Valerian Pug (Eupithecia valerianata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Great Britain through central Europe to Russia and northern Iran.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid April to August.The larvae feed on Valeriana officinalis species. Larvae can be found from June to September. It overwinters as a pupa.
 Fusus blainvillii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Trichaeta aurantiobasis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Papua where it is only known from Fakfak.
 Probarbus labeamajor is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Cambodia Laos and Thailand.
 Coptotriche forsteroniae is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Stonis and Diškus in 2008. It is found in Belize.The larvae feed on Forsteronia myriantha. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Melese peruviana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Ornithonyssus bacoti bacoti is a hematophagous parasite commonly referred to as the tropical rat mite. They feed only on blood and serum from many hosts. They can be found and cause disease on rats and wild rodents most commonly but also small mammals and humans when other hosts are scarce. Outbreaks tend to occur in older less maintained buildings.
 Schizothorax nepalensis is a cyprinid fish species of the genus Schizothorax. The Nepalese snowtrout was first collected in 1979 in the alpine fresh water Rara Lake located in Nepal's Rara National Park.
 Saitis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The 30 recognized species are spread worldwide.
 Homatula is a genus of stone loaches endemic to China.
 Prays amblystola is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Eupleridae is a family of carnivorans endemic to Madagascar and comprising 10 known living species in seven genera. Probably the best known species is the fossa (Cryptoprocta ferox) in the subfamily Euplerinae.
 Turritella dura is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Exoncotis umbraticella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Panama and French Guiana.
 Northern Taste (1971–2004) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in France and who became one of the most successful and influential leading sires in Japanese racing history. [1]
 Buccinum hydrophanum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Typhlops kraalii is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Chiromachla pallescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Comoros and Madagascar.
 Calliotropis pelseneeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.Subspecies Calliotropis pelseneeri pelseneeri Cernohorsky 1977 Calliotropis pelseneeri rossiana Dell 1990 (species inquirenda)↑
 Poliobotys ablactalis is a moth of the Crambidae family.It occurs throughout south-east Asia including Réunion Australia Hong Kong and Africa (Kenya Senegal South Africa).
 Papilio gigon is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found from Indonesia to the Philippines.The wingspan is 120–130 mm.The larvae feed on Citrus species and Euodia latifolia Euodia roxburghiana and Glycosmis pentaphylla.
 The White-banded Swallowtail (Papilio echerioides) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Subsaharan Africa.The wingspan is 65–75 mm. Has two flight periods from January to March and September to November.The larvae feed on Clausena inaequalis Toddalia lanceolata Toddalia asiatica Zanthoxylum capense Zanthoxylum delagoense Vepris lanceolata and Citrus spp.
 The White-collared Manakin (Manacus candei) is a passerine bird in the manakin family. It is a resident breeder in the tropical New World from southeastern Mexico to Costa Rica and the extreme west of Panama.It occurs in the lowlands and foothills of the Caribbean slope up to 700 m being replaced on the Pacific slopes of Costa Rica and Panama by the closely related Orange-collared (M. aurantiacus) and Golden-collared (M.
 The Stresemann's Rosefinch or Pink-rumped Rosefinch (Carpodacus eos) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in China and Thailand. Its natural habitat is temperate grassland.
 Notropis oxyrhynchus is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. Its common name is the sharpnose shiner. It is endemic to Texas in the United States where it is limited to the Brazos River basin. In 2013 it became a candidate for federal listing as an endangered species of the United States.
 Cancellaria is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Bellator egretta the streamer searobin is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean. This fish reaches a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) TL.
 Macroglossum sitiene is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka eastern India Bangladesh Myanmar Thailand southern China Taiwan southern Japan (the Ryukyu Archipelago) Vietnam Malaysia (Peninsular) and Indonesia (Sumatra).The wingspan is 46–56 mm. Adults are attracted to Duranta erecta and Lantana camara blossoms.
 Saliana chiomara is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Panama to Brazil (Pará Amazonas).
 Neasura buruana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1929. It is found on Buru.
 Dercas is a genus of butterfly in the Pieridae family found in southeast Asia.
 The Pink-spotted Swallowtail (Papilio rogeri) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in central and southern Mexico. One stray has been reported from the lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas.
 Colpospira circumligata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Phyllonorycter grewiaephilos is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in the Rift Valley and Tsavo National Park in Kenya. The habitat consists of savannah areas at altitudes between 470 and 920 meters.The length of the forewings is 2.7–2.9 mm. The forewing are elongate and the ground colour is ochreous brown with white markings. The hindwings are dirty white with a slight golden shine. Adults are on wing from early February to mid-April.The larvae feed on Grewia villosa.
 Pollex angustiae is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewing is narrow and light brown. The hindwing is unicolorous light brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous light brown.
 The Rufous-tailed Xenops (Microxenops milleri) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Acrobasis coryliella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Dyar in 1908 and is known from the eastern United States.The is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Corylus species. The larvae construct a frass tube on the undersurface of a leaf of the host plant. Pupation takes place in a pupal chamber which is constructed at the end of the tube.
 Freya is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). All except one species occur in Central and South America. F. dyali is only found in Pakistan; it is very likely that this results from taxonomic error. This distribution artifact is very similar to that of the genus Jollas where also one species is found in Pakistan and all others in Central to South America.
 Dolichovespula maculata is a North American wasp commonly called the bald-faced hornet white-faced hornet white-tailed hornet blackjacket or bull wasp. Its well-known features include its hanging paper nests and the females' habit of defending them with repeated stings.
 Owen's Larch Looper or Owen's Angle Moth (Macaria oweni) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Newfoundland to west-central Alberta south in the east to northern New England.The wingspan is about 23 mm. Adults are on wing from June to mid July in Alberta. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Larix laricina.
 Parallelodontidae is a family of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks that are related to the ark clams. This family contains at least four genera.
 Belvosia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Fernando Po Batis (Batis poensis) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.It is endemic to Equatorial Guinea.
 The Golden-rumped Flowerpecker (Dicaeum annae) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Mordellistena subdiscoidalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Chobaut in 1924.
 Dahira hoenei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Mell in 1937. It is known from Shaanxi and Sichuan in China.
 Hephestion (foaled 1807) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1810. The rest of his racing career was undistinguished as he recorded only four other victories in minor contests from a total of eighteen competitive races. He does not appear to have found a place at stud as a breeding stallion.
 Harutaeographa marpha is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal and the Himalaya.
 Dasumia chyzeri is a spider species from Eastern Europe.
 The Lovely-haired Rat (Taeromys callitrichus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Herochroma rosulata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Hainan).The length of the forewings is 24–25 mm.
 Arractocetus is a genus of beetles in the family Lymexylidae containing the following species: Arractocetus aspoecki (Paulus 2004) Arractocetus monticola Kurosawa 1985 Arractocetus nipponicus (Nakane 1985)↑
 The Southern Leopard Frog (Lithobates sphenocephalus) is a species of mostly aquatic true frog found in the south-eastern third of the United States. There are two accepted subspecies.
 Dysspastus perpygmaeella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 9–10 mm. The forewings are stone-grey thickly sprinkled with pale greyish fuscous scaling. The hindwings are dull grey.
 Stenocephalemys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species all of which are found in or near Ethiopia: Ethiopian White-footed Mouse (Stenocephalemys albipes) Ethiopian Narrow-headed Rat (Stenocephalemys albocaudata) Gray-tailed Narrow-headed Rat (Stenocephalemys griseicauda) Rupp's Mouse (Stenocephalemys ruppi)
 The Makira flying fox (Pteropus cognatus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus found in the Solomon Islands. The species is currently decreasing and is endangered due to threats from logging and hunting.
 The Cape mountain toad or Rose's mountain toad (Capensibufo rosei) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to South Africa.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sypharochiton pelliserpentis is a species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
 Danaphos is an oceanic ray-finned fish genus which belongs in the family Sternoptychidae. A common name is bottlelights.
 The ornate narrow-mouthed frog or ornamented pygmy frog (Microhyla ornata) is a species of microhylid frog found in South Asia. This amphibian is distributed in Kashmir Nepal peninsular India and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
 The Peruvian skate (Bathyraja peruana) is a large skate found in the southeast Pacific Ocean off the coasts of Peru Ecuador and Chile. It can grow to an estimated 1.1 metres (3 ft 7 in) total length and 1.25 m (4 ft 1 in) across. It is known to be a deepwater species; the holotype was caught at a depth of 908 m (2979 ft) and is generally found at depths of 600–1100 m (2000–3600 ft). Very little is known about its biology.
 Trichromia hampsoni is a species of moth from the Arctiidae family that is found in French Guyana Amazonas Venezuela and Bolivia.
 Aedophron rhodites is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern Mediterranean including the Balkans through Ukraine and Moldova to central Asia.It is found on dry steppes and semi-deserts in Eurasia. It is more common in central Asian oases.
 Echidgnathia vitrifasciata is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Somalia and Zimbabwe.
 Euglandina radula is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Gymnobela oculifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The collared pika (Ochotona collaris) is small (~160 gram) alpine lagomorph that lives in boulder fields of central and southern Alaska (U.S.) and in parts of Canada including northern British Columbia Yukon and western parts of the Northwest Territories. It is closely related to the American pika (O. princeps).
 Zekelita ravalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Near East and Middle East Kazakstan Kirghizia Pakistan Afghanistan Egypt Bahrain and the Levant.Adults are on the wing all year round. There are multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on Alhagi species.
 Turbonilla singularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The sigmoid prominent (Clostera albosigma) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found from Newfoundland west to Vancouver Island north to the Great Slave Lake and the Northwest Territories and south to at least Missouri.The wingspan is 28–38 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Poplar and Willow.
 Mesorhynchaglaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aborolabis emarginata is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 Phyllonorycter nipigon is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is widespread across northern North America from Ontario to Alaska south to Colorado and the Sierra Nevada of California.The length of the forewings is 3.4-4.4 mm. Adults are on wing from late July to late October in one generation.The larvae feed on Populus balsamifera Populus angustifolia Populus fremontii Populus nigra and Populus tremuloides. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Milesiini (or Xylotini) is a large and diverse tribe of hoverflies.
 Pseudophoxinus kervillei is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Israel Jordan Lebanon and Syria.Its natural habitats are rivers intermittent rivers and freshwater lakes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Opsirhina is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Hylomantis hulli is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dipetalogaster a genus of Triatominae the kissing bugs has only a single species Dipetalogaster maxima which is found in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. The blood-sucking Dipetalogaster live in crevices in the rocks and feed on lizards.Dipetalogaster is routinely infected by the Chagas disease parasite Trypanosoma cruzi.
 The Coccidulinae are a subfamily of ladybirds in the family Coccinellidae.
 Hauffenia minuta is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is found in France and Switzerland.
 Caphys bilineata is a species of snout moth. It was described by Stoll in 1781. It is found in much of South America including Surinam Honduras the West Indies Venezuela and Brazil.The larvae have been recorded in the nests of Aratinga pertinax.
 Chrysocentris costella is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from La Réunion.
 The southern muriqui Brachyteles arachnoides is a muriqui (woolly spider monkey) species endemic to Brazil. It is found in the Brazilian states of Paraná São Paulo Rio de Janeiro Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais. This New World monkey is known locally as mono carvoeiro which translates to charcoal monkey.Muriquis are the largest New World monkeys and largest non-human native primates in the Americas.
 Sevenia boisduvali is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family and commonly known as Boisduval’s Tree Nymph. There are four subspecies; all native to Africa.
 Spiralisigna pseudofluctuosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Scabricola barrywilsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Amata hesperitis is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia.
 Parachlorissa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bicavernaria henicodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Cerithiopsidella is a genus of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Bartsch in 1911.
 Ateuchosaurus is a genus of skinks (family Scincidae) containing only 2 species. It is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae. This group seems to be paraphyletic however and the present genus is apparently not closely related to most or all of them.
 Kizylkuma is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Digitivalvopsis paradoxa is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1982. It is found in Japan and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Lutica is a genus of zodariid spiders that occurs only in North America on both the mainland California coast and the Channel Islands. Lutica abalonea is known from the coast west of Oxnard California Lutica clementea is known from San Clemente Island Lutica maculata is known from Santa Rosa Island and Lutica nicolasia is known from San Nicolas Island.
 Candalides riuensis is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Tite in 1963. It is found on the Louisiade Archipelago.
 The Wattle Miner (Acrocercops alysidota) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales Queensland Victoria Southern Australia and Western Australia as well as New Zealand.The wingspan is about 8 mm. Adults have a fringe along the trailing edge of each wing. The fore wings have light and dark chevron markings while the hind wings are golden brown.The larvae feed on Acacia longifolia Acacia melanoxylon Acacia pycnantha and Acacia saligna.
 Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus the red Irish lord (US) or bullhead is a species of fish in the family Cottidae. It is found in the northern Pacific ocean from Russia to Alaska and as far south as Monterey Bay.
 Moggridgea terrestris is a spider species in the genus Moggridgea. It is found in South Africa.
 Barbour's tree frog Leptopelis barbouri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tyspanodes striata is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Japan and Taiwan.The wingspan is 26–32 mm.
 Carlarius heudelotii is also known as the Smoothmouth sea catfish.
 Tharrhias is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Clathrodrillia interpleura is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Africallagma elongatum is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Angola Kenya Mozambique Somalia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi possibly Ethiopia and possibly Malawi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers marshes springs and other wetlands.
 Anthidium loboguerrero is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Chapman's Bristle Tyrant (Phylloscartes chapmani) also known as Chapman's Tyrannulet is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Scopula ochreofusa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Callidium leechi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Linsley in 1963.
 The common krait (Bungarus caeruleus also known as Indian krait or blue krait) is a species of genus Bungarus found in the jungles of the Indian subcontinent. It is a member of the big four species inflicting the most snakebites in India.
 Glaucostola is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The White-faced Plover (Charadrius alexandrinus dealbatus) is a subspecies of the Kentish Plover (Charadrius alexandrinus) found in Thailand Malaysia and Singapore. The bird resembles the Kentish Plover with which it has been much confused.
 The Large Blue Emperor Large Blue Charaxes or Divebomber Charaxes (Charaxes bohemani) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in eastern and southern Africa.The wingspan is 65–75 mm in males and 78–95 mm in females. Their flight period is year-round.
 Noctileptura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Noctileptura seriata Chemsak & Linsley 1984 Noctileptura squamosa Chemsak & Linsley 1984↑
 Khoratpithecus chiangmuanensis is a species of prehistoric orangutan from the Middle Miocene of Thailand.
 Osteochilus longidorsalis is a species of fish in the Cyprinid family. It is only found in Chalakudy River and Periyar River in Kerala India.
 The Sabine Albatross or Albatross White Appias sabina is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found in Africa. The habitat consists of forests.The wingspan is 44–55 millimetres (1.7–2.2 in) for males and 44–53 mm (1.7–2.1 in) for females. Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Drypetes gerrardi Drypetes ugandensis Ritchiea fragrans Phyllanthus and Boscia species
 Baptodoris phinei is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 The sable (Martes zibellina) is a species of marten which inhabits forest environments primarily in Russia from the Ural Mountains throughout Siberia eastern Kazakhstan northern Mongolia China North and South Korea and Hokkaidō in Japan. Its range in the wild originally extended through European Russia to Poland and Scandinavia. It has historically been harvested for its highly valued fur which remains a luxury good to this day.
 The Cuatro Ciénegas softshell (Apalone spinifera atra) also called the black spiny softshell is a subspecies of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family. It was formerly classified in the genus Trionyx.
 Endoclita punctimargo is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Sikkim.
 Hamodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Alpenus investigatorum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Karsch in 1898. It is found in Ethiopia Somalia Kenya Uganda Tanzania Mozambique Malawi Angola and Ghana.The larvae feed on Bigonia Carica papaya Commelina Aster Bidens pilosa Cosmos Dahlia Galinsoga parviflora Zinnia Ipomoea batates Brassica oleracea Ricinus Zea mays Gossypium Morus Boerhavia Arachis hypogaea Russelia juncea and Nicotiana tabacum.
 Ceromitia heteroloba is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Cedar Waxwing (Bombycilla cedrorum) is a member of the family Bombycillidae or waxwing family of passerine birds. It is a medium sized mostly brown gray and yellow bird named for its wax-like wing tips. It is a native of North and Central America breeding in open wooded areas in southern Canada and wintering in the southern half of the United States Central America and the far northwest of South America. Its diet includes cedar cones fruit and insects.
 Staphyliniformia is a large infraorder of beetles. It contains over 60000 described species from all regions of the world. Most species occur in moist habitats - various kinds of rotting plant debris fungi dung carrion many live in fresh water.
 Pisania truncatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Slender duckbill eel (Hoplunnis punctata) is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Charles Tate Regan in 1915.
 Millar’s Buff (Deloneura millari) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa Swaziland and Mozambique. The habitat consists of coastal bush and moist savanna.The wingspan is 23–27 mm for males and 24–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to October and from March to May. There are two generations per year.The larvae possibly feed on Cyanobacteria species.
 Zatrephes magnifenestra is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bryk in 1953. It is found in Brazil.
 The coastal cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarki clarki) also known as the sea run cutthroat or harvest trout is one of 14 subspecies of cutthroat trout found in Western North America. The coastal cutthroat trout occurs in four distinct forms. A semi-anadromous or sea-run form is the most well known. Freshwater forms occur in both large and small rivers and streams and lake environments.
 The Square-barred Bell (Epinotia tetraquetrana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from most of Europe east to the Near East and the eastern part of Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 12–16 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May.The young larvae bore into the stem of Betula and Alnus species. Later they feed within a folded leaf.
 Eudocima iridescens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in large parts of the world including Australia New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.The wingspan is about 90 mm.The larvae feed on Menispermaceae species including Pycnarrhena novoguineensis. It is considered a pest on citrus and other fruit which it damages by piercing the fruit with its proboscis in order to suck the juice.
 Hartweg's Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa hartwegi) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The mourning gecko or common smooth-scaled gecko (Lepidodactylus lugubris) is a species of gecko. This small (10.5 cm total length) nocturnal gecko feeds on small insects and flower nectar. This species is notable because it is parthenogenic and there are no remaining males that have been found. Females engage in pseudocopulation stimulating both to produce viable eggs. These eggs are adhered to surfaces in protected locations.
 Aradoidea is a superfamily of true bugs. The Piesmatidae usually placed in the Lygaeoidea might also belong here.
 The Mysterious Bird of Bobairo named as such by Errol Fuller is a bird in the family Paradisaeidae that is presumed to be an intergeneric hybrid between a Black Sicklebill and Superb Bird of Paradise. Only one adult male specimen is known of this bird and is held in the Netherlands National Museum of Natural History in Leiden. It derives from Bobairo near Enarotali on Lake Paniai in the Weyland Mountains of Western New Guinea.
 Louisproutia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bourbonnella is an extinct genus of fish in the family Aeduellidae.
 Schizothorax labrosus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Comactinia is a genus of crinoids characteristically with 10 arms belonging to the family Comasteridae. There are three described species two from the western Atlantic and one Comactinia titan recently described from the western Pacific.
 Tropheops is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi.
 Coptotriche heinemanni is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 8-9.5 mm.The larvae feed on Agrimonia eupatoria Agrimonia procera Rubus caesius Rubus fruticosus Rubus idaeus and Rubus laciniatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large transparent upper-surface blotch. The frass is ejected through a small opening in the underside of the mine.
 Aglaocrinus is an extinct species of crinoidea in the Cladia order. It has been proposed that it was a blind stationary (attached) suspension feeder the hard parts of which were composed of magnesium calcite. It has been discovered in 3 locations in North America.
 Turbonilla verecunda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Stylasteridae is a family of cnidarians within the class Hydrozoa.
 Gymnotocinclus anosteos is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil found in the Tocantinzinho River in the Tocantins River basin. It is the only species in the genus Gymnotocinclus.This species is unusual among the loricariidae due to its extremely reduced armor plates that are characteristic of the family giving the fish a relatively naked body. This fish probably has a basal position in the subfamily Hypoptopomatinae. This species grows to a length of 4.4 centimetres (1.7 in) SL.
 Xerocrassa geyeri is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae. It is also often known as Trochoidea geyeri.
 Parasphaerichthys is a genus of gouramies known only from Myanmar.
 Leptostylus viriditinctus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Calliergis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cyranichthys ornatissimus (very ornate horned fish) is an extinct marine aulopiform fish from the Cenomanian epoch of what is now the Kipala formation in the Congo.The living animal would have had a gar-like or saury-like appearance though its closest living relatives are lancetfish and lizardfish.
 Eulima bipartita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The flaccid catshark Apristurus exsanguis is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found only around New Zealand aAlthough this species' collection records indicate it is widespread and probably continuously distributed over the mid- to lower slope around New Zealand. The biology of all Apristurus species within the New Zealand Exclusive Economic Zone is very poorly known due to the uncertain taxonomy of the group.
 The markhor (Capra falconeri; Pashto: مرغومی‎ marǧūmay; Persian/Urdu: مارخور) is a large species of wild goat that is found in northeastern Afghanistan northern Pakistan (Gilgit-Baltistan and northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) some parts of Azad Kashmir and Indian Kashmir southern Tajikistan and southern Uzbekistan. The species is classed by the IUCN as Endangered as there are fewer than 2500 mature individuals and the numbers have continued to decline by an estimated 20% over two generations.
 Lasionycta phaea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is an arctic species and has been collected from Baffin Island in north-eastern Canada to the central Brooks Range in northern Alaska and southward along the west coast of Hudson Bay to Arviat Nunavut.Adults are diurnal and occur on wet tundra. Adults are on wing from late June to mid-July.
 Kroon’s Flat or Kroon’s Skipper (Calleagris krooni) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in South Africa it is only known from Afromontane forests of Mpumalanga.The wingspan is 43–45 mm (1.7–1.8 in) for males and 47–51 mm (1.9–2.0 in) for females. There is one generation in late summer with peaks from February to April.
 Halichoeres is a genus of wrasses found in the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Tripteridia decens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Neomordellistena maculipennis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1950 by Ermisch.
 Lobogenesis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Autochton is a genus of skipper butterflies. They belong to the subfamily Eudaminae which was long included with the spread-winged skippers (Pyrginae) as a tribe. They are found from Mexico to South America.
 Conchitella clivinoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Conchitella.
 Pantylus is an extinct lepospondyl amphibian from the Permian period of North America.Pantylus was probably a largely terrestrial animal judging from its well-built legs. It was about 25 centimetres (10 in) long and resembled a lizard with a large skull and short limbs. It had numerous blunt teeth and probably chased after invertebrate prey.
 Anomalopus is the genus of worm-skinks smallish smooth-scaled burrowing skinks (family Scincidae) from the eastern half of Australia. It belongs to a clade in the Sphenomorphus group which contains such genera as Ctenotus and the close relatives Eulamprus and Gnypetoscincus (Austin & Arnold 2006).
 Leucosyrinx archibenthalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Eomyidae is a family of extinct rodents from North America and Eurasia related to modern day pocket gophers and kangaroo rats. They are known from the Middle Eocene to the Late Miocene in North America and from the Late Eocene to the Pleistocene in Eurasia. Eomyids are generally small but occasionally large and tend to be squirrel-like in form and habits.
 Oenomaus isabellae is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in wet and dry lowland forests in French Guiana Colombia eastern Ecuador Peru Bolivia and Brazil.
 Coleophora indefinitella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Kentucky.
 Eligmodermini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Acanthoibidion Acanthoibidion chevrolatii (White 1855) Genus Alienus Alienus curiosus Galileo & Martins 2010 Genus Eligmoderma Eligmoderma aragua Martins & Galileo 2009 Eligmoderma convexicolle Aurivillius 1923 Eligmoderma ibidionoides Thomson 1864 Eligmoderma minuta Martins & Galileo 2009 Eligmoderma politum Nonfried 1895 Eligmoderma trifasciatum Aurivillius 1923 Eligmoderma ziczac Nonfried 1895 Genus Limozota Limozota virgata Pascoe 1866 Genus Tucanti Tucanti plumicornis Martins & Galileo 2009↑
 Peipiaosteus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish closely related to living sturgeon and paddlefish. Its fossils are found in the Early Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation Pani Lake Liaoning Province China.
 The Thinlip conger (Gnathophis mystax also known as the Blacktailed conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by François Étienne Delaroche in 1809 originally under the genus Muraena. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from the eastern Atlantic Ocean including southern Portugal the Mediterranean and Morocco. It dwells at a depth range of 75-800 metres and inhabits mud and sand on the continental slope.
 Garaeus specularis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from India to Japan.The wingspan is 35–40 mm for ssp. specularis and 28–39 mm for ssp. mactans.
 Acrogenys is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Acrogenys centralis Baehr 1992 Acrogenys demarzi Baehr 1984 Acrogenys hirsuta Macleay 1864 Acrogenys jabiruensis Baehr 2001 Acrogenys laticollis Baehr 1984 Acrogenys longicollis Gestro 1875 Acrogenys lucai Baehr 2001 Acrogenys sumlin Baehr 2001↑
 Visayax is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Visayax estampadori Mendoza & Ng 2008 Visayax osteodictyon Mendoza & Ng 2008↑
 Cymothoe ogova the Elegant Red Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.Males are attracted to fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Rinorea species.
 Mictochroa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Negros Forest Frog (Platymantis negrosensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia vesiculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Western Quail-thrush (Cinclosoma marginatum) is a species of bird in the Cinclosomatidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Itatsina praticola is a species of spider in the Liocranidae family. It is found in China Korea and Japan and was first described by Friedrich Wilhelm Bösenberg and Embrik Strand in 1906.
 Vertigo pygmaea common name the crested vertigo is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 Hoplophanes niphochalca is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Nothobranchius rubripinnis is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitats are rivers and swamps.
 Scolopsis bilineata the two-lined monocle bream is a species of threadfin bream native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. An inhabitant of coral reefs this species can be found at depths of from 1 to 25 metres (3.3 to 82.0 ft). They are carnivorous preying on smaller fishes as well as benthic invertebrates. This species can reach a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) TL though most only reach a length of around 13 centimetres (5.1 in) SL.
 Chicoreus rossiteri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eleutherodactylus quinquagesimus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Venus girdle Cestum veneris is a comb jelly in the family Cestidae. It is the only member of its genus Cestum.
 The Kollegal Ground Gecko (Geckoella collegalensis) is a species of gecko found in India and Sri Lanka.
 Mordella guttatipennis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1927.
 Karacidaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Hydriomena.
 Advena campbelli was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae. This species was endemic to Norfolk Island; it is now extinct.
 Ceratiocaris is a genus of paleozoic phyllocarid crustaceans. They are typified by eight short thoracic segments seven longer abdominal somites and an elongated pretelson somite. Their carapace is slightly oval shaped; they have many ridges parallel to the ventral margin and possess a horn at the anterior end.
 Conus beatrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Samar Hornbill (Penelopides samarensis) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family. It is found in forests on the islands of Samar Calicoan Leyte and Bohol in the east-central Philippines. As is the case with all Philippine tarictic hornbills it has been considered a subspecies of P. panini. Alternatively it is considered a subspecies of P. affinis.In captivity Walsrode Bird Park is the only place where the bird can be seen outside the Philippines. They have one male.
 Irish Elegance (7 March 1915– February 1940) was British racehorse and sire. A non-Thoroughbred horse who excelled at sprint distances and carried big weights to victory in major handicap races he has been described as Britain's greatest handicapper and second best sprinter of the 20th century.
 Actinoptilum is a genus of sea pens in the family Echinoptilidae containing the single species: Actinoptilum molle (Kükenthal 1902)↑
 Andobana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Naked-rumped Tomb Bat (Taphozous nudiventris) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.It is found in Algeria Burkina Faso Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Ghana India Israel Jordan Kenya Mauritania Morocco Myanmar Niger Nigeria Pakistan Senegal Somalia Sudan Tanzania Togo and Turkey.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland caves and hot deserts.
 Pilsbryspira loxospira is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Ranularia cynocephalum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Armina neapolitana is a species of sea slug a nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Arminidae.
 Styloleptus is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1956.
 Tropidophoxinellus hellenicus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Greece.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.
 The Western Poplar Clearwing (Paranthrene robiniae) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from sea level to near the timber line from Alaska southward along the Pacific Coast to southern California and throughout the Rocky Mountains into the desert southwest and as far east as Kansas and North Dakota.The wingspan is 23-30 mm for males and 30-36 mm for females. Adults are yellow-black with orange brown forewings with somewhat darker veins.
 Porzana is a genus of birds in the crake and rail family (Rallidae). It unites the typical crakes found essentially anywhere in the world except desert and polar regions. This genus contains 13 living species and 4-5 recently extinct ones. In addition a large number of prehistorically extinct species known only from fossil or subfossil remains have been discovered. Two species are sometimes separated in Poliolimnas as they appear to share some apomorphies.
 Allohermenias is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Vipera palaestinae is a venomous viper species endemic to the area spanning western Syria northwestern Jordan northern and central Israel the Palestinian territories and Lebanon. It is considered a leading cause of snakebite within its range. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Rhinotyphlops boylei commonly known as Boyle's beaked blind snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Southern Africa.
 Hyperlophus is a genus of sprat belonging to the herring family Clupeidae. They are endemic to the waters around Australia. There are currently two species recognized in the genus.
 Leptophobia eleusis the Eleusis White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found from Venezuela to Bolivia.The wingspan is 42–48 mm (1.7–1.9 in).The larvae feed on Brassica species.
 Coralliophila aedonia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.The World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) states that the subgenus Murex (Pseudomurex) has been brought into synonymy with Pseudomurex Monterosato 1872 leaving the status of Murex (Pseudomurex) aedonius unchanged. The genus Pseudomurex in turn has been brought into synonymy with Coralliophila H. Adams & A. Adams 1853 by M. Oliverio in 2008.
 Sparagmia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Phoneyusa lesserti is a species of spiders belonging to the family Theraphosidae.
 Harrimaniidae is a family of acorn worms. A taxonomic revision was undertaken in 2010 and a number of new genera and species found in the Eastern Pacific were described.
 Chedra inquisitor is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It was described by Hodges in 1966. It is found in Illinois.
 The Cinnamon-breasted Warbler or Kopje Warbler (Euryptila subcinnamomea) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Euryptila. It is found in Namibia and South Africa. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Echinonyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Carcinopyga gurkoi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kautt and Saldaitis in 1997. It is found in the Pamir Mountains of Tadzhikistan.
 Eupithecia macfarlandi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in canyons on the east side of the Huachuca Mountains in Arizona. The habitat consists of oak and oak-conifer forests.The length of the forewings is 9–9.5 mm for males and 9.5–11.0 mm for females. The forewings are medium-to-dark grey. The hindwings are the same colour with alternating pale and dark banding. Adults are on wing from late August to mid September.
 Volutifusus piratica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Somatina apicipuncta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Ghana.
 Acrocercops asaphogramma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Brazil. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1920.
 Hypolycaena jacksoni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu Kisaba and Ruwenzori) Rwanda and Burundi.
 Caryocolum protectum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Kentucky.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. The forewings are clay-coloured with scales tipped with orange-brown. Adults have been recorded on wing from early May to mid-July.The larvae feed on the winter rosettes and later on the young shoots of Silene rotundifolia. In spring they spin two opposite leaves together boring into the tip of the stem and feeding on the terminal leaves.
 The striped panchax Aplocheilus lineatus is a species of killifish of the genus Aplocheilus. An aquarium variant of this species with a more yellowish coloration is known as golden wonder killifish. The striped panchax inhabits fresh and brackish waters of India and Sri Lanka. It is found in streams rivers swamps and paddy fields. This species grows to a length of 10 cm (3.9 in).
 Zatrephes albescens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Pareuchalcia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rubritrochus declivis common name : the Sloping Gibbula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Eleutherodactylus acmonis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Rustic Quaker (Orthodes majuscula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread throughout the New World including eastern North America (from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Arizona north to Alberta) Cuba Mexico Costa Rica and Brazil.The wingspan is 28–35 mm. The forewings are gray to brown with a black triangle in the middle of the collar. The lines on the forewing are sharp and yellowish. The hindwings are dark grayish brown.
 Lepturges regularis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by LeConte in 1852.
 Thitarodes oblifurcus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Chu and Wang in 1985 and is known from Qinghai China.
 Psolus phantapus also known as brown Psolus is a species of sea cucumber in the family Psolidae.
 Copidostoma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Xanthorhoe annotinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the northern part of the Palearctic ecozone. It is found in mountainous areas.The wingspan is 22–30 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid June to July.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Vaccinium myrtillus. Larvae can be found from July to May. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Borkhausenia luridicomella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1856. It is found from Scandinavia south to Italy and Romania and from the Benelux Germany and Switzerland east to Russia.The wingspan is 9–13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae probably live under the bark of fallen wood of deciduous and evergreen trees. It has also been found in birds nests.
 Pseudophilautus extirpo was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It was endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Darpa is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae. Their distribution is restricted to the Indo-Chinese region.
 The White-naped Crane (Grus vipio) is a bird of the crane family. It is a large bird 112–125 cm (44–49 in) long approximately 130 cm (4 ft) tall and weighing about 5.6 kg (12 lbs) with pinkish legs grey and white striped neck and a red face patch.The White-naped Crane breeds in northeastern Mongolia northeastern China and adjacent areas of southeastern Russia where a program at Khinganski Nature Reserve raises eggs provided from U.S. zoos to bolster the species.
 Camptolina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Disclisioprocta.
 Parcoblatta desertae the desert wood cockroach or desert cockroach is a species of Parcoblatta endemic to the United States state of Texas.
 The Tearful Underwing (Catocala lacrymosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Massachusetts and Connecticut south to Florida west to Texas and eastern Oklahoma and north to Illinois and Michigan and into southern Ontario.The wingspan is 60–82 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.
 Amaxia carinosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Columbellopsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Trichoclea was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Anarta.
 Eumorpha megaeacus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found throughout most of Central America and South America from Suriname Venezuela French Guiana Ecuador southern Brazil and Bolivia to Nicaragua Costa Rica and Mexico. Occasionally strays can be found as far north as Texas.The wingspan is 105-121 mm.
 Carpostalagma pulverulentus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Talbot in 1929. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Cephalaeschna is a genus of dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae.The genus contains the following species:Cephalaeschna acutifrons (Martin 1909)Cephalaeschna aritai Karube 2003Cephalaeschna chaoi Asahina 1982Cephalaeschna dinghuensis Wilson 1999Cephalaeschna klapperichi Schmidt 1961Cephalaeschna klotsi Asahina 1982 - Yellow-spotted Dusk-hawkerCephalaeschna masoni (Martin 1909)Cephalaeschna needhami Asahina 1981Cephalaeschna obversa Needham 1930Cephalaeschna orbifrons Selys 1883Cephalaeschna patrorum Needham 1930Cephalaeschna risi Asahina 1981Cephalaeschna shaowuensis Xu 2006Cephalaeschna triadica Lieftinck 1977Cephalaeschna viridifrons Fraser 1922↑ ↑
 Coronidia subpicta is a moth of the Sematuridae family. It is known from the Neotropics including Costa Rica.The wingspan is 52-59 mm.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants including Oreopanax Gesneriaceae Ardisia Myrsine Piperaceae Solanum Ludwigia and Clavija species. The caterpillars have rows of black spines either side of the dorsal midline and five pairs of prolegs.
 Greya marginimaculata is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu) and possibly the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 14–16 mm. The forewings are brownish fuscous with a slight bronzy shine and six to nine near-white costal dorsal and apical spots.
 Leptotyphlops hamulirostris is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Eupithecia hodeberti is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the high Andes of Ecuador.
 Luidia is a genus of starfish in the family Luidiidae (Sladen 1889) in which it is the only genus. Species of the family have a cosmopolitan distribution.
 Pseudaneitea papillata is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae the leaf-veined slugs.
 Sais is a Neotropical genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Hübner in 1816. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 The Feathered Brindle (Aporophyla australis) is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in western and southern Europe North Africa and the Middle East.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. In the British Isles adults are on wing from August to October in one generation per year.In the Balkans there are two generations per year and the flight period is August September October November December.The larvae feed on various plants including Silene maritima and grasses.
 Thyrocopa subahenea is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Molokai and Maui.The length of the forewings is 8-12 mm. Adults are on wing year-round. The ground color of the forewings is brown.
 Rustica septemmeri is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Assam in north-eastern India.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewing is long narrow pointed at apex and yellowish brown suffused with dark brown scales. The reniform stigma is yellow and weakly marked. The costal patch at the upper medial area is well marked and dark brown. The antemedial line is marked and dark brown but otherwise indistinct. The terminal line of the hindwing is weakly defined.
 The Andean Cock-of-the-rock (Rupicola peruvianus) is a medium-sized passerine bird of the Cotinga family native to Andean cloud forests in South America. It is widely regarded as the national bird of Peru. It has four subspecies and its closest relative is the Guianan Cock-of-the-rock.The species exhibits marked sexual dimorphism; the male has a large disk-like crest and scarlet or brilliant orange plumage while the female is significantly darker and browner.
 Archana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Belonochasma (meaning needle mouth) is a genus of gnathostome from the Mesozoic of Franconia Bavaria Germany. It was once thought to be a pterosaur but this was rejected by Oskar Kuhn in 1961 and upheld by Peter Wellnhofer in 1978.
 Gymnothorax nudivomer is a Moray Eel from the Indo-Pacific.
 Nipponaphera quasilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Pseudopostega sectila is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from Puerto Rico and Tortola in the British Virgin Islands.The length of the forewings is 3-3.7 mm. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Ischnocampa perirrotata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Tourbillon (1928–1954) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
 Deltaspis thoracica is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by White in 1853.
 Yermoia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Geckolepis maculata is a species of gecko that is commonly found in Madagascar. The gecko has a large scale large legs and it is chestnut-cream with black bands. Its common names are Peters' spotted gecko and Golden fish scaled gecko.
 Coelonia solani is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mauritius Réunion (formerly known as Île Bourbon) Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.
 Haemonides candida is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Peru and Guyana.
 Leucosyrinx dalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Acupalpus elegans is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 The golden weedfish Cristiceps aurantiacus is a species of clinid found around New South Wales Australia and New Zealand it can be found in tide pools and the subtidal zone to a depth of 30 metres (98 ft). Its diet consists of crustaceans and small fishes. It can reach a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in) TL.
 The Banded Martin or Banded Sand Martin (Riparia cincta) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family.The Banded Martin is found in open habitats such as farmland grassland and savannah usually near water. It breeds across Africa from Cameroon and Zaire to Ethiopia south to the Cape in South Africa although it is absent from the driest regions of western South Africa and southern Namibia.
 Borsoniidae is a monophyletic family of small to medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea.In 2011 Bouchet Kantor et al. brought genera from the subfamilies Clathurellinae and Raphitominae (at that point belonging to the family Conidae) and genera from the subfamily Zemaciinae (at that point belonging to the family Turridae) together in a new family Borsoniidae.
 Chudeau's spiny mouse (Acomys chudeaui) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Mauritania and Morocco. Its natural habitats are rocky areas and hot deserts.
 Georgiasaurus (Georgy's lizard; after V. A. Otschev's father Georgy Otschev a geodesist who died shortly before Otschev published the description in 1976) is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Russia. Otschev (or Ochev) originally named the specimen Georgia but that name was preoccupied (Baird & Girrard 1853). Originally a complete skeleton the specimen was damaged in preparation of the quarry stone.
 Pyrenaearia velascoi is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 Mesodica infuscata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found on Java.
 Psedaleulia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Hedylopsoidea was defined as a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs mostly marine gastropod mollusks within the informal group Opisthobranchia according to the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005).Schrödl & Neusser (2010) have redefined the taxonomy of Acochlidiacea in 2010.
 The Tumbes Sparrow (Rhynchospiza stolzmanni) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family that is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Eilema bitincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Syncopacma is a genus of moth in the Gelechiidae family.
 Siluosaurus (meaning Silu (Chinese for Silk Road referring to the discovery location) lizard) is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Barremian-Albian-age Lower Cretaceous Xinminbao Group of Gansu China. It is based on IVPP V.11117 (1-2) two teeth. It is an obscure genus with no papers doing more than mentioning it since it was described.
 Brongersma's toad or crapaud de Brongersma (Bufo brongersmai) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Algeria Morocco and Western Sahara.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater marshes rocky areas hot deserts arable land ponds and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypercompe burmeisteri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Trischalis purpurastriata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and van Mastrigt in 2007. It is found in Papua.
 Ephestia columbiella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ephestia. It was described by Neunzig in 1990 and is known from North America including Alabama Florida South Carolina and West Virginia.
 Zodarion merlijni is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
 Irura is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Goniobranchus albopunctatus is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Paulianoscirtus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Paulianoscirtus cordicollis Basilewsky 1976 Paulianoscirtus madecassus Basilewsky 1976↑
 The Black-breasted Wood Quail (Odontophorus leucolaemus) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Sir John Noe was a famous hunter of these birds.
 Orchesella cincta is a species of springtail present in North America and Europe. They average 4 millimetres (0.16 in) in length.
 Huechulafquenia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Azaxia luteilinea is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in south-eastern Peru.
 Paraplosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Parapalosia cinderella which is found in French Guiana.
 Palaeotype is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Palaeotype submarginata which is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Vincent's Bunting (Emberiza vincenti) is a passerine bird in the bunting family Emberizidae. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the Cape Bunting and some taxonomists still consider it to be conspecific.
 Lasionycta taigata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It occurs in open peatlands and fens in the taiga zone from Labrador Churchill Manitoba and central Yukon southward to northern Maine northern Minnesota and south-western Alberta.Adults are on wing from late June through July.
 Vexillum zebuense is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Watsonulus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Bdelyrus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Dwarf Honeyguide (Indicator pumilio) is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda Uganda and possibly Burundi.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ecsenius stictus known commonly as the Great Barrier Reef blenny is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in the Great Barrier Reef and around the Chesterfield Islands. It can reach a maximum length of 5.8 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 The Red-crested Cotinga (Ampelion rubrocristatus) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Todd's Nightjar (Caprimulgus heterurus) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is found in woodland and other semi-open habitats in northern Colombia Venezuela and Guyana. The alternative name Santa Marta Nightjar after the Santa Marta Mountains is therefore misleading. It is fairly common in most of its range. It has often been included as a subspecies of the Little Nightjar (C. parvulus). The two are visually very similar but vocally distinctive.
 The Arvicolinae are a subfamily of rodents that includes the voles lemmings and muskrats. They are most closely related to the other subfamilies in the Cricetidae (comprising the hamsters and New World rats and mice). Some authorities place the subfamily Arvicolinae in the family Muridae along with all other members of the superfamily Muroidea.
 The Indian rhinoceros (Rhinoceros unicornis) also called the greater one-horned rhinoceros and Indian one-horned rhinoceros belongs to the Rhinocerotidae family.
 The Black-Eyed Blue (Glaucopsyche melanops) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Western part of Southern Europe and North Africa.The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm. The butterfly flies from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Fabaceae species.
 Sozusa despecta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1862. It is found in South Africa.
 Worm pipefish (Nerophis lumbriciformis) is a species of Pipefishes found in the North-eastern Atlantic along the coasts of Europe from the southern Norway Kattegat and British Islands to Río de Oro in Western Sahara. The fish has length up to 15 cm. It is inhabits rocky sites of coast also in aquatic plants and algae at depth up to 50 m.
 The giant mesquite bug Thasus neocalifornicus is an insect found in Arizona Baja California Sur and New Mexico. It is known for its interesting chemical ecology large size and bright color.
 Ancistrocerus is a widely distributed genus of potter wasps present in many biogeographical regions of the world.
 Locustellidae is a newly recognized family of small insectivorous songbirds (warblers) formerly placed in the Old World warbler wastebin family. It contains the grass warblers grassbirds and the Bradypterus bush warblers. These birds occur mainly in Eurasia Africa and the Australian region.
 The Lichtenstein's Sandgrouse (Pterocles lichtensteinii) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family which is named after Martin Lichtenstein. They are nomadic mostly nocturnal birds which drink before dawn and after dusk.The species is found over a wide region from near the equator in Kenya through the Middle East to Afghanistan.
 The Swallow-winged Puffbird (Chelidoptera tenebrosa) is a species of bird in the Bucconidae family the puffbirds. It is also called the Swallow-wing. It is monotypic the only species within the genus Chelidoptera.[citation needed]It is found in Brazil and the entire Amazon Basin; also Bolivia Colombia Ecuador the Guianas Guyana Suriname French Guiana and Peru and Venezuela.
 Neocoenyra kivuensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Burundi western Tanzania Zambia and Malawi. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland montane grassland on forest margins at altitudes between 1000 and 2000 meters.
 The polka-dot tree frog (Hypsiboas punctatus) is a frog species in the family Hylidae found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.
 The blue-eyed shags are a group of closely related cormorant taxa. All have a blue purple or red ring around the eye (not a blue iris); other shared features are white underparts (at least in some individuals) and pink feet.They are found around the colder parts of the Southern Hemisphere especially near southern South America Antarctica and New Zealand. Many are endemic to remote islands.
 The Loanda Swift (Apus horus toulsoni) is a bird in the Apodidae family. Many taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies of the Horus Swift. It is found in Angola and Republic of the Congo.
 Thelycera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Buff-breasted Wren (Cantorchilus leucotis) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family the wrens.It is found in the Amazon Basin of northern Brazil and Amazonian Colombia Ecuador Peru and northern-border Bolivia; also the Guianan countries Guyana Suriname French Guiana.
 Gampola sinica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Thailand and China (Guangdong Hong Kong).The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. The forewings are brown with a strong diffuse darkening in center of the postdiscal part. The hindwings are light brown.
 Cleoeromene is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coptocnemia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellistena nyctaletes is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Franciscolo in 1962.
 Onychomesa is a little-known genus of thread-legged bug in the subfamily Emesinae. Three species have been described one from India Japan and Taiwan.
 The Helmeted Woodpecker (Dryocopus galeatus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Iberostomata fombuenensis is an extinct species of bryozoa which existed in what is now Spain during the Katian period. It was named by Andrea Jiménez-Sánchez Robert L. Anstey and Beatriz Azanka in 2010 and is the only species in the genus Iberostomata.
 Heliothis subflexa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from most of the United States throughout the Antilles south to Argentina.The larvae feed exclusively on fruits of Physalis species which are enclosed in an inflated lantern-shaped calyx. To feed each newly emerged caterpillar cuts a small hole in the calyx and then bores into the fruit. Once inside the caterpillar spends the majority of its time sheltered inside of the fruit’s husk.
 The Philippine tree squirrel Sundasciurus philippinensis is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae which is endemic to the Philippines.
 Megalobulimus popelairianus synonym Strophocheilus popelairianus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae.
 Pempelia amoenella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Albania the Republic of Macedonia Greece Romania Croatia Turkey Kazakhstan and Mongolia.
 Chrysoesthia boseae is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 7-8 mm. The forewings are black with a bright golden fascia. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Bosea yervamora. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a strongly contorted corridor which is almost completely filled with frass. Later the mine widens into a full-depth blotch.
 The Chiriquí Quail-Dove or 'Rufous-breasted Quail-Dove (Geotrygon chiriquensis) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Scopula vigilata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Malta Sicily Crete and Cyprus and in Italy Greece and the Near East.
 Lempkeella avellana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Broad-tailed Paradise Whydah (Vidua obtusa) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Rwanda South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Carabus lefebvrei lefebvrei is a bluish-black-coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Italy and Sicily.
 Essonodon is a mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous of North America. It was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata and lived towards the end of the age of the dinosaurs. It is within the suborder Cimolodonta and perhaps the family Cimolomyidae.The genus Essonodon was named by Simpson G.G. in 1927 and is also partly known as Cimolodon. The inclusion of this taxon within Cimolomyidae is tentative.
 Bibron's gecko (Pachydactylus bibronii) is a species of thick-toed gecko endemic to southern Africa.
 Elachista catagma is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Australia.
 Lestes numidicus is a species of damselfly in family Lestidae. It is found in Algeria possibly France and possibly Spain. Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and ponds. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pratylenchus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lesion nematodes. They are parasitic on plants and are responsible for root lesion disease on many taxa of host plants in temperate regions around the world. Lesion nematodes are migratory endoparasites that feed and reproduce in the root and move around unlike the cyst or root-knot nematodes which may stay in one place. They usually only feed on the cortex of the root. Species are distinguished primarily by the morphology of the stylets.
 Eatoniopsis is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.This species has been declared a synonym of the genus Skenella in the family Cingulopsidae.
 Spionida is an order of marine polychaete worms in the subclass Canalipalpata. Spionids are cosmopolitan and live in soft substrates in the littoral or neritic zones.
 Myodini is a tribe of forest voles in the subfamily Arvicolinae.
 Dolichopus urbanus is a European species of fly in family Dolichopodidae.
 Parachaetodon ocellatus the Sixspine butterflyfish is a species of butterflyfish native to tropical reefs of the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species grows to a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) TL. It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Calolamia bicordifera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Calolamia.
 Fraser's rufous thrush (Neocossyphus fraseri) also known as the rufous flycatcher-thrush is a species of bird in the thrush family.
 Pisola is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Dolichoctis biak is a ground beetle species first described by Baehr in 1999.
 Myoxocephalus scorpius known variously as the shorthorn sculpin short-spined sea scorpion bull-rout and the father-lasher is a relatively small demersal fish of the Northern Atlantic and adjacent subarctic coasts. Adult fishes are commonly 15-30 cm in length with a squat appearance. The fish has a large spiny head and a tapering body. It is a mottled grey-brown in colour but can be darker including black as base coloring.
 Anoplocis is a genus of tree-fungus beetle in the family Ciidae.
 The Dusted Elfin or Dark Elfin (Sarangesa seineri) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Natal the former Transvaal and Botswana and from Zimbabwe to Kenya and Zaire.The wingspan is 36–38 mm for males and 38–40 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round although they are scarcer in winter and the dry season.The larvae feed on Peristrophe hensii.
 Henricus inspergatus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Chiapas).
 Pareuchaetes insulata the Yellow-winged Pareuchaetes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found on Cuba and the Antilles as well as in the southern United States (Arizona Florida South Carolina and Texas) the Dominican Republic El Salvador Guatemala and Nicaragua.The wingspan is 26–38 mm. The forewings are clay yellow without markings.
 Joe Cotton (1882–after 1900) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is best known as the winner of the 1885 Kentucky Derby. He was by King Alfonso who was the sire of the 1880 winner Fonso. The horse was reportedly named after a bookie.Joe Cotton was reportedly killed along with another Thoroughbred called Sam Keene on September 11 1888 during the third race at the Mystic Park race track in Boston Massachusetts.
 Glossophaga is a genus of bats in the leaf-nosed bat family Phyllostomidae. Members of the genus are native to the American Neotropics.
 Cuniberta is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956 and contains the species C. subtinctella. It is found in western North America.The wingspan is 22-26 mm. The forewings are grey more or less dusted with whitish on the basal and median areas. The antemedial line is nearly vertical and bordered outwardly by a black line which is expanded and strongly accented on the costa bordered inwardly on the lower margin by a reddish or reddish olivaceous patch.
 Mictopsichia egae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange yellow and consists of basal and subapical streaks and postbasal interfascia. The other parts of ground colour are suffused olive brownish. The terminal area is more orange brownish. The hindwings are orange the apical third of the wing with a brownish confluent marking.
 Leptonectes is a genus of ichthyosaur that lived in the Late Triassic to Early Jurassic (Rhaetian - Pliensbachian). Fossils have been found in Belgium England Germany and Switzerland.
 The Common House Gecko scientific name Hemidactylus frenatus (not to be confused with the Mediterranean species Hemidactylus turcicus known as Mediterranean house gecko) is a native of southeastern Asia. It is also known as the Pacific house gecko the Asian house gecko or simply the house lizard. Most geckos are nocturnal hiding during the day and foraging for insects at night.
 The Sonora mud turtle (Kinosternon sonoriense) is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.It is found in Mexico and the United States. Also known as the Sonoyta Mud Turtle
 Phelsuma pusilla hallmanni Meier 1989 is a diurnal subspecies of geckos. It lives in eastern Madagascar and typically inhabits different trees. This day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 Copelatus imitator is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 2002.
 Neobuccinum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Cypa decolor is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in northeastern India Nepal Myanmar southwestern China Thailand Vietnam Malaysia (Sarawak) and Indonesia (Sumatra Borneo Kalimantan Papua New Guinea).The wingspan is 50–82 mm. The males tend to be more variegated than the females. It is similar to Cypa terranea but is greener brown above.The larvae feed on Quercus and Castanopsis species.
 The earthworm eels also known as the spineless eels are a family (Chaudhuriidae) of small freshwater eel-like fish related to the swamp eels and spiny eels. The 10 known species (as of 2011) are literally the size and shape of earthworms thus the family name.
 Austropyrgus bungoniensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to southern New South Wales Australia. It is known from streams and springs flowing from the Bungonia Gorge Caves.
 Trypeta mikado is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Sarcolestes (meaning flesh robber) is a genus of early ankylosaurian dinosaur from Middle Jurassic England Callovian around 163 million years ago. The type species Sarcolestes leedsi was described by Richard Lydekker in 1893 but is based on very fragmentary material holotype BMNH R2682 consisting of a single left lower jaw bone. It was first thought to be a flesh-eating dinosaur hence the name meaning 'flesh thief'.
 Graphiuricthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Oxymeris troendlei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Friginatica conjuncta is a species of small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae.
 Mursia is a genus of crabs in the family Calappidae containing the following species:
 Bela clarae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The red-finned triplefin Helcogramma gymnauchen is a triplefin blenny of the family Tripterygiidae found in the western Pacific from Indonesia Papua New Guinea and northern Australia at depths of between 1 and 8 m. It reaches a maximum length of 4 cm. The red-finned triplefin lives on reefs and feeds on algae and small invertebrates.
 Acronicta pulverosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Korean Peninsula China Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu Tsushima Island) and Taiwan.
 The Northwest Mexico leopard frog Rana magnaocularis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.HabitatsThe frog's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.Rana magnaocularis is a species threatened by habitat loss.
 Chorthippus acroleucus is a species of insect in family Acrididae. It is found in Romania.
 Contromelisia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Dinoscaris is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dinoscaris atrox (Banninger 1934) Dinoscaris cribripennis (Chaudoir 1843) Dinoscaris detriei (Alluaud 1902) Dinoscaris gallienii (Alluaud 1902) Dinoscaris rostrata (Fairmaire 1905) Dinoscaris sicardi (Jeannel 1946) Dinoscaris venator (Chaudoir 1855)↑
 Erygia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kurodavolva is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Haematobia irritans the horn fly is a small fly (about half the size of a common housefly) of the genus Haematobia which is the European genus of bloodsucking flies. Haematobia irritans is a native of Europe but has been introduced to North America and is considered a potentially dangerous livestock pest.
 Guttigera is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 The Ophiusina are a subtribe of noctuoid moths. As such they are placed in the tribe Catocalini of subfamily Catocalinae in the owlet moth family (Noctuidae).
 The genus Liogorytes comprises a group of large solitary ground-dwelling predatory South American wasps which hunt cicadas as prey. It is related to the more common genus of cicada killers Sphecius.[citation needed]
 Turbonilla zealandica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cratogeomys is a genus of rodent in the Geomyidae family. It was previously considered a subgenus of Pappogeomys.It contains the following species: Yellow-faced pocket gopher (Cratogeomys castanops) Smoky pocket gopher (Cratogeomys fumosus) Llano pocket gopher (Cratogeomys gymnurus) Goldman's pocket gopher (Cratogeomys goldmani) Merriam's pocket gopher (Cratogeomys merriami)↑
 Rimicola is a genus of clingfishes found along the coasts of the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 The scaly-headed triplefin Karalepis stewarti is a triplefin the only species in the genus Karalepis found around the north east of the North Island of New Zealand from depths of about 5 to 30 m in reef areas of broken rock.
 Philidris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
 Ecchlorolestes peringueyi is a species of damselfly in family Synlestidae. It is commonly known as the marbled malachite.
 The Zebra Finch (Taeniopygia guttata) (formerly Poephila guttata) is the most common estrildid finch of Central Australia and ranges over most of the continent avoiding only the cool moist south and the tropical far north. It can also be found natively in Indonesia and East Timor. The bird has been introduced to Puerto Rico Portugal Brazil and the United States.
 Oxynoe kabirensis is a species of small sea snail or sea slug a bubble snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae.
 Polopeustis altensis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia.The wingspan is 16–21 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae possibly feed on Dryas species.
 Mantidactylus tandroka is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Varmina is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Paltoloma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Haemulon carbonarium the Caesar grunt is a species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Brazil and also in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It inhabits coral or rock reefs and mangrove swamps at depths of from 3 to 25 metres (9.8 to 82.0 ft). This species can reach a length of 36 centimetres (14 in) TL though most do not exceed 20 centimetres (7.9 in). This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and is also popular in public aquariums.
 Laevilitorina granum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Assara funerella is a species of snout moths in the genus Assara. It was described by Ragonot in 1901. It is found in Taiwan Japan (Hokkaido Honshu) China and Korea.The wingspan is 12–13 mm for males and 16–18 mm for females. The forewings are pale brown broadly suffused with ashy white. The hindwings are brownish white but darker apically.The larvae feed on Pinus thunbergii.
 Tamoya ohboya also known as the Bonaire banded box jellyfish is a species of box jellyfish formally described in 2011. In order to name the newly discovered species. Tamoya Ohboya was discovered by a biologist William Guillan.
 The walking anemone Preactis millardae also known as the hedgehog anemone or the sock anemone is a species of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria. It is the only member of its genus.
 Pissodes is a genus of weevil described by Ernst Friedrich Germar in 1817.Species of Pissodes include: Pissodes castaneus Pissodes gyllenhali Pissodes harcyniae Pissodes notatus Pissodes piceae Pissodes pini Pissodes piniphilus Pissodes scabricollis Pissodes strobi Pissodes validirostris
 The Sennar Penduline Tit (Anthoscopus punctifrons) is a species of bird in the Remizidae family the most northerly member of the genus Anthoscopus.It is found in Cameroon Chad Eritrea Ethiopia Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Senegal and Sudan.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Lobobunaea acetes is a species of moths in the Saturniidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Guinea Kenya Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Tanzania and Uganda.
 Kauaiina molokaiensis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Molokai where it was at an altitude of 1290 meters above Puu Kolekole.The wingspan is about 31 mm for males and 36 mm for females. Males are dark wine-red and females are clay-brown.
 Morenosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Cretaceous of what is now California. The type species is Morenosaurus stocki first named by Samuel Welles in 1943 in honor of Dr. Chester Stock. The species was found by Robert Wallace and Arthur Drescher in the Panoche Hills region of Fresno County. The skeleton they found was fairly complete and lacked only the head and parts of the neck and paddles.
 Ancotrema is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Haplotrematidae.This genus is sometimes considered to be a subgenus of Haplotrema.
 The Henderson Reed Warbler (Acrocephalus taiti) also known as the Henderson Reed-warbler is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family. It is found only on Henderson Island part of the Pitcairn Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dysspastus ios is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on the Cyclades.
 Darkling beetles are a family of beetles found worldwide estimated at more than 20000 species. Many of the beetles have black elytra hence their common name. Apart from the 9 subfamilies listed here the tribe Opatrini of the Tenebrioninae is sometimes considered a distinct family and/or the Pimeliinae are included in the Tenebrioninae as a tribe Pimeliini.Darkling beetles eat both fresh and decaying vegetation. Major predators include birds rodents sunspiders and lizards.
 Eupithecia discordans is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Coleophora viscidiflorella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The larvae feed on the leaves of Chrysothamnus viscidiflorus. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 The spider genus Steatoda in the family Theridiidae includes over 120 recognized species distributed around the world (including many cosmopolitan species which are found among human populations worldwide).These usually dark spiders have in most species a white line around the anterior back in addition to other lines or spots.Many spiders of the genus Steatoda are often mistaken for widow spiders (Latrodectus) and are known as false black widows; however Steatoda are significantly less harmful to humans. 
 Admete specularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Mithraculus sculptus the green clinging crab or emerald crab is a species of crab in the family Majidae. It is a dark green colour and is found in tropical waters in the Caribbean Sea. It is sometimes kept in reef aquaria.
 Heliconius demeter the Demeter Longwing is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1897. It is found in the Amazon Basin from Guyana to Peru and Bolivia. The habitat consists of sand forests.The larvae are gregarious and feed on Dilkea and Mitostemma species. Full-grown larvae have a yellow body with black spots or bands and a black head. They reach a length of about 20 mm.
 The Scarlet Ibis (Eudocimus ruber) is a species of ibis in the bird family Threskiornithidae. It inhabits tropical South America and islands of the Caribbean. In form it resembles most of the other twenty-seven extant species of ibis but its remarkably brilliant scarlet coloration makes it unmistakable.This medium-sized wader is a hardy numerous and prolific bird and it has protected status around the world. Its IUCN status is least concern.
 Exilisia olivascens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found on Madagascar.
 Paralobophora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pseustoplaca is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Oxacme dissimilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Pseudocoremia fenerata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The wingspan is 27–34 mm.Recorded food plants of the larvae include Agathis australis Dacrydium bidwillii Dacrydium biforme Dacrydium cupressinum Phyllocladus alpinus Phyllocladus trichomanoides Podocarpus ferrugineus and Podocarpus totara. Exotic hosts are Chamaecyparis lawsoniana Cryptomeria japonica Larix decidua Larix kempferi and Pinus species.
 Oxynoemacheilus araxensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Orthacanthus is an extinct genus of fresh-water shark from a family of prehistoric sharks known as xenacanths. Members of the genus had a long spine growing from the back of their skull and a very long dorsal fin which ran all along its back giving it an eel-like appearance.About 260 million years ago Orthacanthus was the apex predator of freshwater swamps and bayous in Europe and North America.
 Henricus montanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream grey near the tornal part of the termen less distinct towards the apex and costa and otherwise suffused brown and sprinkled with dark brown. The hindwings are cream slightly tinged with brownish towards the apex with delicate brownish strigulae.
 Antinephele camerounensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Clark in 1937 and is found from Gabon to the Central African Republic Uganda and Kenya.The length of the forewings is 21-21.5 mm for males and about 22 mm for females. It is very similar to Antinephele anomala but broader-winged and generally darker. The underside of the abdomen has more scattered dark scales. The oblique subapical band of the forewing upperside is broader and of more even width.
 Gymnobathra hyetodes is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1884. It is found in New Zealand.
 Setalimorphus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Setalimorphus punctiventris Sloane 1895 Setalimorphus regularis Sloane 1910↑
 Tarimichthys incipiens is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Tarimichthys.
 Adetomyrma aureocuprea (from Latin aureus golden and cupreus coppery referring to the body coloration) is a species of ants endemic to Madagascar.
 Campichoetidae is a small family of acalyptrate Diptera with only one genus Campichoeta Macquart 1835.They are regarded by some authors as Diastatidae.
 Creophilus variegatus is a beetle of the Staphylinidae family Staphylinidae subfamily. This species occurs in South America (especially in Brazil and Peru).
 Duplex weintraubi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from eastern Timor.The wingspan is about 8 mm. The forewing is grey in the basal subterminal and terminal areas including the fringes. The medial area is dark brown. All crosslines are present and beige jagged or waved. The terminal line is marked by dense black interneural spots.
 Lophocampa pseudomaculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Brazil.
 Nikaea matsumurai is a moth in the family Arctiidae. It is found in Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands in Japan.
 Balaustium cristatum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae. This oval mite is only known from immature specimens: the eight-legged nymph is around 0.75 mm in length and moderately hairy with two pairs of eyes and all legs shorter than the body. The six-legged larva is only around 0.5 mm in length and sparsely hairy with one pair of eyes and the third pair of legs longer than the body.It is associated with various plants in the vicinity of Malelane South Africa.
 The Feathered Ear (Pachetra sagittigera) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central and Southern Europe east to the Ural north to southern England Sweden and Finland. Southwards it is found from Anatolia Central Asia and the Altai up to Mongolia. It is also present in North Africa.The wingspan is 32–45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various grasses including Festuca ovina Poa and Gramineae species.
 Anthene pyroptera is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lulua).
 Macrobrochis borneensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Roepke in 1939. It is found on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia and possibly Java and the Philippines.Adults are grey with an orange collar and a broad white zone on the hindwings.
 The Hooded Grosbeak (Coccothraustes abeillei) is a passerine bird found in the highlands of Central America principally in Mexico.It flies high into the air often traveling long distances across open terrain.
 Pseudactaea is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Pseudactaea corallina (Alcock 1898) Pseudactaea multiareolata Takeda & Marumura 2002 Pseudactaea multicristata (Zehntner 1894)↑
 The Marble-faced Bristle Tyrant (Phylloscartes ophthalmicus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Amblyeleotris marquesas is a species of goby only recorded from reefs around Nuku Hiva in the Marquesas Islands French Polynesia in the central Pacific Ocean at depths of 20 to 25 metres (66 to 82 ft). As with other species of their genus this species has a symbiotic relationship with alpheid shrimps in this case Alpheus randalli one or a pair of gobies sharing a burrow with one or a pair of shrimps.This is an elongated goby up to 6.9 centimetres (2.7 in) standard length.
 Omphalepia dujardini is a species of snout moths in the genus Omphalepia. It is known from Madagascar (the type location is Andranomena).
 The Southern African Spiny Mouse (Acomys spinosissimus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are moist savanna and rocky areas.
 Nipponaphera tuba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Petrochromis famula is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer rocky substrates that they can graze from. This species can reach a length of 15.1 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Argentine ant Linepithema humile (formerly Iridomyrmex humilis) is a dark ant native to northern Argentina Uruguay Paraguay and southern Brazil. It is an invasive species that has been established in many Mediterranean climate areas inadvertently introduced by humans to many places including South Africa New Zealand Japan Easter Island Australia Hawaii Europe and the United States.
 Papuasyntaxis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family containing only one species Papuasyntaxis metallescens which is known only from central Papua Indonesia. However it is probably also present in the central western part of Papua New Guinea.
 Pollex kangeani is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from the Kangean Islands and Java.The wingspan is 8-9 mm. The forewing is brown suffused with black scales. The hindwing is unicolorous greyish-brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous greyish-brown brown.
 Odostomia romburghi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Allancastria cretica is a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae. It is found only on the Greek island of Crete where it is then an endemic species.
 Netechma ochrotona is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Clypeaster durandi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Clypeasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Clypeaster durandi was first scientifically described in 1959 by Cherbonnier.
 Boophis reticulatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Sinuous Wave (Scopula trisinuata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola Ghana Kenya Malawi South Africa and Zambia.
 Hylettus magnus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monné in 1988 and is known from western central Brazil.
 Turbonilla madriella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Buccinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of very small to large predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks.This superfamily is in the clade Neogastropoda according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). It was previously placed within the infraorder Neogastropoda according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Ponder & Lindberg 1997).
 The Green Pygmy Goose (Nettapus pulchellus) is a small perching duck which breeds in southern New Guinea and northern Australia.
 Alvania grancanariensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Lacalma albirufalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lacalma. It was described by Hampson in 1916 and is known from New Guinea and Australia including Queensland.The wingspan is about 30 mm. This forewings are fawn with white speckles while the hindwings are plain brown.
 Eulima leptostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The Apocrita are a suborder of insects in the order Hymenoptera.This suborder includes wasps bees and ants and consists of many families. It includes the most advanced hymenopterans and is distinguished from Symphyta by the narrow waist (petiole) formed between the first two segments of the actual abdomen; the first abdominal segment is fused to the thorax and is called the propodeum.
 Nephelomys maculiventer is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae. The type locality is in Colombia at Sierra El Libano alt. 6000 ft Santa Marta District. It was originally described on the basis of 47 specimens including 34 from Sierra El Libano and 13 from Valparaiso.N. maculiventer has long and soft fur that is rufous in color on the upperparts and becomes lighter towards the sides.
 Holophaea erharda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1927. It is found in Brazil.
 Anadora is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Anadora cupriventris Obenberger 1922 Anadora mechowi (Quedenfeldt 1886) Anadora margotana Novak 2010 Anadora occidentalis Bellamy 1986 Anadora pavo (Gestro 1881) Anadora rivularis Obenberger 1924 Anadora silvatica Bellamy 1986↑
 The Green Iora (Aegithina viridissima) is a species of bird in the Aegithinidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Odozana unica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Mexico.
 Austrosynthemis cyanitincta more commonly known as the turquoise tigertail is a species of dragonfly from south-western Australia in the family Synthemistidae. It is the only species in the genus Austrosynthemis .
 Callionymus marleyi the Sand dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the western Indian Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 1 to 20 metres (3.3 to 65.6 ft) over sandy substrates. Its diet consists mostly of benthic invertebrates. This species grows to a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 The Vascocertidae named by Spath (1925) is family of Upper Cretaceous ammonites in the Superfamily Acanthocerataceae characterized by shells that are either smooth or bluntly tuberculate or have sparse coarse ribs. Sutural elements are shallow irregular and slightly indented or deep and very indented. Whorl section and degree of involution vary even within species. The Vascoceratidae is a short lived family restricted to the early and middle Turonian stage.
 Anthrenocerus concolorous is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Himalaphaenops nishikawai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Himalaphaenops.
 The Great Dusky Swift (Cypseloides senex) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Epinephelus summana is a grouper from the Eastern Indian Ocean that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 52 cm in length.
 The White-headed dwarf gecko (Lygodactylus picturatus) is a common species of Lygodactylus gecko found in Africa.
 The Pine leaf-mining Moth (Clavigesta purdeyi) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the United Kingdom the Netherlands and Belgium.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on Pinus sylvestris Pinus contorta var. latifolia and Pinus nigra var. maritima. The larvae feed entirely in the leaves and do not enter the buds or shoots. Attacked trees show signs of defoliation and eventually shoots may die off.
 Pardosa amentata otherwise known as the wolf spider or spotted wolf spider is a species of spider in the genus Pardosa belonging to the family of wolf spiders Lycosidae. The species has a widespread distribution in central Europe and northwestern Europe and are commonly found on the British Isles. The species hunts its prey on the ground rather than weaving a web.It was described in chapter 5 of the book Svenska Spindlar by the Swedish arachnologist and entomologist Carl Alexander Clerck.
 Schizopus is a genus of beetles in the family Schizopodidae containing the following species: Schizopus laetus LeConte 1858 Schizopus sallei Horn 1885↑
 Naarda xanthonephra is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Schizax senex is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Schizax.
 Noctubourgognea bicolor is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Bahía Orange Patagonia Estrecho de Magallanes and Tierra del Fuego in Chile and the San Martín de los Andes and Neuquén in Argentina.The wingspan is about 44 mm. Adults are on wing in March.
 Leucoptera genistae is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found in France Italy Austria Hungary and Bulgaria.The larvae feed on Genista anglica and Genista germanica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mines are undistinguishable from those of Leucoptera laburnella The mine starts as a densely contorted corridor that quickly turns brown. It is followed by a more or less straight corridor entirely filled with greyish-green frass.
 Nebria nataliae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Kyrgyzstan.
 Omobranchus fasciolatoceps is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean around southern Japan and China.
 The Cape serotine (Neoromicia capensis) is a species of vesper bat occurring in Sub-Saharan Africa.It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Djibouti.
 The Buff-breasted Flycatcher (Empidonax fulvifrons) is a small insectivorous bird. It is the smallest Empidonax flycatcher typically ranging from 11.5 to 13 cm (4.5 to 5 in.) in size.Adults have olive gray upper bodies darker coloration on the wings and tail conspicuous white eye rings white wing bars small bills and short tails. The breast of this species is distinctive washed with a strong orange buff color.Their preferred breeding habitat is scrub and open woodlands.
 The Long-tailed Broadbill (Psarisomus dalhousiae) is a species of broadbill that is found in the Himalayas extending east through Northeastern India to Southeast Asia. It is the only bird in the genus Psarisomus. The Long-tailed Broadbill is about 25 cm (10 inches) in length and weighs between 50 and 60 grams. It can be identified by its shrill call.The Long-tailed Broadbill is a forest bird that lives on insects.
 The Cinnamon Bracken Warbler (Bradypterus cinnamomeus) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Keiferia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The African Leopard (Panthera pardus pardus) is a leopard subspecies occurring across most of sub-Saharan Africa. In 2008 the IUCN classified leopards as Near Threatened stating that they may soon qualify for the Vulnerable status due to habitat loss and fragmentation. They are becoming increasingly rare outside protected areas. The trend of the population is decreasing.
 Hypolimnas anomala the Malayan Eggfly or Crow Eggfly (Chinese: 畸紋紫斑蛺蝶) is a species of eggfly.It feeds on Pipturus argentus Pipturus arboresceus Claoxylon Pouzolzia and Villebrunea species.
 Pseudomyrophis atlanticus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Jacques Blache in 1975.
 Vietteilus vigens is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 Brephodrillia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.
 Odontothera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coleophora bihastulifera is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Dasypyga salmocolor is a species of snout moths in the genus Dasypyga. It was described by Blanchard in 1970 and is known from the south-western United States including Texas and California.
 Labeobarbus johnstonii is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It has long been placed in Barbus the wastebin genus for barbs by default and this is still being done by the IUCN. However the species is increasingly being restored to related yellowfish genus Labeobarbus which seems a much more appropriate placement. It is presumably hexaploid like the other yellowfish. The supposed subspecies latirostris of its relative L. intermedius is actually misidentified L.
 Aleptina inca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-eastern California east to southern Arizona and western Texas. It is also found in Baja California.The wingspan is about 19 mm. Adults are on wing from May to October in multiple generations in western Texas.
 Derbyana matthewsi is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Derbyana.
 Mnesipenthe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The eastern dwarf tree frog or Eastern Sedge-frog (Litoria fallax) is a small and very common tree frog found on the eastern coast of Australia from around Cairns Queensland to around Ulladulla New South Wales. Individual frogs of this species are often found elsewhere having been accidentally relocated by transported fruit boxes. Confirmed sightings of breeding pairs have confirmed their survival in Victoria's cooler climate.
 This species Uperoleia marmorata or Marbled Toadlet is only known by the holotype collected in the Kimberley region of Western Australia by Gray in 1841.
 Cerodrillia simpsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Copelatus speciosus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1892.
 Spheterista pernitida is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Jocara chrysoderas is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Guyana.
 Aethes argentilimitana the Silver-bordered Aethes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Ontario Illinois Indiana Kentucky Maine Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi New Jersey Ohio Pennsylvania Vermont and Wisconsin. The habitat consists of dry open areas of meadows and fields.The length of the forewings is 3.9-5.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white with buff to raw umber markings.
 Turbonilla pupoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ptychoparia is a genus of ptychopariid trilobites: the genus is the type genus of the family PtychopariidaeFossils of the various species are found in Middle Cambrian-aged marine strata of Eurasia and North America about 513 ± 0.3 to 499 ± 1.7 million years ago.
 The Banded Rubber Frog (Phrynomantis bifasciatus) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland water storage areas ponds and canals and ditches.The female can reach a maximum size of 65 mm whereas the tadpoles can reach a size of 37 mm. 
 Siaesella is a genus of submarine cave snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Neritiliidae.
 Monstrotyphis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ilema virescens is a moth in the Lymantriidae family. It is found in India.
 Lesueurigobius suerii Lesueur's goby is a species of goby native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean near the coasts of the Canary Islands and Morocco as well as in the Mediterranean Sea. This species occurs at depths down to 230 metres (750 ft) through most of its range though the population in the Ionian Sea are found much deeper at depths of from 322 to 337 metres (1056 to 1106 ft). This species can reach a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL.
 Belenois theora the Forest Caper White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Sudan and Tanzania. The habitat consists of woodland and forest margins.The larvae feed on Capparis species.
 Oliva rufofulgurata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Mordellistena squamipilosa is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1967.
 Pleurodonte nigrescens is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae.
 Schwartziella sulcostriata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Postplatyptilia eelkoi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Chile.The wingspan is 16-18 mm. Adults are on wing in December and January.
 Coleophora halophilella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Italy Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Croatia Romania Poland Ukraine Greece Crete and southern Russia.The wingspan is about 14 mm.
 Agdistis danutae is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Namibia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewing are grey with four dark dots two in the discal area and at the costal margin. The other two are found in the middle part and at the wing base. The hindwings are uniformly grey. Adults are on wing in April.
 Cnaphalocrocis trapezalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found from Africa to the Pacific region including Australia as well as in the Dominican Republic Mexico and Peru.
 Anthracoceratites is an extinct genus belonging to the of the Dimorphoceratidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Dorsanum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Dindymus versicolor commonly called the harlequin bug is a species of cotton stainer bug (red bug) found in south-eastern Australia and Tasmania. An attractive insect up to 12 mm long with a black head and bands on the fore-wing and orange/red elsewhere. When the wings are folded two red triangles appear. Legs are relatively long.These sucking insects have a reputation as a pest in the garden damaging a wide range of plants. They are known to damage a variety of crops and ornamentals.
 Ypsolopha lucella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Europe and Near East.The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak.
 Paratrechiotes ocydromoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paratrechiotes.
 The montane monkey-faced bat (Pteralopex pulchra) is a megabat endemic to the Solomon Islands. It is listed as a critically endangered species.
 The stripe-necked mongoose (Herpestes vitticollis) is a species of mongoose found in southern India to Sri Lanka.The stripe-necked mongoose is the largest of the Asiatic mongooses. It has a stout body set on short legs. It is easily distinguished by the black stripe that runs laterally on both sides of its neck. The body coloration is a rusty brown to grizzled grey. The relatively short tail is mostly black with grey at the base.
 Chelidonura punctata is a species of sea slug or headshield slug a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aglajidae.
 Pericyma polygramma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in subtropical Africa and is known from Congo Nigeria South Africa and Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 32-38mm.
 The Yellow-throated Hanging Parrot (Loriculus pusillus) is a small species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is endemic to the Indonesian islands of Java and Bali. It is found in forest and adjacent habitats. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Heppnerographa podocarpi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Meleagros is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Meleagros burmanensis Morvan 2004 Meleagros coeruleus Kirschenhofer 1999 Meleagros sikkimensis Andrewes Meleagros sinicola Morvan 2006↑
 Tectisumen is a genus of very small deepwater limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lepetellidae.
 Neumichtis archephanes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 Chirostylus is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Chirostylidae containing the following species: Chirostylus dolichopus Ortmann 1892 Chirostylus micheleae Tirmizi & Khan 1979 Chirostylus novaecaledoniae Baba 1991 Chirostylus ortmanni Miyake & Baba 1968 Chirostylus rostratus Osawa & Nishikiori 1998 Chirostylus stellaris Osawa 2007↑
 Euphaedra cottoni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 See Prospalta (deme) for the subdivision of ancient Attica.Prospalta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stelletta is a genus of demosponge belonging to the family Ancorinidae.
 Lepturges infilatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Octodontidae is a family of rodents restricted to southwestern South America. Thirteen species of octodontid are recognised arranged in nine genera. The best known species is the degu Octodon degus.Octodontids are medium sized rodents ranging from 12 to 20 cm (4.7 to 7.9 in) in body length. They have long silky fur which is typically brownish in color and often paler on the underside. The name 'octodont' derives from the wear pattern of their teeth which resembles a figure 8.
 Acervularia pentagona is an extinct species of tabulate coral.
 Peltastisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family containing two species:Peltastisis cornuta Nutting 1910Peltastisis uniserialis Nutting 1910↑
 Platyxanthus crenulatus is a species of crab in the family Platyxanthidae.This species has a smooth carapace. Adults are found in the sublittoral zone of the occidental Atlantic in the waters of Brazil Uruguay and Argentina.
 The Namoi River snapping turtle (Myuchelys bellii ) also commonly known as Bell's turtle Namoi River Elseya or Bell's saw-shelled turtle is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is endemic to New South Wales Australia.
 Psamatodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mabra is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Megalocranchia fisheri is a species of glass squid. Its natural range covers at least the waters off Hawaii. The species may attain a mantle length of 1.8 m (5.9 ft) and a total length of over 2.7 m (8.9 ft) making it one of the largest species of squid together with the colossal squid (Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni) giant squid (Architeuthis sp.) and robust clubhook squid (Onykia robusta). It inhabits surface and mid-depth waters of open ocean.
 Graphium mendana is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family that is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
 Tigrinota is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Bohemannia is a genus of moths of the Nepticulidae family.
 Ischnocnemis skillmani is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Hovore in 2010.
 Sericaglaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Deccanodon is an extinct genus of chiniquodont cynodont which existed in India during the Late Triassic. The type species is D. maleriensis named in 2007. Deccanodon was the first Triassic cynodont named from India and was found in the Maleri Formation in Adilabad district.
 Stegommata is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Phyllobrostis argillosa is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It was described from a single male from Kranspoort near Pretoria. It is misplaced in Lyonetiidae and even in Yponomeutoidea. The species should probably be placed in the superfamily Tineoidea probably in Tineidae.
 Planctoteuthis is a genus of chiroteuthid squid comprising five species occurring worldwide in lower mesopelagic to bathypelagic depths in tropical to temperate waters. It has been suggested that members of Planctoteuthis are neotenic retaining characteristics of the doratopsis developmental stage. This is marked in the retention of the paralarval tentacular club unique among subadult chiroteuthids. Members lack both photophores and a funnel valve.
 The Solomons White Ibis or Solomon Islands White Ibis (Threskiornis molucca pygmaeus) known locally as the Tagoa is a distinct dwarf subspecies of the Australian White Ibis. It is sometimes considered a full species Threskiornis pygmaeus. It is found only on Rennell and Bellona Islands in the Solomon Islands of Melanesia in the south-west Pacific Ocean.
 Colotini is a tribe of pierid butterflies in the subfamily Pierinae.
 The Tepui Brush Finch (Atlapetes personatus) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Brazil Guyana and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Agonobembix perrieri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Agonobembix.
 Common names: Peruvian forest-pitviper.Bothriopsis oligolepis is a venomous pitviper species found in Peru and Bolivia. The specific name is derived from the Greek words oligo and lepis meaning few scales; probably an allusion to the lower numbers of dorsal and ventral scales that it has compared to B. bilineata. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Williamson's marsupial frog (Gastrotheca williamsoni) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dichelyne alatae is a species of nematode described on the basis of the worms recovered from the intestine of the whiting Sillaginopsis panijus from the estuary of the Hooghly River at Kalyani West Bengal India.
 Transtillaspis cinifera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The length of the forewings is 9.5-10.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish grey the basal half suffused with ash grey and the apical third with dark grey. The hindwings are pale brownish cream and cream white in the basal area.
 Axinoptera infusata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Metarctia brunneoaurantiaca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in Kenya.
 Impages nana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Cyanopepla imperialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Uktaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Melittia endoxantha is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Mozambique and Tanzania.
 Mimoclystia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Type species: Mimoclystia undulosata 	Warren 1901
 Themarohystrix is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Hoplopteron terquemi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This species along with Hoplopteron alifera belongs in the genus Hoplopteron.
 Acrobasis mienshani is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Caradja in 1939. It is found in China.
 Onchidella kurodai is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Trochia cingulata common name : the girdled dogwhelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Conus arangoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Roughhead Shiner (Notropis semperasper) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in the United States.
 Zhuosesia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Zythos molybdina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Torbenia aurivilliusi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Xylotoles costatus the Pitt Island longhorn beetle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It is endemic to New Zealand. Originally thought to be extinct in 1986 it was found again during 1996 on South East Island/Rangatira in the Chatham Islands; the species is now considered a Lazarus taxon.
 Terinebrica complicata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Glyphipterix oxycopis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is found in India (Assam).
 Thala recurva is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Chalicotheres (from Greek chalix gravel + therion beast) were a group of herbivorous odd-toed ungulate (perissodactyl) mammals spread throughout North America Europe Asia and Africa during the Early Eocene to Early Pleistocene subepochs living from 55.8 mya—781000 years ago existing for approximately 55.02 million years.They evolved around 40 million years ago from small forest animals similar to the early horses.
 Xenochlorodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Deuterosaurus is a genus of dinocephalian therapsid one of the nonmammalian synapsids dominating the land during the late Palaeozoic.
 Tethyshadros is a genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur from Italy. The genus was named and described by Italian paleontologist Fabio Marco Dalla Vecchia in 2009. Its only and type species is Tethyshadros insularis. The genus name refers to the Tethys Ocean and the Hadrosauroidea. The specific name means insular or of the island in Latin a reference to the fact that the location of the find was at the time part of the Adriatic-Dinaric Island one of the larger islands of the European Archipelago.
 Laetilia obscura is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Dyar in 1918. It is found on Cuba.
 Emmalocera macrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in South Africa.
 The false catshark (Pseudotriakis microdon) is a species of ground shark in the family Pseudotriakidae and the sole member of its genus. It has a worldwide distribution and has most commonly been recorded close to the bottom over continental and insular slopes at depths of 500–1400 m (1600–4600 ft). Reaching 3.0 m (9.8 ft) in length this heavy-bodied shark can be readily identified by its elongated keel-like first dorsal fin.
 Thymelicus is a Palearctic genus in the skipper butterfly family Hesperiidae. It is the only member of the tribe Thymelini but many skipper butterflies are yet to be assigned to tribes so this might change eventually.
 Amolops cremnobatus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Laos and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Ondina anceps (Gaglini 1992) is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Siphonodendron is an extinct colonial rugose coral common during the Carboniferous period. In fossil form it now appears as a white or brown mass of short spaghetti-like threads usually flattened during distortion of the embedding limestone. It is in the sub-class Hexacorallia of corals with sixfold symmetry.
 Bucculatrix atagina is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Wocke in 1876. It is found in the Alps.The larvae feed on Artemisia campestris. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Victorian (1925–1934) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Kentucky. He was bred and raced by Harry P. Whitney and is best known as the winner of the 1928 American Classic the Preakness Stakes in which he was ridden by future Hall of Fame jockey Sonny Workman.When his racing career ended Victorian was reasonably successful as a sire.
 The Gray Leaf-eared Mouse Graomys griseoflavus is a rodent species from South America. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay; its habitat includes the Gran Chaco.
 Disphragis vivida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Poeciloxestia minuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Axiopoena maura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Eichwald in 1830. It is found in Azerbaijan Turkmenistan Iran Afghanistan and northern Pakistan.
 Tarrasius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. Tarrasius problematicus (of Mississippian origin ~ 350 Ma) featured a fully regionalized tetrapod-like spine divided into 5 distinct segments. It is not considered a transitional fossil though but an extreme example of convergent evolution.
 Eresia clio the Common Crescent or Clio Crescent is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758. It is found from southern Mexico to Peru Bolivia the Guyanas and Brazil (from Amazonas to Mato Grosso). The habitat consists of forest edges with low vegetation.The wingspan is about 36 mm. Adults feed on flower nectar and males have been observed imbibing moisture from sandbanks river beds drying pools or peccary wallows.
 Enneapterygius fasciatus known commonly as the Tiny threefin or the Banded triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was originally described by Weber in 1909 under the name Tripterygium fasciatum which was later renamed Tripterygion fasciatum. It is a tropical blenny found in coral reefs in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans and has been described from East Africa to Papua New Guinea the Solomon Islands and Taiwan. E.
 The Small Grass Yellow (Eurema smilax) is a small pierid butterfly species found in Australia including Lord Howe Island. It is also present on Java.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The upper surfaces of the wings are yellow with a black band around the edge and a black dot near the middle.
 Koalliella is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The Lowland Leopard Frog (Lithobates yavapaiensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Mexico and the United States; in Spanish it is known as rana de Yavapai.Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Lasioderma hemiptychoides is a species of beetles in the genus Lasioderma of the family Anobiidae.
 Gillmeria pallidactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It has a Holarctic distribution and is widespread throughout North America and Eurasia.The wingspan is 23–27 millimetres (0.91–1.06 in). Adults are on wing from June to July in Europe and from June to August in northern North America. They hide amongst low foliage during the day.
 Chrysocercops lithocarpiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Pahang).The wingspan is 4.4-5.4 mm.The larvae feed on Lithocarpus rassa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an interparenchymal blotch.
 Vaguely Noble (1965-1989) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in the United Kingdom and France. The colt is best known as the winner of the 1968 Group one (G1) Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe when he defeated the best horses from England France Ireland and Italy. He was later a leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland and a Leading broodmare sire in GB & Ireland.
 The Red lacewings (Dysochrysa) belong to the green lacewing family Chrysopidae. They are medium-sized Afrotropical lacewings with large eyes and have brightly coloured bodies like the related genus Oviedus.
 Olivella marmosa is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Euthria candidata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Haplochromis obliquidens is a species of cichlid found in Lake Victoria and the adjacent reaches of the Nile. This species can reach a length of 8.9 centimetres (3.5 in) SL.
 Uraspis is a genus of jacks.
 The Grey-breasted Spiderhunter (Arachnothera modesta) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Streaky-breasted Spiderhunter.
 Narangodes argyrostrigatus is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Ring-necked Duck (Aythya collaris) is a diving duck from North America.
 Banassa (foaled 1950) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by Julien Décrion. Named for an ancient Roman village in Morocco she was sired by Décrion's multiple race winner Un Gaillard and out of his mare Fatou Gaye.Banassa was trained by William Head a descendant of the founders of the English Racing Colony at Chantilly. Ridden by Claudius Lalanne as a three-year-old Banassa won the Prix Cleopatre and was second in the French Classic the Prix de Diane.
 Cosmopterix ganymedes is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Argentina (Salta) and Brazil (Goias).Adults were collected in April and May.
 Hypatopa rego is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.2–5.3 mm. The forewings have pale brown scales intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 The Malayan Tailless Leaf-nosed Bat (Coelops robinsoni) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is a very small bat which has long and soft fur. The fur coloration is brown to blackish on the dorsal surface and ashy on the ventral surface. It can be distinguished from the other roundleaf bats by its small size and the absence of the tail. It is listed as vulnerable by the IUCN (Heaney 2008)
 Allomogurnda is a genus of sleeper gobies native to New Guinea and surrounding islands.
 Drachma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Madagascar day gecko (Phelsuma madagascariensis madagascariensis) is a diurnal subspecies of geckos. It lives on the eastern coast of Madagascar and typically inhabits rainforests and dwells on trees. The Madagascar day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 Carabus macrocephalus is a species of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in France and Spain.
 Teleogramma is an African genus of cichlids with only four species. These dark and slender fishes barely reach 10 centimetres (3.9 in) in length and are restricted to rapids in the Congo River in DR Congo/Congo Brazzaville.
 Tinthia xanthospila is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is only known from the type-specimen which was collected at Cedar Bay in Queensland.The length of the forewings is about 7 mm for males.
 Acrobasis homoeosomidia is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Hampson 1901. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia.
 Trachycystis is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 The Green Warbler alternatively named Green Willow Warbler or Green Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus nitidus) is a leaf warbler found in the Caucasus Mountains in southcentral Europe.Like all leaf warblers it was formerly placed in the Old World warbler assemblage but now belongs to the new leaf-warbler family Phylloscopidae. It is most closely related to the Greenish Warbler but is brighter in color and the underside is much more yellow.
 Hasora the awls are a genus of skipper butterflies.
 Diplacodes lefebvrii the Black Percher is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae.
 Bertholdia aroana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1919. It is found in Venezuela.
 Leptotyphlops boulengeri or the Manda flesh-pink blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Neohalecopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Scolypopa australis commonly known as the passionvine hopper is a species of planthopper (Fulgoroidea) in the insect family Ricaniidae found in Australia. Despite their name they are found not only on passion vines but on many different plant species such as the lantana. Brown with partly transparent wings they are about 7mm long as adults and 5mm as nymphs. As an adult they look somewhat like a moth to the untrained eye and walk like a ballerina.
 Gonorynchus gonorynchus is a beaked salmon of the family Gonorynchidae found on temperate continental shelves worldwide. Common names for this fish include mousefish ratfish sandfish and sand eel.
 Carasobarbus exulatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Carasobarbus.
 Apicalia tryoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Coreura lysimachides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Vaceuchelus saguili is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Sericophylla is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Archithosia tryphosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1958. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 The purple sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus lives along the eastern edge of the Pacific Ocean extending from Ensenada Mexico to British Columbia Canada. This sea urchin species is deep purple in color and lives in lower intertidal and nearshore subtidal communities. It normally grows to a diameter of about 4 inches and may live as long as 70 years.
 Gyros is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Locust Leafroller Moth (Sciota subcaesiella) is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in North America including Maryland New Jersey Oklahoma Iowa North Carolina South Carolina Georgia Alabama Mississippi Maine New Hampshire New York Massachusetts Pennsylvania the District of Columbia Virginia Tennessee Illinois Missouri Arkansas Nova Scotia and Ontario.The larvae feed on Robinia hispida Robinia pseudoacacia Robinia viscosa and Robinia nana.
 Fumarioideae is a subfamily of the family Papaveraceae (the poppy family). It was formerly treated as a separate family the Fumariacae (the fumitory fumewort or bleeding-heart family). It consists of about 575 species of herbaceous plants in 20 genera native to the Northern Hemisphere and South Africa.
 Acraea sambavae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Norway lemming also Norwegian lemming (Lemmus lemmus) is a common species of lemming found in northern Fennoscandia. It is the only vertebrate species endemic to the region. The Norway lemming dwells in tundra and fells and prefers to live near water. Adults feed primarily on sedges grasses and moss. They are active at both day and night alternating naps with periods of activity.
 The Tamil Treebrown Lethe drypetis is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in Asia.
 Eilema lemur is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found in Madagascar.
 Brachodes gressitti is a moth of the Brachodidae family that is endemic to Chinese province of Hainan.
 Acerbia cornuta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Saldaitis Ivinskis and Witt in 2004. It is found in the Turkestan Mountains at the Uzbekistan-Tajikistan border.
 Gallotia simonyi redirects here. This page deals mostly with the extant subspecies Gallotia simonyi machadoi. For the extinct nominate subspecies see here.Gallotia simonyi is a species of lacertid (wall lizard) that can be found on the island of El Hierro one of the Canary Islands. The species was once present throughout much of the island and on the small offshore Roque Chico de Salmor but is now confined to a few small areas of cliff with sparse vegetation.
 Boeckella is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae.
 The spinifex hopping mouse (Notomys alexis) also known as the tarkawara or tarrkawarra occurs throughout the central and western Australian arid zones occupying both spinifex-covered sand flats and stabilised sand dunes and loamy mulga and melaleuca flats.The population fluctuates greatly: in normal years it is sparsely distributed and probably confined to sandy country; after rain the population explodes and spreads to other types of habitat for a time.They are mostly seen at night bounding across open ground on their large hind feet with tails extended and the body almost horizontal.
 Euglandina titan is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Phrynopus wettsteini is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to the Andes region of Peru.
 Decachorda is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The African black shrew (Crocidura nigrofusca) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Rwanda Sudan Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Kharmerungulatum is an extinct genus of Condylarth from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) Intertrappean Beds of Andhra Pradesh India. Its specific epithet honors Leigh Van Valen. It is considered to be one of the earliest known condylarths.
 Eupithecia raniata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India (West Bengal) Nepal Myanmar and northern Thailand.
 Galomecalpa tamaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.The wingspan is about 27 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange at the costa postmedially but pale brownish in other areas. The markings are dark brown. The hindwings are grey strigulated with brownish grey.
 Gongylonema ingluvicola is a species in the genus Gongylonema. It is one of the spirurid nematodes that infect a vast array of animals throughout the world. Infections have been noted in both humans and in animals ranging from cows to birds. As of recent there have been 50+ human cases reported in countries such as New Zealand Australia Middle East China and United States.G. ingluvicola like other tissue-dwelling species require an insect intermediate host to ingest eggs.
 Ochyrotica zolotuhini is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 16–18 mm. The head is covered with brown upright hair. The antennae are slender and pale brown and the thorax is glossy silver. There is a broad white band located on the forewings there broadening closer to the apex where it forms irregular triangle. The hindwings are uniform brown and the fringe on both wings is brown.
 Emmalocera transecta is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Pseudotephritis ussurica is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pseudotephritis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Philodromus buchari is a spider species found in Europe.
 Trimerotropis occidentaloides is a species of insect in family Acrididae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Eupoecilia acrographa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland and New South Wales).
 Hypsopygia fuscalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1891. It is found in India.
 Polyterpnes is a genus of moths of the Pyralidae family.
 Mordellistena saganensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1952.
 Leptodactylus latrans is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
 Polemicella saurini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Turquoise Parrot (Neophema pulchella) is a parrot of the grass parrot genus Neophema native to Eastern Australia from southeastern Queensland through New South Wales and into north-eastern Victoria. A small parrot at around 20 cm (8 in) long it exhibits sexual dimorphism. The male is predominantly green in colour and more yellowish below with a bright turquoise blue face and red shoulders on the predominantly blue wings.
 Polystira formosissima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Demon emperor or Dusky charaxes (Charaxes phaeus) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in southern Africa.The wingspan is 48–56 mm in males and 50–60 mm in females. It flies year-round with peaks from February to May and in spring.The larvae feed on Acacia nigrescens Amblygonocarpus andongensis Erythrophleum africanum and Tamarindus indica.
 Ectopleura is a genus of hydrozoans in the family Tubulariidae.
 Craterophorus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Henricus tenerima is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Nuevo Leon).
 The mosaic pleurobranch scientific name Pleurobranchus albiguttatus is a species of sea slug a sidegill slug a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Kurilohadalia elongata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Lioglyphostoma antillarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Stigmella ingens is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Donkerhoek in Transvaal).
 The Costa's Hummingbird (Calypte costae) is a species of hummingbird.The Costa's Hummingbird is very small a mature adult growing to only 3–3.5 in (7.6–8.9 cm) in length. The male Costa's has a mainly green back and flanks a small black tail and wings and patches of white below their gorgeted throat and tail. The male Costa's Hummingbird's most distinguishing feature is its vibrant purple cap and throat with the throat feathers flaring out and back behind its head.
 The sand goanna (Varanus gouldii) is a large Australian monitor lizard also known as Gould's monitor the sand monitor or racehorse goanna.In some Aboriginal languages the sand goanna is called bungarra a term commonly used by nonaboriginal people in Western Australia too.The name 'sand monitor' can be used to describe various other species. Gould's monitor is a terrestrial or ground-dwelling reptile that excavates large burrows for shelter.
 Hellinsia inquinatus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Florida Mississippi Oklahoma Tennessee Maryland Alabama Texas Missouri Colorado and Arizona. It has also been recorded from Hispaniola Mexico Puerto Rico and St. Thomas Island.The wingspan is about 16–18 millimetres (0.63–0.71 in). The head and thorax are grey spotted with white. The abdomen is grey.
 Anthidium banningense is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Aplodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Sparganothis pilleriana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The moth flies in one generation from July to August.The larvae feed on Salix repens Fragaria and grape.
 Watsonidia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Eupithecia calligraphata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Nyridela is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Pasiphila fumipalpata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Golden Dartlet (Ischnura aurora) is a species of damselfly. There are three described subspecies: Ischnura aurora aurora (Brauer 1865) Ischnura aurora rubilio (Selys 1876) Ischnura aurora viduata (Lieftinck 1949).
 Barbus ditinensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Spot-winged Falconet (Spiziapteryx circumcincta) is a species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Spiziapteryx.[citation needed]It is found in Argentina Bolivia Paraguay and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Helcystogramma epicentra is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1911. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 Pomatiopsis lapidaria is an amphibious species of snail with gills and an operculum a gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.Pomatiopsis lapidaria is the type species of the genus Pomatiopsis.
 Cirrhinus rubirostris is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cirrhinus.
 The Eastern Smooth Frog or Victorian Smooth Froglet (Geocrinia victoriana) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Marginella mauretanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Ariadne merione also known as the Common Castor is an orange butterfly with brown lines whose larvae feed almost exclusively on Castor Ricinus communis. It is similar in appearance to Ariadne ariadne the Angled Castor.This species is found in south-eastern Asia. Their wingspan ranges between 30–35mm. Like others in the Nymphalidae family their front two legs are small and unused effectively making them four-legged.
 Gravitcornutia camacae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Bahia).The wingspan is 10.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish cream with brownish yellow strigulae and dots. The hindwings are brown cream.
 Dioryctria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Zeller in 1846.
 Euryphaedra is a butterfly genus in the Nymphalidae family. It contains only one species Euryphaedra thauma which is found in Cameroon and Gabon.
 Felis chaus prateri is a subspecies of the jungle cat that inhabits western India and Sindh.In the 1930s Pocock reviewed the Natural History Museum’s jungle cat skins and skulls from British India and adjacent countries. Based mainly on differences in fur length and colour he newly described six larger skins from Sind under the trinomen Felis chaus prateri.It inhabits wetlands in areas with arid climates and lives under dense and wet jungle cover.
 Parorchestia tenuis is a species of amphipod in the family Talitridae. It is widespread and common in New Zealand and is only missing from Canterbury and North Otago.
 Blastobasis magna is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found on the Channel Islands in Italy Portugal Spain and on Sardinia and Sicily.
 Omphalotropis vohimenae is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Philosina is a damselfly genus. This genus makes up the monotypic subfamily Philosininae of the damselfly family Megapodagrionidae. The subfamily is only found in countries in Asia.Species include: Philosina alba Philosina buchi
 Don't Forget Me (10 April 1984 – March 2010) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1987. He showed promising form as a two-year-old in 1986 winning three of his four races including the Lanson Champagne Stakes and the Champagne Stakes. In the early part of 1987 he survived an injury scare to win the 2000 Guineas and completed a rare double by winning the Irish 2000 Guineas two weeks later.
 Ledrinae is a relatively small subfamily within the very large and diverse leafhopper family Cicadellidae. The subfamily contains approximately 450 species in 5 tribes (Ledrini Petalocephalini Stenocotini Thymbrini and Xerophloeini) and 73 genera distributed worldwide but primarily in Australia Africa and the Indo-Malayan region.
 Trimac cichlid Cichlasoma trimaculatum is a three spot cichlid is a rarely found aquarium fish. They are often mistaken for low grade Flowerhorns.
 Parhyale is a genus of amphipod crustaceans containing the following species:Parhyale aquilina (Costa 1853)Parhyale basrensis Salman 1986Parhyale eburnea Krapp-Schickel 1974Parhyale explorator Arresti 1989Parhyale fascigera Stebbing 1897Parhyale hachijoensis Hiwatari 2002Parhyale hawaiensis (Dana 1853)Parhyale inyacka K. H.
 Ischnopterix is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Maxilua is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hemiphractus (known as horned (tree)frogs) is a genus of frogs found in South America and Panama.
 Mesothen samina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama.
 Neasarta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eupithecia fibigeri is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.The wingspan is about 16.5-20.5 mm. The forewings are pale brownish grey and the hindwings are slightly paler brownish grey.
 Tirraturhinus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.
 Acrocercops prompta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Tamil Nadu India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916.
 Starksia nanodes is a species of labrisomid blenny native to coral reefs of the Caribbean Sea and the adjacent Atlantic Ocean. This species can reach a length of 2.2 centimetres (0.87 in) SL.
 Sleeper gobies are members of the Eleotridae fish family found predominantly in the tropical Indo-Pacific with about 35 genera and 150 species. While many eleotrids pass through a planktonic stage in the sea and some spend their entire lives in the sea as adults the majority live in freshwater streams and brackish waters. A few species (e.g. Milyeringa Typhleotris and some Bostrychus) are troglobitic.
 Spilarctia strigatula is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Sundaland Thailand Nepal and Burma.The ground colour is dull brownish red the forewings heavily suffused with brown and flecked with black.The larvae feed on Dioscorea Alternanthera Commelina Gerbera Ipomoea Musa Paspalum Sesbania and Vanda species. They have a dark brown body with pale orange-brown tufts.
 Necydalopsis trizonatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Necydalopsis.
 Ectoedemia thermae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Transvaal).The larvae feed on Vitex wilmsii.
 Assiminea avilai is a species of minute operculate snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Miche (foaled in 1945) was an Argentinian Thoroughbred racehorse who was imported to the United States in 1948 where he successfully competed at the top levels of racing. He was raced from a base in California by Muriel Vanderbilt Adams the daughter of William and Virginia Vanderbilt both of whom were heavily involved in the sport.Trained by Eddie Hayward for the majority of his career in 1949 Miche equaled the Hollywood Park track record for 7 furlongs on dirt with a time of 1:21 4/5.
 Trypeta lichtensteinii is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Eulimella digenes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acrolophus echinura is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Brachionus nilsoni is a euryhaline (tolerates a wide range of salinity) rotifer in the Family Brachionidae. The species is distinguishablefrom all brachionids by lacking posterior spines by the shape of the foot apertures and the posterior portion of its lorica and the long thin occipital spines. It is named after Börje Carlin-Nilsson.
 Caloptilia syngenica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Bertkauia lucifuga is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in such European countries as Austria Benelux Bulgaria Finland Great Britain Greece Hungary Italy Ireland Norway Poland Portugal Romania Spain Sweden and Switzerland. The species could also be found on islands like Madeira and Malta. Besides Europe the species are common in North Africa and in Near East. The species are brownish-black coloured.
 Centrocoris spiniger is a species of Coreidae family subfamily Coreinae.A distinctive character of Centrocoris spiniger in respect of Centrocoris variegatus are longer antennae.It is found in most of Europe.
 Asura marginatana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Utetheisa mendax is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Skoka is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Micropentila kelleana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo (Kelle). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Sparganothis daphnana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America including Newfoundland and Nova Scotia.
 Graptodytes delectus is a species of beetle in family Dytiscidae. It is endemic to Spain.
 The Sulawesi Spiny Rat (Echiothrix leucura) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only on Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Tolidostena is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Subgenus Neotolidostena Kiyoyama 1991Tolidostena hayashii (Kiyoyama 1991)Tolidostena taiwana (Kiyoyama 1987)Subgenus Tolidostena Ermisch 1942Tolidostena atripennis Nakane 1956Tolidostena ermischi Nakane 1956Tolidostena fusei (Tokeji)Tolidostena japonica (Tokeji 1953)Tolidostena montana Kiyoyama 1991Tolidostena similator Kiyoyama 1991Tolidostena tarsalis Ermisch 1942↑
 Microchlora eariasella is a species of snout moths in the genus Microchlora. It was described by Hampson in 1901 and is known from the Malay Archipelago Indonesia.
 Xyletobius meyrickii is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Borsonella erosina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 The Cape Wagtail (Motacilla capensis) is a small passerine bird in the family Motacillidae which includes the wagtails pipits and longclaws.This species breeds in much of Africa from eastern Zaire and Angola across to Kenya and south to the Cape in South Africa.This is an insectivorous bird of open country often near habitation and water. It prefers bare areas or short grass for feeding where it can see and pursue its prey.
 Alucita amalopis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found on Samoa.
 Probolodus heterostomus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the basins of the southeastern coastal rivers. It is the only member of its genus.
 Serincia lineata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Reich in 1933. It is found in Brazil.
 Charommataea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Heterogymna zacentra is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in India.
 Commotria castaneipars is a species of snout moths in the genus Commotria. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Malawi and South Africa.
 Thyretes buettikeri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wiltshire in 1983. It is found in Saudi Arabia.
 Deltoblastus is a genus of blastoid echinoderm that lived in the Permian. Its fossils are known from Asia.
 Saphenista rosariana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Cuba.The wingspan is about 7.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with pale brownish cream suffusions and browner dots. The markings are pale brownish cream with a slight olive hue. The hindwings are pale brownish cream.
 Orthogonius virgulatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1931.
 Heterocryphia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dasycnemia depressalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Dasycnemia. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Peru.
 Renaniana is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Glaucidium is also a plant genus in the Buttercup family Ranunculaceae.
 Heteroscarus acroptilus the Rainbow cale is a species of weed whiting endemic to Australia where it is found in marine waters along the southern coast. It inhabits rocky reefs that have plentiful growth of brown algae and also in beds of seagrass (particularly those of the genus Posidonia. It occurs at depths of from 1 to 15 metres (3.3 to 49.2 ft). This species grows to a length of 24 centimetres (9.4 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Sunda Frogmouth (Batrachostomus cornutus) is a species of bird typically placed in the family Podargidae of the order Caprimulgiformes. But recent research suggests that the old order Podargiformes should be re-established wherein like its closest relatives it might be better placed in a distinct family Batrachostomidae.It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia where it occurs on Borneo and Sumatra.
 Phacopida (Lens-face) is an order of trilobite that lived from the Ordovician to the Devonian. It is made up of a morphologically diverse group of related suborders.The origin of the Phacopida order is uncertain. It comprises three suborders (Phacopina Calymenina and Cheirurina) which share a distinctive protaspis (developmental stage lacking segments) type.
 Pelycothorax tylauchenioides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Pelycothorax.
 Dalquestia is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Sphecops is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Sphecops arctata which is found in Brazil.
 Coleoxestia sobrina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Mylothra forsteri is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Iran.
 Luciobarbus graecus is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is here placed in Luciobarbus following the IUCN but that genus is very closely related to the other typical barbels and perhaps better considered a mere subgenus of Barbus. Found in and adjacent to Greece its closest living relative seems to be L.
 Dosina zelandica zelandica is a subspecies of sea snail a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.
 Leioselia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Blue Finch or Yellow-billed Blue Finch (Porphyrospiza caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. Sometimes classified in the bunting and American sparrow family Emberizidae a recent study[citation needed] has shown it to belong in the Thraupidae. It in the monotypic genus Porphyrospiza.[citation needed]It is found in Bolivia and Brazil. Its natural habitat is dry savanna. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Praefaunula is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Orcula pseudodolium is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orculidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Opisthopterus is a genus of longfin herring in the family Clupeidae. There are currently six species in this genus.
 Ypsolopha divisella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from France.The wingspan is 16–17 mm.The larvae feed Ephedra altissima
 Aragorn (foaled in 2002) is an Irish millionaire Thoroughbred racehorse who won major Graded stakes races in 2005 and 2006.Retired to stud Aragorn stands in Lane's End Farm in Kentucky.
 Zenochloris densepunctata is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fuchs in 1976.
 Meharia incurvariella is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Algeria Morocco Iran Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Cerithiopsis antemunda is a species of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Bartsch in 1911.
 Meliscaeva cinctella is a Europen and North American species of hoverfly.
 Parrotfishes are a group of about 90 species traditionally regarded as a family (Scaridae) but now often considered a subfamily (Scarinae) of the wrasses. They are found in relatively shallow tropical and subtropical oceans throughout the world displaying their largest species richness in the Indo-Pacific. They are found in coral reefs rocky coasts and seagrass beds and play a significant role in bioerosion.
 †'Carelia necra was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea. This species was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
 The Vancouver Island marmot (Marmota vancouverensis) naturally occurs only in the high mountains of Vancouver Island in British Columbia Canada. This particular marmot species is large compared to some other marmots and most other rodents.
 Phyllodactylus is a genus of geckos distributed in South America and Central America and as far north as the southern United States. They are commonly known as leaf-toed geckos in their native range and otherwise as American leaf-toed geckos to distinguish them from unrelated genera with similar feet.
 Jaydia is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Gymnobela homeotata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae. Not much is known about this species as it is relatively uncommon. There has been a total of five documented occurrences of this species being spotted.
 Kakumia ferruginea is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Cameroon and the Republic of Congo.
 Erbessa seducta is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The length of the forewings is 15-16 mm.
 Urtea graeca is a species of beetle in the family Lymexylidae the only species in the genus Urtea.
 Bihastina is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 Aslauga febe is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Pipiza is a genus Hoverflies from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera. Most are dark hoverflies.
 The guppy (Poecilia reticulata) also known as million fish and rainbow fish is one of the world's most widely distributed tropical fish and one of the most popular freshwater aquarium fish species. It is a member of the Poeciliidae family and like all other members of the family is live-bearing. Guppies whose natural range is in northeast South America were introduced to many habitats and are now found all over the world.
 Megasis noctileucella is a species of snout moths in the genus Megasis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Armenia.
 Amphiesma platyceps commonly known as the Himalayan keelback is a species of grass snake endemic to South Asia.
 Paratassa is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Paratassa acuminata Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa aegyptiaca Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa agadeziaca Bily 2004 Paratassa arabica Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa aurulenta Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa coraebiformis (Fairmaire 1875) Paratassa medioatlassica Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa meridionalis Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa occidentalis Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa orientalis Bily & Volkovitsh 1996 Paratassa ringenbachi LIberto & Gigli 2005 Paratassa tunesiaca Bily & Volkovitsh 1996↑
 Lucapina aegis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The African Silverbill (Lonchura cantans) is a small passerine bird formerly considered conspecific with the Asian species Indian Silverbill (Lonchura malabarica). This estrildid finch is a common resident breeding bird in dry savanna habitat south of the Sahara Desert. This species is also been introduced to a few countries such as Portugal Qatar and USA.
 Fapua is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Campethera is a genus of bird in the Picidae family.
 Tricarina is a genus of decapod crustaceans known from a single incomplete fossil specimen from the Cretaceous of western Iran. It has a flattened body with three longitudinal ridges which give it its name.
 Selenotichnus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Selenotichnus klapkai Kataev & Wrase 2006 Selenotichnus olegi Kataev 1999 Selenotichnus parvulus Kataev & Wrase 2006↑
 The Atlantic pomfret or Ray's bream Brama brama is a pomfret of the family Bramidae found in the Atlantic Indian and South Pacific Oceans at depths down to 1000 m. Its length is between 40 and 100 cm. In South Africa where it is a common bycatch of the hake fishery it is generally known (and sold) as angelfish although it is not a true marine angelfish.
 Aphaenogaster mediterrae has been discovered and described by Shattuck S. O. in 2008.
 Urophora quinquemaculata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Metagrypa is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It consists of only one species Metagrypa tetrarrhyncha which is found in Taiwan.
 Lamproxynella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Paleomattea is an extinct genus of prawn containing the single species Paleomattea deliciosa. The species is only known from the stomach contents of the fish Rhacolepis which is referred to by the specific epithet deliciosa (delicious) and in the generic name where mattea means delicacy.
 Dysdera aculeata is a spider species found from Central Asia. It has been introduced in Croatia.
 Sacrator is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Gastrotheca griswoldi is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland arable land and pastureland.It is sometimes known as Griswold's Marsupial Frog.
 Anthidium sinuatellum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Brycea disjuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico Guatemala and Brazil.
 Adrama is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae. Some species like Adrama austeni are found in tea plantations where they can cause some damage.
 Gastromyzon umbrus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 The whitecheek surgeonfish also known as the goldenrim surgeonfish or yellow-spotted surgeonfish Acanthurus nigricans is a reef-associated tang found from the central Indo-Pacific area to the eastern Pacific coast Hawaii included. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 21.3 cm in length.
 Kudoa is a genus of myxozoan.
 Anabarites is a problematic lower Cambrian genus and is one of the small shelly fossils. It was abundant in the early Tommotian and is also found in the Nemakit-Daldynian.The fossils represent the triradially symmetrical mineralised tube in which the organism dwelt; it was sedentary. It is named after the Anabar region in Yakutia Russia; its name does not imply 'heavy'.
 Dialectica trigonidota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Snow Partridge (Lerwa lerwa) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae found widely distributed across the high-altitude Himalayan regions of India Pakistan Nepal and China. It is the only species within its genus. The species is found in alpine pastures and open hillside above the treeline but not in as bare rocky terrain as the Himalayan Snowcock and is not as wary as that species. Males and females look similar in plumage but males have a spur on their tarsus.
 Ectoedemia helenella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Wilkinson in 1981. It is known from Florida.The wingspan is about 6 mm.
 The Mormon Fritillary (Speyeria mormonia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family of North America. It is common from northern California to British Columbia and west Saskatchewan Colorado and western South Dakota.This butterfly is dark orange coloured with distinct black bars and dots in a zig-zag pattern on the topside. The wing margins are dark with lighter circles then dark crescents.
 Littorina mandshurica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Bicyclus dubia the Dubious Scalloped Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic the southern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo western Uganda north-western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of swamp and riverine forests.Adults are attracted to fermented bananas.The larvae feed on Poaceae species.
 Mordellistena vestita is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1944.
 Pseudoneptis is a genus of brush-footed butterflies. It contains only one species Pseudoneptis bugandensis the Blue Sailer or Blue Sergeant. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Sudan Tanzania and Zambia.
 Elenchidae is an insect family in the order Strepsiptera.
 More Than Real (Foaled on April 15 2008) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.Out of the mare Miss Seffens More Than Real was sired by More Than Ready. She is owned by Bobby Flay and trained by Todd Pletcher. More Than Real won Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turfwhere she beat the favourite Winter Memories who finished 2nd and a head back finished Kathmanblu. At two she also won her Maiden race and she finished 2nd in Natalma Stakes -Gr.3.
 Clavus cantharis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Diatomocera hoplidice is a species of snout moths in the genus Diatomocera. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Poecilosomella conspicua is a distinctive species of fly belonging to the family Sphaeroceridae. It is only known from the Crocker Range Sabah in northern Borneo.This is a large and robust fly compared to most of its congeners with a body length of up to 3 mm. The body is generally dark with prominent yellow rings on the legs and yellow base to the halteres. The wings are brown with some darker and lighter markings.
 Hipposideros rotalis the Laotian leaf-nosed bat or Laotian roundleaf bat is a species of bat from the Rhinolophidae family which is endemic to Bolikhamsai Province Laos . Only a small number of individuals have been recorded however the population size is thought to be large as it has been found to cover a range of more than 20000 km2.
 Vexillum puerile is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Daceton is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. The genus contains only two species: D. armigerum the most studied species distributed throughout northern South America and D. boltoni known from Brazil and Peru.The genus has been considered primitive with respect to other members of the Dacetini but a phylogenetic analysis of the tribe is necessary to fully understand the relationships of its constituent species and genera.
 Chaetopelma altugkadirorum is a small Old World tarantula. This species is found in the Eastern Mediterranean in border area of Turkey and Syria. The species closely resembles Chaetopelma olivaceum a widespread species in the region. It was first described by British arachnologists Richard C. Gallon Ray Gabriel and Guy Tansley in 2012. With the description of this new species the genus Chaetopelma now comprises five species.
 Tolidomordella is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Tolidomordella discoidea (Melsheimer 1845)Tolidomordella discoidea discoidea (Melsheimer 1845)Tolidomordella discoidea flaviventris (Smith 1883)Tolidomordella fenestrata (Champion 1891)↑
 The Old World monkeys or Cercopithecidae are a group of primates falling in the superfamily Cercopithecoidea in the clade (or parvorder) of Catarrhini. The Old World monkeys are native to Africa and Asia today inhabiting a range of environments from tropical rain forest to savanna shrubland and mountainous terrain and are also known from Europe in the fossil record. However a (possibly introduced) free-roaming group of monkeys still survives in Gibraltar (Europe) to this day.
 Graphium stratiotes is a butterfly found in Borneo that belongs to the Swallowtail family.
 Cameraria fletcherella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada (Québec and Ontario) and the United States (Illinois and Maine).The wingspan is 8.5–9 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species including Quercus alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Allocota bicolor is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as China Laos Thailand and Viet Nam.
 Stop The Music (March 23 1970 - July 8 2005) was an American thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
 Actinus imperialis is a beetle of the Staphylinidae family Staphylinidae subfamily.
 Afromarengo is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 The trillers (Lalage) are a genus of passerine birds belonging to the cuckoo-shrike family Campephagidae. Their name comes from the loud trilling calls of the males. There are about 12 species which occur in southern Asia and Australasia with a number of species on Pacific islands. They feed mainly on insects and fruit. They build a neat cup-shaped nest high in a tree.They are fairly small birds about 15 to 20 cm long. They are mainly black grey and white in colour.
 Procecidochares kristineae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Procecidochares of the family Tephritidae.
 Sternochetus mangiferae (Fabricius) (=Cryptorhynchus mangiferae Fabricius) is a weevil commonly known as the 'Mango seed weevil' (also known as mango stone weevil mango weevil). It is a compact weevil typical of the Cryptorhynchinae. It was first described in 1775 in the genus Curculio. The adults are 7.5-9.5 mm long and 4 mm in width. The colour varies and they may be covered with black greyish reddish or yellowish scales.
 Phrynopus tautzorum is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Orthogonius nahaeo is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Hypsopygia glaucinalis is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is sometimes placed in the genus Orthopygia either alone or with a few other species. Being the type species of Orthopygia as soon as O. glaucinalis is placed in Ocrasa (as is done here) Orthopygia is abolished. To further complicate matters Ocrasa is now mostly treated as a synonym or subgenus of Hypsopygia.It is native to the European continent. The wingspan is 23–31 mm.
 Phrygiomurex is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Peritropha oligodrachma is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm The larvae live in a tunnel on the underside of a leaf of its food plant. It feeds on the leaves of various Eucalyptus species.
 Lecanomerus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Lacenomerus aberrans Macleay 1871 Lacenomerus angustior Darlington 1968 Lacenomerus ater (Macleay 1871) Lacenomerus atriceps (Macleay 1871) Lacenomerus australis (Blackburn 1888) Lacenomerus bicolor (Sloane 1900) Lacenomerus carteri Sloane 1911 Lacenomerus concolor (Macleay 1871) Lacenomerus curtus Sloane 1911 Lacenomerus discoidalis (Blackburn 1888) Lacenomerus domesticus (Montrouzier 1860) Lacenomerus insignitus Broun 1880 Lacenomerus lateridens (Fauvel 1882) Lacenomerus latimanus Bates 1874 Lacenomerus latior Darlington 1968 Lacenomerus limbatus Moore 1967 Lacenomerus lindi Blackburn 1888 Lacenomerus lucidus Sloane 1917 Lacenomerus major Blackburn 1892 Lacenomerus marrisi Larochelle & Lariviere 2005 Lacenomerus medius Darlington 1968 Lacenomerus niger (Darlington 1956) Lacenomerus obesulus Bates 1878 Lacenomerus obtusus (Sloane 1920) Lacenomerus parvicollis (Fauvel 1882) Lacenomerus recticollis (Macleay 1888) Lacenomerus ruficeps Macleay 1871 Lacenomerus scalaris (Fauvel 1882) Lacenomerus sharpi (Csiki 1932) Lacenomerus speluncarius (Moore 1967) Lacenomerus striatus Blackburn 1892 Lacenomerus tasmanicus (Bates 1878) Lacenomerus verticalis (Erichson 1842) Lacenomerus vestigialis (Erichson 1842) Lacenomerus victoriensis (Blackburn 1891)↑
 Vulmara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Vulmara drostana which is found in Guatemala.
 Cyanopepla bertha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Yolanda's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys yolandae) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. The species is endemic to Santa Fe Province northeast Argentina where it lives near rivers. Its karyotype has 2n = 50 and FN = 78. It is named after Argentine biologist Yolanda Davis.
 Pomacea flagellata is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae. In older literature this species was known as ghiesbrechti and today is still poorly understood.The shell is nearly globular often reaching almost 100 mm in height but distinctly narrower with a large aperture. The shell surface often appears dimpled or hammered and can range in color from olive-green to reddish-brown with colored bands.
 Graceful Racer (also commonly known as Slender Racer) Coluber gracilis is a species of snake found in India.
 The Fire-eyed Diucon (Xolmis pyrope) is a passerine bird of South America belonging to the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It is usually placed with the monjitas in the genus Xolmis but was sometimes placed in its own genus Pyrope in the past.It is 19–21 cm long. The upperparts are mainly plain grey. The underparts are pale grey with white throat and undertail-coverts.
 Scaphirhynchinae is a subfamily of sturgeon which includes two genera comprising a total of six species.Genus Scaphirhynchus Heckel 1835 (native to North America)Scaphirhynchus albus (Forbes & R. E. Richardson 1905) (Pallid sturgeon)Scaphirhynchus platorynchus (Rafinesque 1820) (Shovelnose sturgeon)Scaphirhynchus suttkusi J. D.
 Dolycoris is a genus of shield bug in the family Pentatomidae.
 The Illioneus Giant Owl (Caligo illioneus) is an owl butterfly belonging to the nymphalid family Morphinae subfamily tribe Brassolini.
 Calliotropis infundibulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Tyrant (foaled 1799) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from April 1802 to April 1803 he ran four times and won two races. In the summer of 1802 he won the Derby on his second racecourse appearance but the rest of his form was moderate and he was not considered the best of his generation.
 Splendrillia runcinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Chersotis ocellina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the mountainous areas of Europe especially in the Alps (on heights between 1500 and 2500 meters) the Apennine Mountains Pyrenees and the Cantabrian mountains.The wingspan is 25–28 mm. The moth flies from July to August in one generation.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 The Sri Lankan axis deer (Axis axis ceylonensis) or Ceylon spotted deer is a subspecies of axis deer (Axis axis) that inhabits only Sri Lanka. The name chital is not used in Sri Lanka. Its validity is disputed and some maintain that the axis deer is monotypic (i.e. has no subspecies).
 Sciota marmorata is a species of snout moths in the genus Sciota. It was described by Alpheraky in 1877. It is found in Romania Ukraine and Russia.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Caragana arborescens and Robinia pseudoacacia.
 Callidiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Callidiellum Callidium Calydon Elatotrypes Meriellum Phymatodes Physocnemum Pnigomenus Poecilium Pronocera Ropalopus Semanotus Thrichocalydon Xylocrius↑
 Auchmophanes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Prototheora drackensbergae is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known only from the type locality east of the Drackensberg escarpment in KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is about 20.3 mm.
 Tiger snakes are a type of venomous snake found in southern regions of Australia including its coastal islands and Tasmania. These snakes are highly variable in their colour often banded like those on a tiger and forms in their regional occurrences. All populations are in the genus Notechis and their diverse characters have been described in further subdivisions of this group; they are sometimes described as distinct species and/or subspecies.
 The Wavy-lined Emerald Moth or Camouflaged Looper (Synchlora aerata) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of North America.The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults are green with scalloped or wavy white transverse lines.The larvae feed on a wide variety of plants including the flower heads of composite flowers and other flowering plants as well as shrubs and trees.
 The Slaty-tailed Trogon Trogon massena is a near passerine bird in the trogon family Trogonidae. It breeds in lowlands from southeastern Mexico south through Central America to Colombia and a small region of northwestern Ecuador.It is a resident of the canopy and higher levels of damp tropical forests but comes lower in adjacent semi-open areas.
 Cercopimorpha hoffmanni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1931. It is found in Brazil.
 Lophalia auricomis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Linsley in 1979.
 Pontohedyle is a genus of sea slugs acochlidians shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Microhedylidae. Sea slugs in this genus are highly simplified and uniform.
 The Stalked Sea Squirt Styela clava is a solitary hermaphroditic ascidian tunicate that is found off Australia and New Zealand both coasts of North America and Europe.These sea squirts are characterized by their brown or yellow rough and wrinkled surface. They can grow to be about 6 in (15 cm) tall and can be found on lobster pots pilings and fishing nets. This species of sea squirts is native to Japan.
 Mordellistena korschefskyi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1941 by Ermisch.
 Tibioscarites is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tibioscarites excisomandibularis Banninger 1929 Tibioscarites uluguruanus Basilewsky 1976↑
 Prosopogmus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Prosopogmus aoupiniensis Will 2011 Prosopogmus austrinus Sloane 1895 Prosopogmus boisduvalii (Castelnau 1867) Prosopogmus chalybeipennis (Chaudoir 1843) Prosopogmus delicatulus Tschitscherine 1898 Prosopogmus fortis Will 2011 Prosopogmus foveipennis (Macleay 1871) Prosopogmus harpaloides (Chaudoir 1874) Prosopogmus impressifrons (Chaudoir 1865) Prosopogmus insperatus Sloane 1896 Prosopogmus interstitialis Sloane 1923 Prosopogmus irideus Fauvel 1903 Prosopogmus leai Sloane 1920 Prosopogmus lescheni Will 2011 Prosopogmus monochrous (Chaudoir 1865) Prosopogmus namoyensis Sloane 1895 Prosopogmus occidentalis (Macleay 1888) Prosopogmus oghisensis Will 2011 Prosopogmus oodiformis (Macleay 1871) Prosopogmus opacidermis Sloane 1923 Prosopogmus punctifer Sloane 1920 Prosopogmus reichei (Castelnau 1867) Prosopogmus rubricornis Sloane 1895 Prosopogmus savesi Fauvel 1882 Prosopogmus sulcatulus (Chaudoir 1873) Prosopogmus suspectus (Chaudoir 1878) Prosopogmus tasmanicus Sloane 1920 Prosopogmus yarrensis Sloane 1915↑
 Semotilus atromaculatus known as the creek chub or the common creek chub is a small minnow a freshwater fish found in the eastern US and Canada. Differing in size and color depending on origin of development the creek chub can usually be defined by a dark brown body with a white lateral line spanning horizontally across the body. It lives primarily within streams and river.
 Eupithecia flavimacula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The fore- and hindwings are grey brown with a soft yellowish tinge.
 Philautus longicrus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phaenaulax nanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Phaenaulax.
 Mesembrina meridiana is a species of fly sometimes known as the noon fly. It is widespread and common between late April and late October particularly in cattle-rearing areas. It is a large black fly with orange colouration on the base of its wings on the feet and the face. Adults are most often seen on cow dung basking in open ground or visiting flowers to feed upon nectar. Eggs are laid in cow dung the larvae are carnivorous and feed on other fly larvae within the dung.
 The Metallic Coleophora Moth (Coleophora mayrella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is native to Europe and Armenia but is an adventive species in the Nearctic ecozone where it is found throughout the United States and southern Canada. It has also been recorded from New Zealand Chile and Argentina. The habitat consists of grassy areas and waste ground.The wingspan is 10–12 millimetres (0.39–0.47 in). The adults have a bronzy or greenish metallic sheen with no markings.
 Anoplolepis custodiens is a species of ant in the genus Anoplolepis native to South Africa.
 Admetula garrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Discosorida is an order of cephalopods that lived from the beginning of the Middle Ordovician through the Silurian and into the Devonian. Discosorids are unique in the structure and formation of the siphuncle the tube that runs through and connects the camerae (chambers) in cephalopods which unlike those in other orders is zoned longitudinally along the segments rather than laterally.
 Pseudohemiodon devincenzii is a species of armored catfish native to Argentina and Uruguay where it is found in the Uruguay River basin. This species grows to a length of 14.3 centimetres (5.6 in) SL.
 Mertensophryne lonnbergi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Kenya.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland and ponds.
 Phyllonorycter stephanota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on Abutilon Hibiscus Malvastrum (including Malvastrum spicatum) and Sida species (including Sida subspicata). They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Vexillum coronatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Ecnomiomorpha aurosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Distrito Federal).
 Gnamptonyx is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Drymaeus is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing tropical land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Bulimulidae.Drymaeus was placed in the subfamily Bulimulinae within the family Orthalicidae according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Centrochria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Afrotheora rhodaula is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Elysius barnesi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1904. It is found on Cuba.
 Capillaster is a genus of crinoids. It contains the following species: Capillaster asterias AH Clark 1931 Capillaster gracilicirra AH Clark 1912 Capillaster macrobrachius (Hartlaub 1890) Capillaster mariae (AH Clark 1907) Capillaster multiradiatus (Linnaeus 1758) Capillaster sentosus (Carpenter 1888) Capillaster squarrosus Messing 2003 Capillaster tenuicirrus AH Clark 1912↑
 Cephetola is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. All species are endemic to the Afrotropics.
 Choreutis ophiosema is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in India China Taiwan Amoy the Moluccas eastern Australia (the Northern Territory and Queensland) and Japan.The wingspan is about 10 mm. Adults have forewings and hindwings that have a complex pattern of orange and brown.Larvae feed on Bambusa species.
 Alaena caissa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of open rocky areas.
 Teleutomyrmex schneideri is an ectoparasitic ant found in the France and Switzerland. It was discovered by Swiss myrmecologist Heinrich Kutter. The species is unique for lacking a worker caste the queens and males living entirely off the care of the pavement ant.
 Onchidium mertoni is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Schwartziella puncticulata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Ally Sloper was a Thoroughbred racehorse noted for winning the 1915 Grand National.A five year-old owned by Lady Margaret Nelson and trained by Aubrey Hastings it was ridden by Mr Jack Anthony. Carrying 10 st 5 lbs Ally Sloper won the race by two lengths at a price of 100/8 and in a time of 9 mins 47.8 secs. It was Aubrey Hastings' second national winner having won the race in 1906 with Ascetics Silver. It was also the first Grand National winner to be owned by a woman.
 Phyllocnistis voutei is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia.The hostplant for the species is an unidentified species of Loranthus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is located on the underside of the leaf surface.
 Olybama was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Hydrillodes.
 Ctenophryne geayi (Spanish: Sapito Apuntado De Geay) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Subclemensia is a genus of moths of the Incurvariidae family.
 Pycnodonte is a genus of extinct oysters fossil marine bivalve mollusks in the family Gryphaeidae the foam oysters or honeycomb oysters. Shells of species in this genus are found around the world in fossil shell beds from the Valanginian (140.2 Ma) to the Early Pleistocene (0.781 Ma). They are a commonly found fossil in Cretaceous shellbeds of the Navesink Formation in New Jersey.
 Scopula benitaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including New Mexico and Texas.The wingspan is 12-14 mm.
 Ourapteryx caecata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 42-50 mm.
 Oedipina alleni is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Atretochoana eiselti is a species of caecilian known only from two preserved specimens until its 2011 rediscovery in Brazil. Until 1998 it was known only from the type specimen in the Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna. Originally placed in the genus Typhlonectes in 1968 it was reclassified into its own monotypic genus in 1996. It was also found to be more closely related to the genus Potomotyphlus than Typholonectes.
 The Borbo Skipper Zeller's Skipper or Olive Haired Swift (Borbo borbonica) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found along the southern coasts of the Mediterranean Sea but mainly in Syria Arabia Africa Mauritius and Réunion.The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm. Adults are on wing from September to October.In North Africa Leersia oryzoides and Sorghum halepense have been recorded as food plants for the larvae. In Mauritius they feed on various grasses such as Panicum.
 Eupithecia eximia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Asianellus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Simplepipona is a malagasy genus of potter wasps presently synonymized under the genus Postepipona.
 Pyrgocythara balteata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Purús red howler (Alouatta puruensis) is a species of howler monkey native to Brazil and Peru.
 Pterocalla plumitarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Tephritidae.
 Coelostathma binotata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tabasco).
 Copelatus griffinii is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1899.
 Damias occidentalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Nias Engano and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests and dipterocarp forests.Adults have a white ground colour and marginal spots within a blue-black forewing border. The hindwing border is broad.
 Sypna diversa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Sura pyrocera is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Malawi and Mozambique.
 Aposteira is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Himantoides is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Himantoides undata which is known from Jamaica.
 Eois escamata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Pericyma mendax is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found most countries in subtropical Africa south of the Sahara in Cape Verde Mauritius La Réunion and Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 40mm. Host plants of the larvae are Acacia mearnsii and Acacia sp. Fabaceae
 Ethmia chalcogramma is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white largely replaced by gray-brown markings. The ground color of the hindwings is white becoming brownish at the distal margins.
 Lycomorphodes angustata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gibeaux in 1983. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Javan Owlet (Glaucidium castanopterum) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Tenorioconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (January 2012) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Lanistes intortus is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They are one of approximately 41 species of Lanistes.They are typically found at an altitude between 0 to 490 m (1608ft) living in and around brackish water habitats. They are characterised by a shell of 30 mm light brown with small darker spiral bands.
 The Major Mitchell's Cockatoo (Lophochroa leadbeateri) also known as Leadbeater's Cockatoo or Pink Cockatoo is a medium-sized cockatoo restricted to arid and semi-arid inland areas of Australia. It is here placed in its own monotypic genus Lophochroa though to include it in Cacatua as others do is not wrong as long as the corellas are also included there.
 Argentulia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae. Members of the genus are unlike any other species in the tribe Euliini. Male and female genitalia suggest a close relationship to Varifula from Chile.
 Steyskalomyza is a Monotypic genus of flies from the family Dryomyzidae.
 Telmatochromis bifrenatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it can be found at depths of from 5 to 10 metres (16 to 33 ft) occasionally down to 20 metres (66 ft). This species can reach a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade where it is considered to be an excellent fish for beginners.
 Carpenterella is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae. The source of the genus name is cited as Collenette C.L. 1933. Entomologist's Monthly Magazine 69: 259 which is included in this article: C.L. Collenette and G. D. H. Carpenter. 1933. New species and description of larvae of Lymantriidae from Uganda. Entomologist's Monthly Magazine 69: 258-264 265-270. The type-species is Carpenterella nesiotica Collenette 1933 described on page 259 of the article. The second author G. D.
 Euryoryzomys emmonsae also known as Emmons's Rice Rat or Emmons' Oryzomys is a rodent from Amazonian Brazil in the genus Euryoryzomys of the family Cricetidae. Initially misidentified as E. macconnelli or E. nitidus it was formally described in 1998. A rainforest species it may be scansorial climbing but also spending time on the ground.
 Cyclyrius mandersi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Mauritius. The habitat consists of coastal areas.The larvae feed on Caesalpinia boducella.
 Hyposmocoma enixa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The type locality is Kaholuamano where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Tarachodes schulthessi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Parectopa toxomacha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales.The larvae feed on Pultenaea species including Pultenaea daphnoides. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Eudalaca bacotii is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Moropus (meaning slow foot) is an extinct genus of mammal belonging to a group called chalicotheres which were perissodactyl (odd-toed) mammals endemic to North America during the Miocene from ~23.0—13.6 Mya existing for approximately 9.4 million years. Moropus is related to the modern horse rhino and tapir.
 Asthenotricha candace is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Microhyle leopardella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1972. It is found in Madagascar.
 Setobaudinia victoriana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Chrysallida turbonillaeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Epermenia scurella is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is found in the mountains of central and southern Europe.The larvae feed on Thesium species.
 Vesicomyidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the superfamily Glossoidea.
 Saphenista xysta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Purple Marbled (Eublemma ostrina) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is mainly found in central and southern Europe but is also a scarce migrant in the United Kingdom where it is mainly found along the south coast.The wingspan is 18–25 millimetres (0.71–0.98 in).The larvae feed on the flowers and seeds of Carlina vulgaris. Other recorded foodplants include Carlina species in general as well as Echinops Carduus and Cirsium species.
 Euxesta propinqua is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Betasyrphus is a genus of hoverfly.
 The deepwater jack Pontinus nigropunctatus is a species of fish in the Scorpaenidae family. It is endemic to Saint Helena.
 Marcano's solenodon (Solenodon marcanoi) was a species of mammal in the family Solenodontidae. It is known only from skeletal remains found on the island of Hispaniola. The remains were found in association with those from rats of the genus Rattus which suggests Marcano's solenodon survived until the time of European colonisation of the island.
 Udea phyllostegia is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.The larvae feed on Phyllostegia species.
 Ceryx resecta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in South Africa.
 Aphomia melli is a species of snout moths in the genus Aphomia. It was described by Caradja and Meyrick in 1933 and is known from China.
 Labracoglossa is a genus of sea chubs native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Cerradomys marinhus also known as Marinho's Oryzomys is a rodent species from South America. It is found in Minas Gerais Brazil. It was formerly known as Oryzomys marinhus but was transferred to the new genus Cerradomys in 2006.
 Protobactrites is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod belonging to the Orthoceratoidea that lived in what would be Europe and Asia during the Ordovician and Silurian from 466–421.3 mya existing for approximately 44.7 million years.
 Parnassius cephalus (Grum-Grshimailo 1891) is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Tibet and West China. It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 The Spotted Greenbul (Ixonotus guttatus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.
 Otocinclus is a genus of armored catfish native to South America which are commonly called dwarf suckers or otos.
 Parisopsalis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Parisolabiinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India. It was also cited at an earlier date by Steinmann in his publication The Animal Kingdom in 1986 1989 1990 and 1993.
 Austromusotima is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Eastern Rat (Rattus mordax) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Royle's mountain vole (Alticola roylei) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in China Nepal and India.
 Acrosticta dichroa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Araeodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian - Tithonian) mammal from the Morrison Formation.Present in stratigraphic zone 5.
 Mongolicosa is a genus of wolf spiders containing six species found in central Asia from the Altai Mountains east to western Buryatia and south to Xinjiang and the Gobi Desert.Spiders of this genus are dark coloured without any clear patterning. Body length is from 6 - 9.2 mm. The legs are relatively short compared with spiders of the related genera Acantholycosa and Sibirocosa.
 Triplostephanus waikikiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Coleoxestia fasciola is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 For the trilobite see Paradoxides.Paradoxus is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The Smallfin worm-eel (Pseudomyrophis micropinna) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Charles Barkley Wade in 1946.
 Lobogenesis phoxapex is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Amantis hainanensis is a species of praying mantis native to China and Vietnam.
 Philiris angabunga is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Conus emaciatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Epicephala pelopepla is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Cephalotes solidus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Nesticus silvestrii is a scaffold web spiders species in the genus Nesticus found in the United States.
 Vaughtia olivemeyerae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The scaly-tailed possum or the Ilangnalya (Wyulda squamicaudata) is found in northwestern Australia. It is restricted to the Kimberley region in Western Australia. As it is monotypic in its genus it is sometimes known simply by its genus — the Wyulda.The scaly-tailed possum is a member of the family Phalangeridae which means that it is related to cuscuses and brushtail possums.
 Eumyias is a genus of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It contains the following species: Nilgiri Flycatcher (Eumyias albicaudatus) Indigo Flycatcher (Eumyias indigo) Turquoise Flycatcher (Eumyias panayensis) Dull-blue Flycatcher (Eumyias sordidus) Verditer Flycatcher (Eumyias thalassinus)
 Adscita alpina is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in France Switzerland Austria and Italy.The wingspan is 20–30 mm. Adults are on wing from July to the beginning of September.The larvae feed on Rumex species including Rumex scutatus. Young larvae overwinter. Full-grown larvae can be found from May to the end June.
 Collier Hill (foaled 26 March 1998) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by the prominent American sportsman George W. Strawbridge Jr. who was involved in both steeplechase and flat racing and who raced in Europe and the United States.
 Flyingbolt was a famous racehorse. Officially he is the second best National Hunt racehorse of all time after Arkle but he is not nearly as well known as his rival. Flyingbolt's racing career was dogged by illness and injury but at his best he was a horse of the highest class.
 Proterorhinus nasalis the Eastern tubenose goby is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of the basins of the Sea of Azov and the Caspian Sea and has invaded the upper reaches of the Volga River from its native occurrence in the delta. This species prefers slow flowing rivers or still waters with plentiful rocks or vegetation. It can reach a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) SL.
 The Mangrove Robin (Peneoenanthe pulverulenta) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae. It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. The bird's common name refers to its natural habitat. They live in mangrove forests and seldom fly outside of these biomes.
 Acrostictomyia subapicalis is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrostictomyia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Lepipaschia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by J. C. Shaffer and Solis in 1994.
 Fusinus rutilus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Marginella picturata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Pygmy Cuckooshrike (Coracina abbotti) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is endemic to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dzhanokmenia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Almahmoud (1947-1971) was an American Thoroughbred racemare that was best known as an influential broodmare who produced Natalma and Cosmah.She was sired by the 1936 Epsom Derby winner Mahmoud who was imported to the United States in 1940 by Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Her dam was the unraced mare Arbitrator a daughter of the 1934 Belmont Stakes winner Peace Chance. Almahmoud won important races at age two and three before being retired to broodmare duty.
 Acrocercops charitopis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guyana. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1915.
 Eupithecia divina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Chekiang).
 Mordella anticelunulata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 The Red-winged Francolin (Scleroptila levaillantii) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Lesotho Malawi Rwanda South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.Elgon Francolin (Francolinus elgonensis) may be a hybrid between the Red-winged Francolin and the Moorland Francolin.
 Virbia polyphron is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Callisphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Vesperus creticus is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Greece.
 Phycodes interstincta is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies and Arita in 2011. It is found in China (Guangdong).
 Litaneutria is genus of praying mantises in the family Mantidae represented by species of Ground Mantis.
 Rhamphochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.
 Amaxia duchatae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1987. It is found in French Guyana.
 Metaplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Somoholitaceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopodes and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Rasbora hubbsi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Opostegoides gephyraea is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1881. It is known from New South Wales in Australia.Adults have been recorded in October.
 Dindica kishidai is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Pseudopostega adusta is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1897. It is known from the West Indies from Cuba east to Dominica south to Belize and Ecuador. It is also known from Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 2.1–2.8 mm. Adults have been recorded in January March to April and June.
 The Australian Bagmoth (Cebysa leucotelus) is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in New Zealand and the southern half of Australia (Tasmania Victoria and Western Australia).The adult female moth has black wings with yellow wingtips and patches but they do not expand properly so she is not able to fly. The male has a similar pattern and colouring but has no iridescence. His wings are fully developed and adult males can fly normally.The larvae feed on lichen.
 Lebeda is a genus of moths in the Lasiocampidae family.
 Anastrangalia is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species:Anastrangalia dissimilis (Casey 1891)Anastrangalia dubia (Scopoli 1763)Anastrangalia haldemani (Casey 1891)Anastrangalia kasaharai (Makihara 2002)Anastrangalia laetifica (LeConte 1859)Anastrangalia montana (Mulsant & Rey 1863)Anastrangalia renardi (Gebler 1848)Anastrangalia reyi (Heyden 1889)Anastrangalia sanguinea (LeConte 1859)Anastrangalia sanguinolenta (Linnaeus 1761)Anastrangalia scotodes (Bates 1873)↑
 Copelatus pumilus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1895.
 Neobisium maritimum is a species of pseudoscorpions in the Neobisiidae family and are the only ones in Neobisium genus.
 Euriphene ernestibaumanni Baumann’s Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Oreohelix is a genus of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oreohelicidae.Oreohelix is the type genus for the family Oreohelicidae.
 Macaldenia palumbioides is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in east Africa.
 Senegal Wattled Plover redirects here. The Senegal Lapwing is a different species Vanellus lugubris.The African Wattled Lapwing or Senegal Wattled Plover (Vanellus senegallus) is a large lapwing a group of largish waders in the family Charadriidae. It is a resident breeder in most of sub-Saharan Africa outside the rainforests although it has seasonal movements.These are conspicuous and unmistakable birds.
 Syngrapha ain is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Alps the Southern Ural mountains Southern Siberia and Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 34–40 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Larix species.
 Common names: Tokara habu (トカラハブ).Trimeresurus tokarensis is a venomous pitviper species endemic to the Tokara Islands of Japan. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Coraebus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Coraebus aculeatus Ganglbauer 1890 Coraebus acutus Thomson 1879 Coraebus aeneopictus (Kerremans 1895) Coraebus aequalipennis Fairmaire 1888 Coraebus aesopus Kerremans 1913 Coraebus akiyamai Kubán 1997 Coraebus albivestitus Bellamy 1991 Coraebus aldo Kubán 1996 Coraebus amabilis Kerremans 1895 Coraebus amamianus Kurosawa 1985 Coraebus amplithorax (Fairmaire 1889) Coraebus andreorum Kubán 1996 Coraebus andrewesi Obenberger 1922 Coraebus annamensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus anniae Obenberger 1928 Coraebus auberti Théry 1923 Coraebus auriventris Kerremans 1912 Coraebus aurofasciatus (Hope 1831) Coraebus baoshanensis Kubán 1996 Coraebus battareli Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus baylei Bourgoin 1922 Coraebus becvari Kubán 1995 Coraebus bilyi Kubán 1996 Coraebus bilyianus Kubán 1995 Coraebus binhensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus bivestitus Bellamy 1991 Coraebus blandus Akiyama & Ohmomo 1989 Coraebus blaoensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus borneensis Kerremans 1912 Coraebus bunun Miwa & Chûjô 1940 Coraebus cavifrons Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus cervenkai Kubán 1995 Coraebus chapensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus chrysogaster Kurosawa 1953 Coraebus chucki Kubán 1997 Coraebus cingulatus (Hope 1831) Coraebus circularis Kerremans 1888 Coraebus cisseiformis Obenberger 1913 Coraebus clermonti Bourgoin 1924 Coraebus cloueti Théry 1895 Coraebus coelestiofulgens Akiyama & Ohmomo 1993 Coraebus coelestis Saunders 1874 Coraebus coeruleus Kerremans 1892 Coraebus collaris Gory & Laporte 1839 Coraebus conjunctus Deyrolle 1864 Coraebus conspicuus Thomson 1878 Coraebus coomani Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus cornutus Deyrolle 1864 Coraebus corporaali Obenberger 1932 Coraebus cupreosplendens Akiyama 1989 Coraebus cupricollis Deyrolle 1864 Coraebus cyaneopictus Kerremans 1892 Coraebus daisenensis Miwa 1940 Coraebus davidis Fairmaire 1886 Coraebus delepinei Baudon 1960 Coraebus delicatus Kerremans 1895 Coraebus dembickyi Kubán 1995 Coraebus demonstratus Kubán 1995 Coraebus denticollis Saunders 1866 Coraebus dessumi Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus diminutus Gebhardt 1928 Coraebus disponsae Baudon 1968 Coraebus disponsi Baudon 1962 Coraebus duodecimpunctatus Obenberger 1940 Coraebus elatus (Fabricius 1787) Coraebus elegantissimus Akiyama 1989 Coraebus elongaticollis Akiyama & Ohmomo 1993 Coraebus elongatus Peng 1998 Coraebus embriki Obenberger 1932 Coraebus fallaciosus Bourgoin 1925 Coraebus fasciatus (Villers 1789) Coraebus femina Kubán 1997 Coraebus fokienicus Obenberger 1940 Coraebus formosanus Miwa & Chûjô 1935 Coraebus francoisi Baudon 1968 Coraebus frater Bourgoin 1925 Coraebus fukamachii Akiyama 1987 Coraebus fulgidus Obenberger 1916 Coraebus gagneuxi Baudon 1963 Coraebus gestroi Kerremans 1892 Coraebus gorkai Gebhardt 1928 Coraebus gorkaianus Kubán 1997 Coraebus grisator (Gory & Laporte 1839) Coraebus guangxiensis Peng 1998 Coraebus hastanus Gory & Laporte 1839 Coraebus hauseri Obenberger 1930 Coraebus herychi Obenberger 1940 Coraebus hewitti Kerremans 1912 Coraebus holzschuhi Kubán 1996 Coraebus honza Kubán 1995 Coraebus horaki Kubán 1995 Coraebus hoscheki Gebhardt 1928 Coraebus houianus Kubán 1995 Coraebus hovorkai Kubán 1997 Coraebus ignifrons Fairmaire 1895 Coraebus ignotus Saunders 1873 Coraebus inornatus Kerremans 1912 Coraebus insignis Kerremans 1898 Coraebus insulicolus Kerremans 1912 Coraebus intemeratus Obenberger 1940 Coraebus iriei Kurosawa 1985 Coraebus ishiharai Kurosawa 1953 Coraebus jeanvoinei Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus jedlickai Obenberger 1934 Coraebus jelineki Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus jendeki Kubán 1997 Coraebus jiangxiensis Peng 1989 Coraebus karenorum Kubán 1995 Coraebus kerremansi Théry 1926 Coraebus kiangsuanus Obenberger 1934 Coraebus kiyoshii Akiyama 1989 Coraebus klapaleki Obenberger 1924 Coraebus klickai Obenberger 1930 Coraebus komiyai Akiyama 1988 Coraebus kubani Peng 1998 Coraebus kulti Obenberger 1940 Coraebus kurosawai Akiyama 1988 Coraebus laportei Saunders 1871 Coraebus larminati Kubán 1995 Coraebus lepidulus Obenberger 1940 Coraebus lesnei Bourgoin 1922 Coraebus leucospilotus Bourgoin 1922 Coraebus levasseuri Bourgoin 1925 Coraebus lienhwachiensis Akiyama 1988 Coraebus linnei Obenberger 1922 Coraebus longipennis Deyrolle 1864 Coraebus loochooensis Kano 1929 Coraebus lubopetri Kubán 1995 Coraebus maculifer Abeille de Perrin 1897 Coraebus magnus Kerremans 1898 Coraebus malabaricus Obenberger 1922 Coraebus malayanus Kubán 1995 Coraebus meditabundus (Fabricius 1787) Coraebus melancholicus Obenberger 1932 Coraebus meliboeoides Bílý 1983 Coraebus mianningensis Peng 1991 Coraebus mirus Kubán 1996 Coraebus modestus Kerremans 1892 Coraebus modiglianii Kerremans 1894 Coraebus montanus (Fisher 1935) Coraebus moultoni Kerremans 1912 Coraebus muehlei Kubán 1996 Coraebus muelleri Théry 1925 Coraebus natator Kubán 1996 Coraebus nigromaculatus Kurosawa 1953 Coraebus nikodymi Kubán 1995 Coraebus niponicus Lewis 1894 Coraebus obscurus Peng 1991 Coraebus occidentalis Kubán 1997 Coraebus oertzeni Ganglbauer 1886 Coraebus olexai Bílý 1983 Coraebus orothi (Baudon 1962) Coraebus pacholatkoi Kubán 1996 Coraebus pascoei Saunders 1867 Coraebus perpulcher Obenberger 1916 Coraebus perroti Descarpentries 1948 Coraebus perrotianus Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus petri Kubán 1996 Coraebus pickai Kubán 1995 Coraebus probstorum Kubán 1995 Coraebus pseudoblandus Kubán 1997 Coraebus pseudopurpura Kubán 1997 Coraebus pulchellus Nonfried 1895 Coraebus purkynei Obenberger 1934 Coraebus purpura Kubán 1996 Coraebus purpuratiformis Kubán 1995 Coraebus purpureicollis Gestro 1877 Coraebus quadriundulatus Motschulsky 1866 Coraebus quangxiensis Peng 1998 Coraebus rambouseki Obenberger 1934 Coraebus rubi (Linnaeus 1767) Coraebus rugosus Deyrolle 1864 Coraebus rusticanus Lewis 1893 Coraebus sainvali Kubán 1997 Coraebus sakagutii Kurosawa 1963 Coraebus salamandra Kubán 1995 Coraebus salamandriformis Kubán 1995 Coraebus salvazai Bourgoin 1922 Coraebus sausai Kubán 1997 Coraebus sauteri Kerremans 1912 Coraebus semipurpureus Fairmaire 1889 Coraebus semiviolaceus Deyrolle 1864 Coraebus sericeus Kerremans 1894 Coraebus sherpa Kubán 1996 Coraebus sidae Kerremans 1888 Coraebus simplex Peng 1991 Coraebus sinomeridionalis Kubán 1995 Coraebus smaragdineus Kerremans 1892 Coraebus sonani Miwa & Chûjô 1935 Coraebus spathatus (Kerremans 1892) Coraebus spectabiliformis Kubán 1995 Coraebus spectabilis Bílý 1983 Coraebus spevari Kubán 1995 Coraebus splendens Peng 1998 Coraebus stichai Obenberger 1924 Coraebus strnadianus Kubán 1995 Coraebus sumatrensis Kerremans 1894 Coraebus suturalis Kerremans 1893 Coraebus svaneki Kubán 1997 Coraebus svihlai Kubán 1995 Coraebus taiwanus Akiyama 1988 Coraebus tamensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1967 Coraebus tazoei Akiyama 1988 Coraebus teres Kubán 1996 Coraebus thailandicus Kubán 1995 Coraebus theryanus Gebhardt 1926 Coraebus thoracellus Kerremans 1900 Coraebus torigaii Akiyama & Ohmomo 1993 Coraebus tubulosus Kubán 1997 Coraebus umphangicus Kubán 1995 Coraebus undatus (Fabricius 1787) Coraebus vagepictus Obenberger 1934 Coraebus vicarius Kubán 1995 Coraebus vientianensis Baudon 1968 Coraebus vietnamensis Kubán 1996 Coraebus violaceipennis Saunders 1866 Coraebus viridimicans Akiyama & Ohmomo 1993 Coraebus vuilletae Bourgoin 1925 Coraebus wiwuti Ohmomo 2004 Coraebus yanshanensis Peng 1991 Coraebus yuanyunae Peng 1998 Coraebus zhangi Peng 1989 Coraebus zhejiangensis Peng 1998 Coraebus zonatus Kubán 1996 Coraebus zoufali Obenberger 1930↑
 Compsodrillia acestra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Fortescue grunter (Leiopotherapon aheneus) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family. It is endemic to Australia. It can be found in rivers of coastal northwestern Australia such as the Ashburton and Fortescue Rivers. It is a resident of Karijini National Park.This fish has some commercial value as an aquarium pet.
 Glycobius speciosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Glycobius.
 The Orange Spider Wasp Cryptocheilus bicolor is a large strikingly coloured spider wasp from Australia.
 Caryocolum anatolicum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Turkey.The length of the forewings is 4.5–5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is greyish brown and the hindwings are shining grey. Adults have been recorded on wing from the end of June to the end of July.
 Proamphiuma is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The spotwing flying gurnard Dactyloptena macracantha is an unusual looking fish because of its huge pectoral fins. The fish has dark spots and wavy lines on the fins. It has a dull head and a grey or sometimes brown body that is covered with dark brown or black spots. Despite its name the spotwing flying gurnard is not related to the true flyingfish; these are in the family Exocoetidae order Beloniformes.
 The Namaqua Widow (Tarsocera namaquensis) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa from Steinkopf in Namaqualand south to Nieuwoudtville in the northern Cape.The wingspan is 38-48 mm for males and 42-50 mm for females. Adults are on wing from August to October (with a peak in September). There is one generation per yearThe larvae probably feed on Poaceae species.
 Oreohelix subrudis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oreohelicidae.
 Caloptilia aurita is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Natal in South Africa.
 The Rose Anthelid (Chenuala heliaspis) is a moth of the family Anthelidae. It is endemic to Australia.The wingspan is approximately 6 cm for males and 7 cm for females.The larvae feed on the leaves of Eucalyptus Acacia and Pinus species.
 Glyptothorax exodon is a species of sisorid catfish. It is only known from the drainage basin of the Kapuas River Borneo.This species can be readily distinguished from most other Glyptothorax species of the region by its slender body. The only possible confusion is with Glyptothorax platypogonides (as which this species was originally misidentified) and Glyptothorax siamensis but G.
 The banded knifefish (Gymnotus carapo) is a knifefish native to South America.The banded knifefish is gray in color with a band of large black spots outlined with yellow on either side. It can reach up to 60 cm (about 24 in) in length. It lives in lakes and streams in virtually all of South America except for Chile.
 Litosphingia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Viridoturris is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Mordellistena lecontei is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1954 by Ermisch.
 Polyommatus ahmadi is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Carbonell in 2001. It is found in the Zanjan Province of Iran.
 Mordellistena praesagita is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Kangas in 1988.
 Gemixystus laminatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Anthaxia scutellaris is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae subfamily Buprestinae.This beetle is present in Albania Croatia France Italy Greece Portugal Spain and in North Africa.The larva is polyphagous and lives at the expense of several shrubs and trees. Main larval host plants are in genus Arbutus Ceratonia Cornus Juniper Malus Pinus Pistacia Prunus Pyrus Quercus Salix and Spartium.The adults are 5-6 mm long.
 Scopula minorata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Africa south of the Sahara the Arabian peninsula and on the islands of the Indian Ocean. Furthermore it is found in southern Europe. It can be distinguished from Scopula lactaria only by genitalia examination.The wingspan is 15–20 mm.
 Coralliophila richardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Nebria chelmosensis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Japan North and South Korea as well as in Jiangsu province of China.
 Bathyomphalus is a genus of small air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails and their allies.
 Acrolophus luriei is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Hasbrouck in 1964. It is found in North America including Arizona.
 Ornipholidotos nguru is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of submontane evergreen forests.
 Calyce bicolor is a species of beetle in the Calyce genus. It was found in 1922.
 The Sirkeer Malkoha or Sirkeer Cuckoo (Phaenicophaeus leschenaultii) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds the Cuculiformes which also includes the roadrunners the anis and the Hoatzin. It is a resident bird in the Indian subcontinent.
 The oyster toadfish Opsanus tau also known as the ugly toad oyster cracker / oyster catcher and bar dog is a fish of the family Batrachoididae. The maximum length of the toadfish is about 38 cm; the most common recorded length of an oyster toadfish is about 30 cm. They are generally yellowish with a pattern of brown oblique bars.The species can live in very bad conditions and needs little food to live. It is an omnivore.
 Peeress (foaled 1 February 2001) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from November 2003 until May 2007 raced eighteen times and won seven races showing her best form over a distance of one mile. After finishing third in her only race as a two-year-old and won three times in the following year but appeared to be below top class.
 Micrulia cinerea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Moluccas.
 Carabus sylvestris haberfelneri is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Austria and Germany.
 Dapper Dan (foaled 1962 in Kentucky) was an American racehorse who was bred by Dorothy Dorsett Brown and owned and raced by Ogden Phipps. He had an outstanding sophomore season finishing second or fourth in five stakes races. The son of Ribot and grandson of Nasrullah is remembered for his closing finishes to place second in the 1965 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes.
 Bicyclus milyas the Lesser Rock Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea-Bissau Mali Guinea Burkina Faso northern Sierra Leone northern Ivory Coast northern Ghana northern Togo northern Benin northern Nigeria the northern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan northern Uganda south-western Ethiopia and Kenya. The habitat consists of dry savanna.The larvae feed on Imperata cylindrica and Pennisetum purpureum.
 Hyalurga scotina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Brazil.
 The Ifola tree-kangaroo (Dendrolagus notatus) is a species of marsupial in the Macropodidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea where it is found in high elevations of the central mountains. It is threatened by habitat loss and hunting for food with dogs by local people. The species is usually considered a sub-species of Dendrolagus dorianus but has recently been considered as a separate species by Helgen in 2007.
 Nanna griseata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Ivory Coast.
 Acraea omrora the Omrora Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo.Adults are on wing from August to December.The larvae feed on Basananthe reticulata.
 Trimen's Opal (Chrysoritis trimeni) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found in the North Cape. The wingspan is 26-30 mm for males and 28-34 mm for females. Adults are on wing from August to March with a peak in November.The larvae feed on Zygophyllum species. They are attended to by Crematogaster ants.
 Clarkeulia oreographa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Acanthurus leucosternon is a marine tropical fish belonging to the family of the Acanthuridae or surgeonfishes. Its common names are powder blue tang and powderblue surgeonfish.
 Pricyclopyge is a genus of trilobite assigned to the Cyclopygidae family that occurs throughout the Ordovician. Pricyclopyge had an extratropical distribution and there is evidence that it lived in darker parts of the water column (around 175m deep). Pricyclopyge has huge eyes an inverted pear-shaped glabella six thorax segments with on the 3rd two small discs. Pricyclopyge is known from what are today China the Czech Republic France and the United Kingdom.
 Odostomia washingtonia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pectinifera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Terebra swobodai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Fusus rugosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Argopteron is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The African Smoky Mouse or Smokey Heimyscus (Heimyscus fumosus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is the only species in the genus Heimyscus.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Spilarctia rubilinea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1866. It is found in Nepal India (Sikkim Assam) Bhutan Burma Vietnam and China (Sichuan Tibet).
 The Levant Water Frog (Pelophylax bedriagae) formerly belonging to the genus Rana is a southern European species of frog. They are green to brown in color with dark blotches on their dorsal side. They are cousins of the aquatic frogs and live most of the time in the water. They are not poisonous and are quite large especially the females. It has been introduced in some countries were it was not native one of which is Malta.
 The Scaly-throated Earthcreeper (Upucerthia dumetaria) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile Peru and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It formerly included the Patagonian Forest Earthcreeper (U. saturatior) as a subspecies.
 Heimenia is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Euterebra capensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The broom hare (Lepus castroviejoi) is a species of hare endemic to northern Spain. It is restricted to the Cantabrian Mountains in northern Spain between the Serra dos Ancares and the Sierra de Peña Labra. This region is approximately 230 km (140 mi) from east to west and 25–40 km (16–25 mi) from north to south. It lives in mountains at heights almost 2000 m (6600 ft) though descends during the winter to avoid the colder temperatures and snow.
 Fangarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from South-Western China Yunnan province.
 Ceragenia bicornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fabricus in 1801.
 Coleophora gredosella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Gymnothorax ypsilon is a deep-water moray eel found in the Pacific ocean at depths of up to 185 meters. It is commonly known as the Y-bar moray.
 Madrepore (mother of pores) is a genus of stony corals often found forming reefs or islands in tropical locations. The names Madrepore and Madreporaria were formerly applied universally to any stony coral of the family Scleractinia. They reproduce in three separate ways as discovered by the marine zoologist Anne Thynne (1800-1866).
 Urodeta absidata is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Cameroon.The wingspan is 6-6.8 mm. The thorax tegula and forewing are grey brown mottled with blackish brown tipped scales. The hindwings are brownish grey. Adults have been recorded in early May and early December.
 Barbus dartevellei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Philtraea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Labeoninae is a doubtfully distinct subfamily of ray-finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae of order Cypriniformes. They inhabit freshwater and the largest species richness is in the region around southern China but there are also species elsewhere in Asia and some members of Garra and Labeo are from Africa. They are a generally very apomorphic group perhaps the most advanced of the Cyprinidae.
 Bubalornis is a genus of bird in the Ploceidae family. It contains the following species: Red-billed Buffalo Weaver (Bubalornis niger) White-billed Buffalo Weaver (Bubalornis albirostris)
 The Olive Long-tailed Cuckoo (Cercococcyx olivinus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Uganda and Zambia.
 The Buenos Aires Leaf-eared Mouse (Phyllotis bonariensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Argentina.
 Odontoptilum is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Netechma anterofascia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with ferruginous. The hindwings are cream tinged with brownish at the apex area and strigulated with grey.
 Copelatus vigintistriatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Fairmaire in 1869.
 Leucothoe incisa is an amphipod in the family Leucothoidae. It grows up to 7 millimetres (0.28 in) long and is whitish in colour but a yellowish green along the back with intensely red eyes. It lives at depths of up to 60 metres (200 ft) along the Atlantic coast of Europe from the Mediterranean Sea to Scotland and in the North Sea. It is part of group of sibling species together with Leucothoe lilljeborgi and Leucothoe occulta.
 The Opalescent Pearlfish (Leptolebias opalescens) is a species of fish in the Rivulidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Hellinsia albidactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Japan (Honshu) Korea China and Russia.The wingspan is about 18 millimetres (0.71 in) and the length of the forewings is 10–11 mm.The larvae feed on Asteraceae species.
 Hypselodoris rosans is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Variimorda basalis is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae.
 Thalpophila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Drosophila persimilis is a species of fruit fly that is a sister species to D. pseudoobscura and was one of 12 fruitfly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study.
 Anthrenocerus Decoris is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Moghradictis is an extinct species of carnivorous cat-like mammals belonging to the superfamily Aeluroidea endemic to North Africa from the Miocene 23.03—15.97 Ma existing for approximately 7.06 million years.Moghradictis is shown to have an omnivorous diet or more precisely hypercarnivorous to hypercarnivorous.
 Chrysocentris infuscata is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Cerynea trogobasis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland) and Kei Island.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are pale brown with pale broken zigzag lines outlined in dark grey across each forewing. There is a dark comma-shaped mark on the thorax and two black spots near the centre of each forewing.
 The Kordofan Lark (Mirafra cordofanica) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.
 Ziridava kanshireiensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and on the Philippines Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia.
 The Orange Spruce Needleminer (Coleotechnites piceaella) is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in north-eastern United States and Canada. It is an introduced species in Europe and was first recorded from Great Britain in 1952 then Germany in 1963 and has expanded from there over all of central Europe towards France Italy and Hungary.There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various spruces including Picea omorika and Picea pungens.
 Electracma hemichroa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The common treeshrew (Tupaia glis) is a small mammal in the treeshrew family Tupaiidae and is native to Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia. It has been listed as Least Concern by IUCN as it remains common and displays some adaptability to ongoing habitat loss.
 Apatelodes moresca is a moth in the Bombycidae family.
 Monosca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hylomys is a small genus of the family Erinaceidae. Hylomys species like all species in the subfamily Galericinae are known as gymnures or moonrats. Their closest relatives include the fossil Lantanotherium and Thaiagymnura and the living Neotetracus and Neohylomys.Members of this genus are found in Southeast Asia and Eastern Asia.
 The jerboa (from Arabic: جربوع‎ jarbūʻ ) forms the bulk of the membership of the family Dipodidae. Jerboas are hopping desert rodents found throughout Northern Africa and Asia east to northern China and Manchuria. They tend to be found in hot deserts.When chased jerboas can run at up to 24 kilometres per hour. Some species are prey for Little Owls (Athene noctua) in central Asia.
 Strabena perrieri is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar where it is known from the Sambirano area. The habitat consists of forests.
 Nemacheilus monilis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Epicrocis pulchra is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Horak in 1997 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 The Black shield wasp (Vespa bicolor) is a species of hornet which has been found to be the pollinator of an orchid Dendrobium sinense found only on the Chinese island of Hainan. Vespa bicolor preys on honeybees which it feeds to its larvae.Vespa bicolor is the most common species of wasps in Hong Kong and is one of the most common of its species along with the species Parapolybia. It is found in a wide range of environments and can be found near human dwellings.
 Fabresema bicornuta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Lintneria justiciae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-eastern Brazil eastern Argentina and Uruguay.There are orange-yellow transverse median lines on the abdomen upperside. Adults have been recorded in late January in Brazil.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Justicia Petunia and Hyptis sidifolia.
 Boarmia redirects here. As invalidly proposed by Stephens in 1829 this refers to the moth genus Ectropis.Hypomecis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. Most of them are patterned cryptically and when they sit on bark the markings appear like patches of lichen. Studies have shown that they choose the site for resting with care so that the pattern of crypsis is enhanced.
 Loryma callos is a species of snout moths in the genus Loryma. It was described by Viette in 1973 and is known from Madagascar.
 Coluzea berthae is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Turbonilla tenuicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Suiriri Flycatcher (Suiriri suiriri) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae found in semi-open habitats in South America. It was formerly split into two species; the Chaco Suiriri (S. suiriri) and the Campo Suiriri (S. affinis). Suiriri originates from Guaraní where it is a generic name used for several medium-sized tyrant flycatchers.
 Tosirips perpulchrana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East north-eastern China Korea Japan and Taiwan.
 Allocnemis mitwabae is a species of damselfly in family Platycnemididae. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Intermediate Long-Fingered Bat (Miniopterus medius) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries:Native: Indonesia (Jawa Kalimantan Sulawesi) Malaysia and Thailand. Presence uncertain: Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands
 Dasygaster is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Crowned Lapwing (Vanellus coronatus) or Crowned Plover is a bird of the lapwing subfamily that occurs contiguously from the Red Sea coast of Somalia to southern and southwestern Africa. It is an adaptable and numerous species with bold and noisy habits. It is related to the more localized Black-winged and Senegal lapwings with which it shares some plumage characteristics.
 Darantasia orbonella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in New Guinea.
 Lichenaula maculosa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Williamia is a genus of small sea snails or false limpets marine pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Siphonariidae the false (air-breathing) limpets. Their development is similar to other Siphonariids
 Phoracanthini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Phoracantha and the following species: Phoracantha recurva Newman 1840 Phoracantha semipunctata (Fabricius 1775)↑
 Cymothoe caprina is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo and the south-central part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Harutaeographa elphinia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Indochina and Vietnam (Lao Cai Tonkin).
 Anthela callileuca is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Mesocyon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore within the family Canidae subfamily Hesperocyoninae which inhabited North America from the Early Oligocene 33.9—20.6 Ma existing for approximately 18 million years.Though a carnivore dentition suggests this animal was a hypercarnivore or mesocarnivore.
 Ampheremus cylindricollis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Ampheremus.
 Trochaclis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ataphridae.
 The Rusty-throated Wren-Babbler (Spelaeornis badeigularis) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family.It is endemic to India.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.It is threatened by habitat loss. The species was first described based on a bird collected in 1947 but was not seen again until 2004 when a trip discovered it to be moderately common in a restricted area of Mishmi Hills in Arunachal Pradesh.
 Oligia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Merops is a large genus of bee-eaters a group of near passerine birds in the family Meropidae. The members of this Old World family are characterised by richly coloured plumage slender bodies and usually elongated central tail feathers.
 Acartia jilletti is a species of marine copepod belonging to the family Acartiidae. This species has a total length of up to 1 mm. It is very similar to Acartia ensifera but the female can be distinguished by the shorter caudal rami and the male by the relative length of spines on the fifth pair of legs. This species has been recorded from scattered locations around the coast of New Zealand.
 Lanephus njumanii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Lanephus.
 Neophilopota is a genus of small-headed fly currently containing a single species: Neophilopota brevirostris also described by Schlinger in 2013
 Fusolatirus coreanicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The key silverside (Menidia conchorum) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family. It is endemic to the United States. The key silverside is a U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service Species of Concern. Species of Concern are those species about which the U.S.
 Timandra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nassarius sinusigerus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Miraclathurella clendenini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Asemum caseyi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linsley in 1957.
 Petroscirtes marginatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 4.9 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 The Karoo Scrub Robin or Karoo Robin (Cercotrichas coryphaeus) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Lesotho Namibia and South Africa. Its natural habitats are dry shrubland and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
 The lipinias (genus Lipinia) are skinks (family Scincidae). They belong to the Sphenomorphus group of genera in which Lipinia has a rather basal position (Austin & Arnold 2006).
 Scopelopus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Callona championi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 The Corylus Dagger Moth (Acronicta falcula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States and Canada from southern New England to southern Manitoba and Iowa. Recently seen from Wisconsin Connecticut Rhode Island New York and Michigan. It is reported as rare in Ohio.The wingspan is about 42 mm. There are probably two generations in about May and July to August in most of its range.The larvae feed on the foliage of Corylus species.
 Diala suturalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dialidae.
 Exangerona is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Carychium mariae is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.Carychium mariae was described by Italian malacologist Marianna Panciatichi Ximenes d’Aragona Paulucci (1835-1919) in 1878.
 The Eurybrachyidae (sometimes misspelled Eurybrachidae or Eurybrachiidae) is a small family of planthoppers found in Asia Australia and Africa; there are over 50 species described in some 20 genera. The frons of the head is characteristic in being broader than it is long.
 Eubucco is a genus of colourful birds in the Capitonidae family. They are found in humid forest in South and Central America and the species have almost entirely allo- or parapatric distributions. Slightly smaller than the members of the genus Capito members of the genus Eubucco are all sexually dimorphic have stubby yellowish bills green backs yellow to the neck or underparts and at least in the males red to the head.
 Lexingtonia is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Lobosculum pustula is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Pararrhaptica fuscoviridis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Lanai.
 Eugoa bipunctalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sumatra Java and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland dipterocarp forests and lower montane forests.
 Aleptina arenaria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is only known from the White Sands National Monument Otero County New Mexico.The length of the forewings is 10 mm for males and females. Adults are grey with normal noctuid transverse markings and spots.
 Thatching (31 May 1975 – 1999) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. The horse's early career was delayed and disrupted by injury and he did not show his best form until switched to sprinting distances in the spring of 1979 when he won the Duke of York Stakes. He improved further when equipped with blinkers that summer recording impressive victories in both the Cork and Orrery Stakes and the July Cup.
 Bebearia carshena the Shining Blue Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ubangi Uele north Kivu Tshopo Equateur and Lualaba) western Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of dense forests.The larvae feed on Maranthochloa species.
 Thyrocopa brevipalpis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai.The length of the forewings is 9-16 mm. Adults are on wing year-round. It has a remarkably variable wing pattern.Larvae have been reared on Hedyotis terminalis.
 Disphragis tricolor is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in the western Andes of Colombia and Ecuador.
 Galeojanolus is a genus of sea slugs specifically nudibranchs marine gastropod molluscs in the family Proctonotidae.
 Xeneboda mayumbea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The wingspan is about 8.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish cream but yellower costally. The dots and strigulae are brownish orange. The markings are more brownish than the ground colour and partly paler reticulate brown-orange. The hindwings are yellow orange.
 Peckoltia bachi is a species of armored catfish.
 Hindsiclava militaris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Anheretus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Anheretus ambiguus (Sloane 1892) Anheretus gracilis (Germain 1848)↑
 Ortognathosia santamariana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 The Pericopinae is a subfamily of moths.
 Nazca is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Epifidonia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pyramidella schanderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hectobrocha subnigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lucas in 1890. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from south-eastern Queensland.
 Odostomia dealbata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This is a nomen nudum a naked name that has not been published with an adequate description (or a reference to such a description). Therefore it cannot be accepted as it currently stands.
 Hypercompe obtecta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Omorgus suberosus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Limnaecia orbigera is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Antispila corniella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Kuroko in 1961. It is found in Japan (Kyushu).The wingspan is 5–6 mm. The forewings are dark bronzy fuscous with brassy reflections becoming purplish reflections on the apical half. The basal area is shining leaden-fuscous and the makings are silvery-metallic with yellow or bluish reflections. The hindwings are pale fuscous with feeble purplish lusters. Adults appear from the end of July to August.
 Autocharis carnosalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in North Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 22mm.
 The Common Punch (Dodona durga) is a small but striking butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Punches and Judies that is the family Riodinidae.
 Orthaga picta is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Warren in 1895. It is found in Australia including Queensland.Adults have brown wings with a pale patch transected by a dark line on the costa of each forewing.
 Phyllocnistis drimiphaga is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known only from cloud forests above 2000 m in Cordillera de Talamanca and Central Volcanic Conservation Area in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 2.9-3.5 mm.The larvae feed on Drimys granadensis.
 Cyphoma signatum common name: the Fingerprint Flamingo Tongue is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Titanocetus (Titano whale) is a genus of extinct cetaceans closely related to the family Cetotheriidae.
 ‘‘Stenoplastis’’ flavibasis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Flacillula is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with five described species that occur in the Southeast Asian region. It is closely related to the genus Afraflacilla.They look flattish with a long gray body. They are often found on warm walls rocks and tree trunks.
 Cymatopacha is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Coleophora viridicuprella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California and Oregon.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Naxidia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Chorister (1828–1833) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1831. In a racing career which lasted from May 1830 until October 1831 he ran seven times and won four races. In the St Leger he was not regarded as a serious contender but was given an extremely well judged ride by John Barham Day to win by a short head from The Saddler. Chorister remained in training for two further seasons but never raced again and died in the autumn of 1833.
 Tilloclytus clavipes is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Bates in 1885. It is known from Guatemala.
 Amata decorata is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland areas.Adults are day-flying.
 Morphopoliana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ussuriensia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Bipectilus gracilirami is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Nepal.
 Lepidonectes is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae.
 Melphina tarace the Scarce Forest Swift is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Trochus flammulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Pterorhopalus mizotai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Pterorhopalus.
 Cristilabrum rectum is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Ectropis fractaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 Dicraeus is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Caecidotea nickajackensis is a species of isopod crustacean in the family Asellidae. It was endemic to a single cave in Tennessee and is thought to have been exterminated when that cave was flooded in 1967 by the building of the Nickajack Dam.
 Trichromia odorata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Antrolana lira is a species of crustacean in family Cirolanidae the only species in the genus Antrolana. It is an unpigmented troglobite with no eyes reaching a maximum length of 0.7 inches (18 mm).A. lira is endemic to the Great Appalachian Valley in Virginia and West Virginia where it swims freely through calcite-saturated waters of deep karst aquifers.
 Chamaita is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Coenagrionoidea is a superfamily of Closed Wing damselflies of the order Odonata found world-wide containing six families.
 The Itombwe Massif Clawed Frog (Xenopus itombwensis) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family. It is endemic to the Itombwe Massif of the South Kivu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Chalcophorotaenia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Chalcophorotaenia australasiae (Saunders 1872) Chalcophorotaenia beltanae (Blackburn 1894) Chalcophorotaenia castanea (Carter 1916) Chalcophorotaenia cerata (Kerremans 1891) Chalcophorotaenia cuprascens (Waterhouse 1875) Chalcophorotaenia elongata (Waterhouse 1875) Chalcophorotaenia exilis (Blackburn 1894) Chalcophorotaenia laeta (Waterhouse 1881) Chalcophorotaenia longicollis (Kerremans 1900) Chalcophorotaenia martinii (Saunders 1872) Chalcophorotaenia pedifera (Blackburn 1891) Chalcophorotaenia quadriimpressa (Waterhouse 1875) Chalcophorotaenia sphinx (Obenberger 1916) Chalcophorotaenia violacea (Carter 1915)↑
 The African Oystercatcher or African Black Oystercatcher (Haematopus moquini) is a large charismatic wader resident to the mainland coasts and offshore islands of southern Africa. This near-threatened oystercatcher has a population of over 6000 adults which breed between November and April. The scientific name moquini commemorates the French naturalist Alfred Moquin-Tandon who discovered and named this species before Bonaparte.
 The Vietnamese sika deer (Cervus nippon pseudaxis) is one of the many subspecies of the sika deer. It is one of the smaller subspecies due to the tropical environment they live in. They were previously found in northern Vietnam and possibly southwestern China but have now become extinct in the wild. There are plans for reintroducing this subspecies in the future.
 Arion is a genus of air-breathing land slugs in the family Arionidae the roundback slugs. Most species of this Palearctic genus are native to the Iberian Peninsula.Species can be difficult to distinguish from one another upon cursory examination because individuals of a species can vary in color and there are few obvious differences between taxa. The color of an individual can be influenced by its diet.Some Arion are known as pests such as A.
 Lemyra nocturna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1990. It is found on Sumatra.
 Bakerinulus luzonicus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Iropoca rotundata is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Australia including Victoria New South Wales and Queensland.The wingspan is about 30 mm for males while females are wingless. Males have a pattern of light and dark brown markings on the forewings and plain brown hindwings.The larvae feed on the foliage of various Eucalyptus species.
 Eucereon coenobita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1886. It is found on Jamaica.
 Drepanaspis gemuendenensis is an extinct species of primitive jawless fish from the Devonian Hunsrück lagerstätte. It was a flattened creature with a heavily armored body somewhat ray-like in appearance. Its mouth faced upwards unlike most other Heterostracans which had downward-facing mouths. Drepanaspis also had small widely spaced eyes.
 Asthenotricha grandis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Rwanda.
 Brace's Emerald (Chlorostilbon bracei) is an extinct species of hummingbird which was endemic to the main island of the Bahamas New Providence.
 Alabama hogsucker (Hypentelium etowanum) commonly known as the Alabama Hog Sucker is a species of sucker fish belonging to the Catostomidae family.
 Eupithecia impavida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is widespread ranging from the western Himalayas through southern and central China to Japan.
 Protragocerus is an extinct genus of antelope from the late Serravallian Age (around 13 to 11 million years ago) of the Miocene Epoch. Fossils of the genus have been found in France Kenya India and Saudi Arabia. It is classified under the tribe Boselaphini subfamily Bovinae of the family Bovidae. The genus was first established by the French paleontologist Charles Depéret in 1887.
 Vera's tree frog (Litoria verae) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests intermittent rivers shrub-dominated wetlands and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paraphlebia is a damselfly genus. It belongs in the subfamily Argiolestinae of the flatwing damselfly family (Megapodagrionidae). The Zoe Waterfall Damsel is the largest and most brightly colored of its species. It has two pair of similar-shaped vertical wings.It contains the following species: Paraphlebia duodecima Calvert 1901 Paraphlebia hyalina Brauer 1871 Paraphlebia quinta Calvert 1901 Paraphlebia zoe Hagen 18611 - Zoe Waterfall Damsel↑ ↑
 The golden-rumped elephant shrew (Rhynchocyon chrysopygus) is the largest species in the African elephant shrew family. It is only found in the coastal Arabuko Sokoke National Park north of Mombasa in Kenya. Its name is derived from the conspicuous golden fur on its hindquarters which contrasts strongly with its otherwise dark fur. On juveniles the fur shows vestigial traces of the checkerboard pattern seen on another giant elephant shrew the checkered elephant shrew (Rhynchocyon cirnei).
 Shaw Mayer's Water Rat (Hydromys shawmayeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in the mountains of Papua New Guinea.
 Loensia fasciata is a species of Psocoptera from Liposcelididae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. The species are yellowish-black.
 Crossocheilus periyarensis is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows known commonly as the Periyar latia. It was described in 1996 from the Periyar River in Kerala India. It occurs in Periyar National Park.This is a freshwater fish up to 11.5 centimeters long. It lives in deep fast-flowing river waters over rocky and sandy substrates and it can sometimes be found in still waters.
 Pisinidea is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Lymire candida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Forbes in 1917. It is found on Jamaica and Hispaniola.
 Harttia novalimensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Das Velhas River basin. This species grows to a length of 5.8 centimetres (2.3 in) SL.
 Rudenia leguminana the Black-tipped Rudenia Moth is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the United States from southern Connecticut to Florida and from the mid-west to California. It is also found in Mexico where it has been recorded from Sinaloa Puebla Nuevo Leon and Coahuila.The length of the forewings is 6-7 mm.The larvae feed on various Fabaceae species including Prosopis glandulosa and Parkinsonia aculeata.
 Schistophleps lofaushanensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1951. It is found in southern China.
 Conus grahami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous.
 Sweetmeat (foaled 1842) was a successful English Thoroughbred racehorse that won 16 consecutive races (including walk-overs) as a three year old including the Doncaster Gold Cup and was a useful sire of the early 19th century.
 Caloptilia geminata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū).The wingspan is 10-13.5 mm.The larvae feed on Vaccinium hirtum and Vaccinium smallii. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Goniobranchus daphne is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Black Redstart (Phoenicurus ochruros) is a small passerine bird in the redstart genus Phoenicurus. Like its relatives it was formerly classed as a member of the Thrush family (Turdidae) but is now known to be an Old World flycatcher (Muscicapidae).
 Dalpia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Anisotenes dracontodonta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Diatomocera is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893.
 Joculator megacephala is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Hemipolygona honkeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Rhinopetitia is a genus of characins endemic to Brazil.
 The Common Jay (Graphium doson) is a black tropical papilionid butterfly with pale blue semi-transparent central wing bands that are formed by large spots. There is a marginal series of smaller spots. The underside of wings is brown with markings similar to upperside but whitish in color. The sexes look alike.
 Bolbia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Cellana is a genus of sea snails or limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the family Patellidae the true limpets.
 Aphilopota is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Type species: Aphilopota interpellans (Butler 1875)
 The Guabang Shan salamander Hynobius guabangshanensis is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China as it is only known from the locality from where it was described as a new species to science in 2004 at Guabang Shan Tree Farm in Qiyang County of Hunan Province. Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland swamps freshwater marshes and seasonally flooded agricultural land.H. guabangshanensis resembles H.
 Cophosomorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cophosomorpha agilis Straneo 1995 Cophosomorpha alticola (Peringuey 1899) Cophosomorpha anceyi (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha angulicollis Straneo 1943 Cophosomorpha angustibasis Straneo 1955 Cophosomorpha angustula Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha arnoldi Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha basilewskyi Straneo 1975 Cophosomorpha brincki Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha brittoni Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha caffra (Dejean 1828) Cophosomorpha capicola (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha castelli (Peringuey 1926) Cophosomorpha congenera (Peringuey 1899) Cophosomorpha congruens (Peringuey 1896) Cophosomorpha crenicollis Straneo 1986 Cophosomorpha dichroa (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha endroedyi Straneo 1986 Cophosomorpha fallaciosa (Tschitscherine 1899) Cophosomorpha femoralis Straneo 1995 Cophosomorpha hessei Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha impunctata Straneo 1975 Cophosomorpha laetans Peringuey 1926 Cophosomorpha leleupiana Straneo 1965 Cophosomorpha longelytrata Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha longula Straneo 1951 Cophosomorpha loveridgei Straneo 1951 Cophosomorpha macroptera (Peringuey 1899) Cophosomorpha minuta Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha natalensis (Boheman 1848) Cophosomorpha propinqua Peringuey 1926 Cophosomorpha pseudocastelli Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha pseudodichroa Peringuey 1926 Cophosomorpha recticollis Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha rufina Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha sagittalis Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha similis Straneo 1949 Cophosomorpha sinuatangula Tschitscherine 1901 Cophosomorpha soror (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha sublaetans Straneo 1965 Cophosomorpha vansoni Straneo 1940↑
 Anasaitis canosa previously of the genus Corythalia is a small jumping spider that can typically be found atop leaf-litter or man-made structures such as fences and exterior walls. This species is more commonly known as the twin-flagged jumping spider due to the two pennant shaped markings on the dorsal side of the cephalothorax.
 The Spotless Policeman (Coeliades libeon) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Tropical Africa Mozambique Zimbabwe and is an uncommon migrant to South Africa.The wingspan is 45–52 mm for males and 50–55 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to May in southern Africa and in the winter in subtropical areas.The larvae feed on Drypetes (including Drypetes gerrardii) Cassia and Millettia species.
 The shallow-water Cape hake (Merluccius capensis) is a merluccid hake of the genus Merluccius found in the south-eastern Atlantic Ocean along the coast of South Africa. Its range extends southwards around the coast and into the Indian Ocean. On the east coast it is less abundant and is rarely found in significant numbers north of KwaZulu-Natal. On the west coast M.
 The Goldspotted eel (Myrichthys ocellatus also known as the Goldspotted snake eel or the Dark-spotted snake eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Charles Alexandre Lesueur in 1825 originally under the genus Muraenophis. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from the western and eastern Atlantic Ocean including Bermuda southern Florida USA; the Bahamas Santa Catarina and Brazil.
 Caloptilia loxocentra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales.
 Hapaloptyx difficilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Chirostylidae.
 The Copper Woolly Bat (Kerivoula cuprosa) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast and Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stenalia dzhulfae is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It is found only in Azerbaijan. It was described in 2001 by Odnosum.
 Cuspivolva formosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Batis (pronounced BAT-iss) is a genus of passerine birds in the wattle-eye family. Its species are resident in Africa south of the Sahara. They were previously classed as a subfamily of the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.They are small stout insect-eating birds usually found in open forests or bush. The nest is a small neat cup low in a tree or bush.
 Phanerophalla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Bucculatrix parvinotata is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is 11 mm. The forewings are white with black scales. The hindwings are ocherous tinged. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
 Aspella acuticostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pseudaethria is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Pseudaethria cessogae which is found in Brazil.
 Badham's Blue (Lepidochrysops badhami) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found in Succulent Karoo to the east of Springbok in the North Cape. The wingspan is 28-32 mm for males and 29-32 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to October. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Pelargonium dasyphyllum.
 Parexaula is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Parapinnixa is a genus of crab in the family Pinnotheridae.
 Trigrammia was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Semiothisa.
 Elachista sapphirella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in south-eastern New South Wales the Australian Capital Territory and Victoria.The wingspan is 4.7–6.2 millimetres (0.19–0.24 in) for males and 6.4 millimetres (0.25 in) for females. The forewings are bluish grey for males and dark grey with four white markings for females. The hindwings are grey.Larvae have been reared from an unidentified Poaceae species.
 Neidalia irrorata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 The (American) five-lined skink (Plestiodon fasciatus) is a species of lizard endemic to North America. It is one of the most common lizards in the eastern U.S. and one of the seven native species of lizards in Canada.
 Bufo proboscideus is a South American species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cypress Tip Moth (Argyresthia cupressella) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is endemic to the western coast of the United States and Canada but has been introduced in Europe.The wingspan is 8–9 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Chamaecyparis Cupressocyparis Thuja Sequoia and Juniperus species.
 Lambula nigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1929. It is found on Buru.
 Spasalus crenatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
 Dolichogyna is a genus of hoverflies.
 Cochylimorpha additana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Algeria.
 Eolambia is a genus of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaur from the early Late Cretaceous Epoch of the USA.
 Lemaireia is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family commonly known as Moon moths.Small Oriental genus consisting of 8 orange-marked yellow species reviewed by Nassig & Holloway (in press).
 Exilisia contrasta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Kenya.
 Ptecticus is an Old World genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae. The ground colour of the body may be yellow brown or black and the abdomen often shows a degree of transverse stripes. They may mimic parasitic wasps in appearance and habits. The wings are often dusky and the second abdominal segment may be translucent. A well-developed inner projection of the second antennal segment is characteristic for the majority of Ptecticus species.
 The Sunapee golden trout Salvelinus alpinus oquassa is a subspecies of Arctic char last seen in its native habitat in Sunapee Lake New Hampshire in the 1950s.The Sunapee trout was often a foot long and was said to actually be silver in color. It was an distinct strain of Arctic char having become trapped (by changed drainage systems) in four New Hampshire lakes: Big Dan Pond Sunapee Lake Floods Pond and Averill Pond.
 Stigmella titivillitia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Hokkaido in Japan.The larvae feed on Alnus japonica and Alnus hirsuta. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Neanderthal behavior is subject to much study and speculation. Neanderthals were thought to be almost exclusively carnivorous and apex predators. However new studies indicate that they had cooked vegetables in their diet. They made advanced tools had language (the nature of which is debated) and lived in complex social groups.
 Lithoxus boujardi is a species of armored catfish endemic to French Guiana where it occurs in the Approuague and Oyapock River basins. L. boujardi frequents fast flowing waters of rivers and creeks with a rock or sand substrate. This species grows to a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Corythurus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Patelloida latistrigata is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Cymbiola flavicans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Nebria rubicunda is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Algeria Morocco Tunisia and in Spain. The species are 11 millimetres (0.43 in) in length.
 The northern long-eared bat (Nyctophilus arnhemensis) is a species of vesper bat. It is found in northern Australia.
 Nudina is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Nudina artaxidia which is found in the Russian Far East (Primorye) China (Heilongjiang Liaonin Shanxi Guangxi Yunan Guangdong) Taiwan Korea and Japan.
 Hallaxa decorata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae.
 Lampsilis higginsii is a rare species of freshwater mussel known by the common name Higgins' eye pearly mussel. It is native to the United States where it occurs in the Mississippi River and the drainages of some of its tributaries. It is threatened by the introduced zebra mussel (Dreissena polymorpha). It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This bivalve mollusc is in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Agelena gaerdesi is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Roewer in 1955. It is primarily found in Namibia.
 Rekoa marius the Marius Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Paraguay north to Sonora in Mexico. Strays may be found as far north as southern Texas. The habitat consists of disturbed tropical areas.The wingspan is 22–32 mm. The upperside of the males is dark iridescent blue. Females are gray. The hindwing has an orange eyespot near the tail. Adults are probably on wing year round in Mexico.
 Langona is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumpingspiders).Langona species are similar to those of the genus Aelurillus.
 The Large Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis magnirostris) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Bhutan Malaysia Myanmar Nepal and Thailand.
 Typhlocypris trigonella is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Candonidae. It is endemic to Slovenia where it is known only from Postojna Cave.
 Psilogramma paukstadtorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia.
 Walleye (Sander vitreus formerly Stizostedion vitreum) is a freshwater perciform fish native to most of Canada and to the Northern United States. It is a North American close relative of the European pikeperch.
 The Thick-billed Ground Dove (Gallicolumba salamonis) is an extinct dove species of the Gallicolumba genus.
 Anthene inconspicua the Inconspicuous Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Ghana eastern Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mongala Uele and Lualaba) Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Oxycanus hebe is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Spathulina is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Perdicella fulgurans is an extinct species of tropical tree-living air-breathing land snail arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.This species was endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Bosara bursalobata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo and Bali. The habitat consists of upper montane forests.The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm.
 Cancellaria richardpetiti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Turritella incisa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Picrorrhyncha scaphula is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1922. It is found in India (Assam).
 Neoarius berneyi the highfin catfish Berney's catfish Berney's shark catfish or the lesser salmon catfish is a freshwater sea catfish that is commonly kept in aquariums. The origin of the name Neoarius berneyi is Greek with the genus name Neoarius coming from the words neos meaning new and arios meaning warlike or hostile in reference to the well developed fin spines and the species name berneyi comes from the ornithologist F. L. Berney.
 Selimus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species S. venustus is found in Brazil.Saaristo (2006) erroneously erected a genus of the same name in the family Theridiidae for the species Anelosimus placens described by Blackwall in 1877 as Theridion placens and moved to Anelosimus by Saaristo (1978). If this new genus is valid it will have to be renamed.
 Aplexa hypnorum or by the common name the moss bladder snail is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae a family which are sometimes known as the bladder snails.As is true of all physids the shell is sinistral or left-handed. The species inhabits temporary water bodies and occurs from Europe to Asia.
 Pseudomelanopa is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae. People used to think it is a monotypic genus. After another species in the genus P. liupan sp.nov. was found in 2009 it now has 2 species.
 Metopoceras solituda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eremic parts of Africa north to south-western Iran and the Near East where it occurs in Saudi Arabia the Sinai in Egypt Israel Jordan Lebanon and Syria.Adults are on wing from March to April. There is one generation per year.
 Recilia trisuli is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.
 Rissoa paradoxa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Santanadactylus (meaning Santana Formation finger) was a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Aptian-age Romualdo Member of the Lower Cretaceous Santana Formation of Barra do Jardim Araripe Plateau Ceará Province Brazil. Four species have been named but today it is doubted they are part of the same genus. It was a rather large pterosaur.
 Adelotypa bolena is a species of butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Brazil and Paraguay. It is the type species of the genus Adelotypa.
 The bight stinkfish Foetorepus phasis is a dragonet of the family Callionymidae found in the eastern Indian and southwest Pacific Oceans at depths of between 160 and 200 m. Length is up to 13 cm.
 Platypsecas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in Venezuela.
 The Surat serotine (Eptesicus dimissus) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Thailand.
 Siliquariidae is a family of sea snails with unusual very loosely coiled shells. These are marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.
 Longnose Shiner (Notropis longirostris) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Caloptilia tangkai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 Hypercompe abdominalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Para Minas Gerães Rio Janeiro).Larvae have been recorded feeding on Brassica and Veronica species.
 Ophiusa verecunda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Gabon.
 Leonides is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Yellow-crested Helmetshrike (Prionops alberti) is a species of bird in the helmetshrike family Prionopidae formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Caecum johnsoni common name the Johnson's caecum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Aethes citreoflava is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Heilongjiang Jilin) Japan Korea Russia (Amur Ussurijsk) and Mongolia.
 Euryeulia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Vallagyris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Rotulidae are a family of small sand dollars native to the Atlantic coast of Africa with 3 genera with Rotula and Heliophora being extant the other Rotuloidea being extinct since the Pliocene but all three being found in the fossil record along the Atlantic African coast since the Miocene.
 Guimarotodon is an extinct mammal of the Upper Jurassic. It was a relatively early member of the also extinct order of Multituberculata. It made its living nibbling plants as great big and small dinosaurs roamed the world. (For the technically minded suborder Plagiaulacida family Paulchoffatiidae.)Guimarotodon (Guimarota tooth) Hahn G 1969. Guimarotodon Hahn 1969 exhibits a more slender Corpus mandibulae than either Paulchoffatia or Meketibolodon.
 The Fairy Lorikeet (Charmosyna pulchella) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Tuberculanostoma is a genus of hoverflies.
 Pseudosimnia pyrulina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Uloboridae the cribellate orb weavers or hackled orb weavers is a family of non-venomous spiders. Their lack of venom glands is a secondarily evolved trait. Instead they kill their prey by crushing with over 140 metres of thread.All members of this family produce a feathery fuzzy silk called cribellate (or hackled) silk. These spiders do not use an adhesive on their orb webs but rather the very fine fibers on each strand of silk tend to ensnare prey.
 Eristparcula ochriuba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).
 Copelatus kalaharii is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Gschwendtner in 1935.
 Eleutherodactylus taciturnus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mistratoan Yellow-shouldered Bat (Sturnira mistratensis) is a species of leaf-nosed bat indigenous to the western Andes in the Mistrato municipality in Risaralda Colombia. Since existing information derives exclusively from the holotype the status of the species its environmental requirements and the trend of the population are unknown.
 Hyposmocoma fuscodentata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kilauea.
 Hylomyscus is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species:Genus Hylomyscus - African wood miceH. aeta groupBeaded Wood Mouse Hylomyscus aetaHylomyscus grandisH. alleni groupAllen's Wood Mouse Hylomyscus alleniAngolan Wood Mouse Hylomyscus carillusStella Wood Mouse Hylomyscus stellaWalter Verheyeni's Mouse Hylomyscus walterverheyeniH. anselli groupAnsell's Wood Mouse Hylomyscus anselliArc Mountain Wood Mouse Hylomyscus arcimontensisH.
 Nyctibatrachus minor is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to India. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cyclophora lyciscaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Guinea Kenya La Réunion Madagascar and South Africa.
 Phodoryctis stephaniae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū Shikoku and the Ryukyu Islands) Nepal and Taiwan.The wingspan is 5.8-8.1 mm.The larvae feed on Stephania species including Stephania japonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Pheggomisetes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pheggomisetes buresi (Knirsch 1923) Pheggomisetes globiceps Burasch 1925 Pheggomisetes radevi Knirsch 1924↑
 Xylophanes bilineata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.The wingspan is 74-78 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes fassli but oval patch distal to the discal spot is smaller and darker green.The forewings are dull grey-green. The cell spot has the form of a large black dot followed by a small slightly darker area. The hindwings are grey-black with a faint orangey-cream band and a narrow dark green outer margin.
 Tristachycera viridis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Tristachycera.
 Camponotus sericeus is a species of carpenter ant.
 The Puna Snipe (Gallinago andina) is a small stocky wader. It breeds in the Andes of northern Peru to northwestern Argentina and northern Chile. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the South American Snipe.
 The Flame-colored Tanager (Piranga bidentata) formerly known as the Stripe-backed Tanager is a medium-sized American songbird. Formerly placed in the tanager family (Thraupidae) it and other members of its genus are now classified in the cardinal family (Cardinalidae).
 Prodasycnemis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Pingasa hypoleucaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on La Réunion and Mauritius.
 Splendrillia skambos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Eumolpinae are a subfamily of the leaf beetles or Chrysomelidae.They are oval and convex in form and measure up to 10 mm in size.The color range of this beetle goes from bright yellow to dark red.
 The Argentine bolo mouse (Necromys benefactus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is endemic to central Argentina where it is found in the pampas and the drier espinal (lowland thorn brush).
 Bythocrotus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species Bythocrotus cephalotes is endemic to Hispaniola.
 Shakapour (2 April 1977–after 1994) was an Irish-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He showed promise as a two-year-old in 1979 when he won the last of his three races. In the following year he won the Prix de Guiche and finished second in the Prix du Jockey Club before recording his biggest success when dead-heating for the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud. His career was ended by injury shortly afterwards and he was retired to stud where he made little impact as a sire of winners.
 Transeuplexia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Triplophysa nandanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Thalerotricha mylicella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland Tasmania and Victoria.
 Tarachodes circulifer is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Yunnan red-backed vole (Eothenomys miletus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in Southwest China specifically Yunnan Province. It is the largest member of the Eothenomys genus with a higher cranium a soft thick and long coat with tawny brown to reddish brown coloring and grey underparts.
 Cenochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eagris sabadius is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zambia Zimbabwe and on Madagascar Mauritius Réunion the Seychelles and the Comoro Islands. The habitat consists of montane forests forests and forest margins.The larvae feed on Grewia similis Grewia forbesii Hibiscus rosasinensis Dombeya burgessiae and Rhus species.
 Biturix lanceolata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Haiti.
 Mangelia dunkeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Coptia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Coptia armata (Laporte de Castelnau 1832) Coptia effeminata Darlington 1934 Coptia marginicollis Chaudoir 1879 Coptia sauricollis Darlington 1934↑
 The Eastern Barking Frog (Eleutherodactylus augusti) is a small Leptodactylid frog found in the southern United States in the states of Texas and New Mexico with disjunct populations in Arizona and northwestern Mexico. It is called the barking frog because its call sounds like the barking of a small dog. The epithet augusti is in honor of renown French zoologist Auguste Duméril.[1]
 Ethmia lepidella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Algeria Tunisia Libya the Palestinian Territories the United Arab Emirates Turkey and Spain.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Echium humile and Anchusa hispida.
 The Accipitrinae is the subfamily of the Accipitridae often known as the true hawks including all members of Accipiter and the closely related genera Melierax Urotriorchis Erythrotriorchis and Megatriorchis. The large and widespread genus Accipiter includes goshawks sparrowhawks the Sharp-shinned Hawk and others. They are primarily woodland birds that hunt by sudden dashes from a concealed perch with long tails broad wings and high visual acuity facilitating this lifestyle.
 Nicrophorus morio is a burying beetle described by F.A. Gebler in 1817.
 Quasirhabdochaeta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Hawaiian Gallinule (Gallinula galeata sandvicensis) is an endangered chicken-sized water bird in the rail family. It is also variously known as the Hawaiian Common Gallinule Hawaiian Moorhen Hawaiian Common Moorhen Mudhen locally in Hawaiian as the `Alae `Ula (“burnt forehead” - for its prominent red frontal shield) and sometimes misleadingly as the Hawaiian Red Coot.
 Baptodoris cinnabarina is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Conus dusaveli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Naga Sapphire (Heliophorus kohimensis) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Flax is a genus of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 Axiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eclipta is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Eclipta aberlenci (Tavakilian & Peñaherrera-Leiva 2005) Eclipta aegrota (Bates 1872) Eclipta amabilis (Melzer 1934) Eclipta amanoaphila (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2003) Eclipta anoguttata (Bates 1873) Eclipta astrigae (Tavakilian & Penaherrera-Leiva 2003) Eclipta atripes (Fisher 1952) Eclipta bauhiniae (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2004) Eclipta bilineaticollis (Zajciw 1965) Eclipta bipunctata (Melzer 1934) Eclipta bistriaticollis (Zajciw 1965) Eclipta bivittata (Fuchs 1961) Eclipta bivitticollis (Fisher 1952) Eclipta brachialis (Bates 1873) Eclipta brasiliensis (Fisher 1947) Eclipta brevipennis (Melzer 1934) Eclipta castanea (Bates 1873) Eclipta championella (Bates 1880) Eclipta collarti (Fuchs 1959) Eclipta costipennis (Giesbert 1991) Eclipta cribripennis (Bates 1873) Eclipta curtipennis (Zajciw 1966) Eclipta cyanea (Bates 1885) Eclipta discolor (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta eirene (Newman 1841) Eclipta eperuaphila (Tavakilian & Peñaherrera-Leiva 2005) Eclipta erythrodera (Bates 1873) Eclipta eunomia (Newman 1841) Eclipta fanchonae (Tavakilian & Penaherrera-Leiva 2003) Eclipta faurei (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2003) Eclipta flavicollis (Bates 1873) Eclipta fritschei (Gounelle 1913) Eclipta giuglarisi (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2004) Eclipta gracilis (Fisher 1952) Eclipta guianensis (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2004) Eclipta igniventris (Giesbert 1991) Eclipta lanuginosa (Bates 1873) Eclipta lateralis (Fisher 1952) Eclipta lauraceae (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2004) Eclipta liturifera (Bates 1873) Eclipta malacodermoides (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2003) Eclipta malthinoides (Bates 1870) Eclipta melzeri (Zajciw 1967) Eclipta minuens (Giesbert 1991) Eclipta monteverdensis (Giesbert 1991) Eclipta nais (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta nigriventris (Melzer 1934) Eclipta notaticollis (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta notatipes (Tavakilian & Peñaherrera-Leiva 2005) Eclipta pallidicornis (Zajciw 1966) Eclipta perplexa (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta picturata (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta pilosipes (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2004) Eclipta prolixa (Bates 1873) Eclipta pseudoruficollis (Tavakilian & Peñaherrera-Leiva 2005) Eclipta quadrispinosa (Gounelle 1913) Eclipta ramulicola (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta romani (Aurivillius 1919) Eclipta ruficollis (Bates 1870) Eclipta sallaei (Bates 1885) Eclipta seabrai (Zajciw 1960) Eclipta semiflammea (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta seminigra (Gounelle 1911) Eclipta signaticollis (Melzer 1922) Eclipta socia (Melzer 1934) Eclipta subcastanea (Zajciw 1966) Eclipta taraleaphila (Tavakilian & Penaherrera-Leiva 2003) Eclipta thoracica Bates 1873 Eclipta transversemaculata (Tavakilian & Peñaherrera-Leiva 2005) Eclipta vasconezi (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2004) Eclipta vicina (Melzer 1927) Eclipta vitticollis (Bates 1873)↑
 Tsirananaclia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The freshwater crocodile (Crocodylus johnsoni or Crocodylus johnstoni; see below) also known as the Australian freshwater crocodile Johnston's crocodile or colloquially as freshie is a species of reptile endemic to the northern regions of Australia.Unlike their much larger Australian relative the saltwater crocodile freshwater crocodiles are not known as man-eaters and rarely cause fatalities although they will bite in self-defense if cornered.
 Eriothrix rufomaculata is a fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Amphicyclotus is a genus of tropical land snails with gills and an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoridae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Amphicyclotus is the type genus of the subfamily Neocyclotidae.
 Atracinae commonly known as Australian funnel-web spiders is a subfamily of spiders in the funnel-web spider family Hexathelidae. Atracinae consists of three genera: Atrax Hadronyche and Illawarra. The subfamily includes species with medically significant venom six species of which have severely envenomed human victims. The bite of Atrax robustus is potentially deadly but there have been no fatalities since the introduction of modern first aid techniques and antivenom.
 Amphelictus fuscipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The White-throated Laughingthrush (Garrulax albogularis) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found mainly in the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent primarily the Himalayas and some adjoining and disjunct areas. It ranges across Afghanistan Bhutan India Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Tibet and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The White-bellied Mountaingem (Oreopyra hemileucus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ctenucha schausi is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
 Sinijanella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Telmatobius latirostris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are rivers urban areas and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Algerian Nuthatch (Sitta ledanti) is a small passerine bird which is the only bird species endemic to Algeria where it is also the only nuthatch. It was first discovered on October 5 1975 at the Djebel Babor mountain in the Petite Kabylie range in northern Algeria by a team led by a young Belgian agronomist Jean-Pierre Ledant.The Algerian Nuthatch is a resident bird of four areas of mountain forest in northeast Algeria.
 Adeuomphalus elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Parachaetolopha spinosicornuta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Bittium incile is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Philautus is a genus of shrub frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. Some species in this genus are now considered extinct by IUCN while others are widespread and abundant (such as the recently described P. abundus which was specifically named for this fact). The taxonomy of the group is unclearthough with many poorly described species.This genus is unique in that development not direct with all growth inside the egg and no free-swimming tadpole stage.
 Pollex is a genus of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 Nemopoda nitidula is a European species of fly and member of the family Sepsidae.
 Turritella hastula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Lonchopisthus is a genus of jawfishes native to the tropical West Atlantic (Caribbean Sea) and East Pacific oceans (Gulf of California).
 Glyptemys is a genus of turtles in the family Emydidae. It comprises two species the bog turtle and wood turtle both of which are endemic to North America. Until 2001 these turtles were considered members of the genus Clemmys which currently has one member the spotted turtle. Full grown these turtles grow to between 8.9 and 20 cm (3.5 and 7.9 in). These turtles are semiaquatic although this varies based on season.
 Distorted Humor (foaled March 19 1993 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and a successful sire.
 Leucozonia tuberculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Cyclostrema bushi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.This species was named after the American malacologist Katherine J. Bush (1855-1937) who had made a revision of Cyclostrema in 1897 (Transactions of the Connecticut Academy of Science 10:97-144).
 Xanthodisca vibius the Vibius Orange and Vibius Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya eastern Tanzania Malawi north-western and north-eastern Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of forests and moist dense woodland especially Brachystegia woodland.Adults are known to mud-puddle. They are on wing from January to May.The larvae feed on Afromomum species.
 Teracotona pruinosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Joannis in 1912. It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia.
 The Canary Islands Oystercatcher or Canarian Oystercatcher (Haematopus meadewaldoi)was a shorebird endemic to Fuerteventura Lanzarote and their offshore islets (Islote de Lobos and the Chinijo Archipelago) in the Canary Islands Spain.Hockey (1982) showed that the Canary Islands Oystercatcher was a full species distinct from the African Oystercatcher Haematopus moquini of which it was formerly considered a subspecies; these two were occasionally lumped as subspecies of the Eurasian Oystercatcher. 
 Holospira arizonensis common name the Arizona holospira is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.
 Gymnobela virgulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Ophelliidae is a family of small annelid worms. It contains the following genera:AmmotrypanellaAntiobactrumArmandiaDindymenidesEuzonusKesunLobochesisOpheliaOphelinaPolyophthalmusPygopheliaTachytrypaneThoracopheliaTravisia↑
 Purpurcapsula bayeri is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Asuridoides atuntseica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1951. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Simnia vidleri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Natterer's Slaty Antshrike (Thamnophilus stictocephalus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in northern Bolivia (Beni Department and Santa Cruz Department) and Brazil (in the southern Amazon between the Tocantins River Xingu Tapajós and Madeira Rivers). It was previously included in the widespread Slaty Antshrike (T.
 The neotropical pygmy squirrel (Sciurillus pusillus) is a South American species of tree squirrel being the only living species in the genus Sciurillus and the subfamily Sciurillinae. Genetic analysis has shown it to be the sister group to all other squirrels.
 Elaphrus purpurans is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Hausen in 1891.
 Olepa toulgoeti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in southern India.
 Dichelia histrionana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to Belgium Italy and Greece and from the Netherlands to Poland and Romania.The wingspan is 17–22 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to late August.The larvae feed on Picea and Abies species. They live in the old needles of their host plant. A single larva mines a number of leaves entering though a round opening mostly in the base of the leaf. Mined needles are spun together.
 Afrospilarctia unipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1905. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Malawi Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zimbabwe.
 Derobrachus inaequalis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Basslerocerida is an order of nautiloid cephalopods from the Ordovician comprising exogastric longiconic cyrtocones that is no longer in common use.
 Psectrotarsia rhodophora is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is only known from Guatemala.The length of the forewings is 13.0–17.5 mm. Adults have been recorded in October and November.
 Vulcaniella extremella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found from Poland to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Bulgaria and from France to central and southern Russia.The wingspan is 8–11 mm. Adults have been recorded from mid May to mid September.The larvae feed on Salvia austriaca Salvia nemorosa tesquicola and Salvia pratensis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a short corridor generally along the midrib.
 The genus Lygus includes over 40 species of plant-feeding insects in the family Miridae. At one time nearly 200 species were classified as genus Lygus but most of those have since been reclassified into new or existing genera. The term lygus bug is used for any member of genus Lygus. The more well-known lygus bugs are those that have agricultural impacts. Some lygus bugs are very serious agricultural pests.The insects appear as small oval creatures.
 The broadfin shark (Lamiopsis temminckii) is a species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae found in the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific oceans between latitudes 24° N and 4° S from the surface to 50 m. Its length is up to about 1.7 m. It is viviparous and not known to be dangerous to people.
 Acrolepiopsis orchidophaga is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1982. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 8.5–10 mm.
 Lyces attenuata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is known almost exclusively from material collected by Anton Fassl in 1907-1908 in western Colombia.
 Anisolabis oahuensis is a species of earwig in the genus Anisolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 Geritola liana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
 Neoprososthenia is a genus of freshwater snails with gills and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.
 Lunatia grossularia is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Tecticrater cervae is a species of very small deepwater limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lepetellidae.
 The Common Quail (Coturnix coturnix) is a small bird in the pheasant family Phasianidae. It is widespread and is found in parts of Europe; it should not be confused with the domesticated Japanese Quail Coturnix japonica native to Asia which although visually similar have very distinct calls.
 Calathus minutus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain.
 Pseudoharpax virescens virescens is one of the two subspecies of mantis in the species Pseudoharpax virescens.
 Anumeta atrosignata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Arabian Desert the Sinai Israel east to north-western India.There are probably two generations per year. Adults are on wing from March to July.The larvae feed on the Calligonum species.
 Blair Athol (1861–1882) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted little more than three months in the summer and autumn of 1864 he ran seven times and won five races including one walk-over. His wins included the Epsom Derby and the St Leger. Despite the brevity of his racing career he was regarded by contemporary experts as one of the best British racehorses of his era and arguably the greatest horse ever trained in the North of England.
 Tippmannia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tippmannia bucki (Lane 1973) Tippmannia olivascens (Lane 1973) Tippmannia rhamnusioides (Tippmann 1953)↑
 Lunaspis (Moon Shield) is an extinct genus of petalichthyid fish that lived in shallow marine environments of the Early Devonian period. Fossils have been found in Germany China and Australia.
 Neasura hypophaeola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found on the Sangihe Islands.
 The toadstool groper Trachypoma macracanthus is a sea bass of the subfamily Anthiinae of the family Serranidae is found in the southwest Pacific Ocean. Its length is between 20 and 40 cm.
 The spiny oak slug (Euclea delphinii) is a moth in the family Limacodidae.
 Cambridgea decorata is a species of spider in the genus Cambridgea found only in New Zealand. It is classified as data deficient under the New Zealand Threat Classification System. The only published records are of specimens collected in the 1940s from Parnell (male holotype) and Waiheke Island (females). Both localities are in or near Auckland City.
 Brachylaima virginianum is a fluke of the genus Brachylaima that infects the Virginia opossum (Didelphis virginiana) throughout its range. It has also been found in young black bears (Ursus americanus) and in marsh rice rats (Oryzomys palustris) both from Florida.
 Oedilepia striginervella is a species of snout moths in the genus Oedilepia. It was described by Hampson in 1930 originally under the genus Nephopterix. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Asota antennalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Sulawesi and the Sumatra.The wingspan is about 61 mm.
 Exilisia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Platycheirus splendidus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Britain and Europe.
 The Burnet Companion Moth (Euclidia glyphica) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone.The larvae feed on Viola Trifolium and Trifolium species.
 Conilithidae is a proposed taxonomic family of small to medium-sized sea snails specifically cone snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies.In 2009 John K. Tucker and Manuel J. Tenorio proposed elevating the subfamily Conilithinae (previously placed in the family Conidae) to the rank of family. This was based on a cladistic analysis of anatomical characters including the radular tooth the morphology (i.e.
 The Andean Teal (Anas andium) is a South American species of duck. Like other teals it belongs to the diverse genus Anas; more precisely it is one of the true teals of subgenus Nettion. It restricted to the Andean highlands of Colombia Venezuela and Ecuador. It inhabits freshwater wetlands preferring palustrine habitat to rivers. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Pleurogrammus is a genus of greenlings native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
 Pectinina is a taxonomic grouping of saltwater clams a suborder within the order Ostreoida of marine bivalve mollusks.
 Tylotiella burnupi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Ormetica pretiosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1921. It is found in Brazil.
 Meterana pauca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1910. It is found in New Zealand.
 Histiophryne is a genus of frogfishes found in waters ranging from Taiwan to South Australia. There are currently three known species. These fishes are easily distinguished from other anglerfishes as having a reduced (or missing) luring appendage a highly evolved form of the first dorsal fin spine. The second and third spines are immobile and reduced as well to mere bumps beneath the skin. The rear fins extend past the body of the fish and meet its tail fin.
 Pseudocurimata is a genus of toothless characins found in tropical South America with these currently described species: Pseudocurimata boehlkei Vari 1989 Pseudocurimata boulengeri (C. H. Eigenmann 1907) Pseudocurimata lineopunctata (Boulenger 1911) Pseudocurimata patiae (C. H. Eigenmann 1914) Pseudocurimata peruana (C. H. Eigenmann 1922) Pseudocurimata troschelii (Günther 1860)
 The Palau Island Dtella (Gehyra brevipalmata) is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra native to the Palau Islands.
 Marchia pellucida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Haemanota nigricollum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Calliotropis siphaios is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Philecia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nematopogon robertella is a moth of the family Adelidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 14–16 mm. The moth flies from late May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on Bilberry.
 The Inyo Mountains salamander (Batrachoseps campi) is an endangered species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family that is endemic to California in the western United States.
 Holophaea endoleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1909. It is found in Colombia.
 Peters's squirrel (Sciurus oculatus) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Mexico.
 Trisopterus esmarkii the Norway Pout is a species of fish found in the Barents Sea North Sea Baltic Sea off the coasts of Norway Iceland the British Isles and elsewhere in the northeast Atlantic Ocean. It is in the same family as cod. It can generally be found at depths of 100 m to 200 m. Individuals can reach 35 cm but average 19 cm. It is extensively fished mostly for conversion into fishmeal with 877910 t taken in 1974 and only 39223 t taken in 2008.
 Scolecenchelys japonica is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Yoshihiko Machida and Suguru Ohta in 1993.
 Entocolax schiemenzi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Anthropornis is a genus of giant penguin that lived 37-45 million years ago during the Late Eocene and the earliest part of the Oligocene. It reached 1.7 m (5 ft 7 in) in height and 90 kg (200 lb) in weight. Fossils of it have been found on Seymour Island off the coast of Antarctica and in New Zealand.
 Nebria pontica is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 The White-headed Mousebird (Colius leucocephalus) is a bird belonging to the mousebird family Coliidae. It is found only in east Africa where it occurs in southern Somalia and parts of Kenya with its range just extending into southern Ethiopia and northern Tanzania. It inhabits arid bushland up to 1400 metres above sea-level.It is 32 cm long with the long graduated tail accounting for over half of this. The plumage is mainly greyish with black and white barring on the back neck and breast.
 The Monkeyface Prickleback (Cebidichthys violaceus) also commonly known as the Monkeyface eel is a species of prickleback native to the Pacific coast of North America. Despite being commonly called an eel due to its body shape it does not fall into the fish order Anguilliformes with true eels but the Perciformes along with most bony fishes.
 Ambulyx inouei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.
 Leucosyrinx tenoceras is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Tripteridia caesiata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Oxycnemis acuna is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona and Texas.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Homaxinella is a genus of sea sponges demosponges in the family Suberitidae. The type species is Homaxinella balfourensis.
 Mantidactylus curtus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers intermittent rivers arable land pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Nishada flabrifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka India (Calcutta Travancore Nilgiris) and on Java.The larvae have been recorded feeding on mosses growing on moist walls. They are black dorsally and light grey ventrally. The body is covered with black hairs. Pupation takes place in a loose cocoon.
 Malacocis is a genus of beetles in the family Ciidae containing the following species: Malacocis bahiensis Pic 1916 Malacocis brevicollis (Casey 1898) Malacocis championi Gorham 1886↑
 The Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog Trachycephalus mesophaeus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Osmia atriventris sometimes referred to as the Maine blueberry bee is a megachilid bee native to eastern North America from Nova Scotia to Alberta in the north and Iowa to Georgia in the south. This solitary bee normally gathers pollen from many different flowers but will pollinate blueberries and is sometimes used commercially for this purpose.
 Tamga hamulifera is a disk-shaped fossil from Precambrian strata of the White Sea area in Russia.
 Macrophya is a genus of sawfly (order Hymenoptera family Tenthredinidae).
 Eleutherodactylus bromeliaceus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Abantis tanobia the Ghana Paradise Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in western Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are on wing in December January and February.
 Hydrogen was a champion Australian thoroughbred racehorse.By the imported stallion Delville Wood (who also sired Melbourne Cup winner Evening Peal) he was foaled in 1948 and was trained throughout his career by Ted Hush.Hydrogen failed by a neck of being the first horse to win three Cox Plates when beaten in 1951 as a three year old.
 Nesodes insularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Nesodes.
 Buzara infractifinis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia.The larvae feed on Breynia species.
 Sochchora donatella is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Brazil British Guyana Venezuela and Peru.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing in July.
 Pseudauchenipterus is a genus of driftwood catfish that occur in tropical South America.
 Philaenus is a genus belonging to the family Aphrophoridae. The genus name Philaenus comes from the Greek philein meaning love.
 Homoeosoma picoensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Meyer Nuss and Speidel in 1997 and is known from the Azores.
 Tympanistes testacea is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in India.
 Dalaca crocatus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile.
 Paramartinsia quadrimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Paramartinsia.
 Macrosoma coscoja is moth-like butterfly described by Paul Dognin in 1900. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 Typhlops veddae is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Phoxomylus is an extinct genus of palaechthonid plesiadapiform which existed in Alberta Canada during the late Paleocene (earliest Tiffanian age). It was first named by Richard C. Fox in 2011 and the type species is Phoxomylus puncticuspis. The holotype exposed in Paskapoo Formation by Gordon P. Youzwyshyn on 10 July 1988.
 Trypeta megacephala is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Double-collared Seedeater (Sporophila caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay Peru and Uruguay; also the southern border of Colombia on the Amazon River.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Linckia columbiae is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae that is found off the coast of California and adjacent areas of the semi-tropical north east Pacific Ocean. Common names include the fragile star the Pacific comet sea star and the variable sea star.
 Synclera is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Acochlidiidae are a taxonomic family of shell-less freshwater gastropods (one of them Palliohedyle weberi lives in brackish water) aquatic gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea.
 Pseudidonauton bhaga is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra.Adults have pale brown forewings with a small apical patch and larger basal zone of dark brown.
 Ilemodes astriga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique South Africa Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Diplophos rebainsi Rebains' portholefish is a bristlemouth of the family Gonostomatidae found in the south-east and west Pacific and the South Atlantic oceans.
 Berberia lambessanus (Staudinger 1901) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to the North African region mainly Morocco Algeria and Tunisia. It flies in the vast steppes but has a preference for slopes and the males are easily seen flying in search of a shy female. Usually females are fertilised as soon as they hatch. The range of Berberia lambessanus overlaps with that of B. abdelkader
 Scalptia aliguayensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The stone loach Barbatula barbatula is a species of fresh water ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.It is found in Baltic states Eastern Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Hungary Ireland Italy Liechtenstein Luxembourg Moldova the Netherlands Poland Romania Serbia and Montenegro Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland and the United Kingdom.Stone loaches live amongst the gravel and stones of fast flowing water where they can search for food. 
 The rusty parrotfish Scarus ferrugineus is a species of fish found on coral reefs in the Red Sea the Gulf of Aden and the Persian Gulf. It is generally common. It measures up to 41 cm (16 in) in length. While the terminal phase is multicoloured the initial phase which frequently is seen in groups is overall brownish with a yellow tail.
 Helicodiscus parallelus common name the compound coil is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicodiscidae.Helicodiscus parallelus is the type species of the genus Helicodiscus.
 The Green Hemlock Needleminer Hemlock Leaf Miner or Baldcypress Webworm (Coleotechnites apicitripunctella) is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the eastern parts of the United States as well as eastern Canada.
 Geomyersia is a genus of skink.
 Cingulina rugosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Nabis mediterraneus is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Hyposmocoma hemicasis is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality is Mount Kaala.
 The Dusky snake eel (Ophichthus cylindroideus also known as the Tentacle-nose eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Camillo Ranzani in 1839. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the western Atlantic Ocean including Cuba and Brazil.
 Echinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Mantell's moa (Pachyornis geranoides) is an extinct species of New Zealand birds of the Family Moa. These moa lived in the North and the South Islands and on Stewart Island. Its habitat was the lowlands (shrublands grasslands dunelands and forests). It was a ratite and a member of the Struthioniform Order. The Struthioniformes are flightless birds whose sternum lacks a keel and whose palate is distinctive.
 Eucosmophora manilkarae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Florida and Texas.The length of the forewings is 3.3-3.5 mm for males and 3–4 mm for females.The larvae feed on Bumelia celastrina and Manilkara bahamensis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. On Manilkara bahamensis the mines occur on the underside of young yellow-green still expanding leaves. The serpentine early track oftenhas a reddish orange frass stain that occasionally zigzags from side to side.
 Telmatobius culeus commonly known as the Titicaca water frog is a very large and critically endangered species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is entirely aquatic and only found in Lake Titicaca and rivers that flow into this lake in South America.
 Isoentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Eosentomidae.
 Epicrocis nigrinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Sympistis mut is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 36–39 mm.
 The Chitonophilidae are a family of parasitic copepods with these genera:Chitonophilus Avdeev & Sirenko 1991Cocculinika Jones & Marshall 1986Cookoides Avdeev & Sirenko 1994Ischnochitonika Franz & Bullock 1990Lepetellicola Huys Lopez-Gonzalez Roldan & Luque 2002Leptochitonicola Avdeev & Sirenko 1991Leptochitonoides Avdeev & Sirenko 2005Nucellicola Lamb Boxshall Mill & Grahame 1996Tesonesma Avdeev & Sirenko 1994↑
 Anthidium rufitarse is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Assert (17 April 1979 – 1995) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. As a two-year-old he was beaten by Golden Fleece on his debut but went on to win the Beresford Stakes. In the following year he was again beaten by Golden Fleece in a trial race but went on to win four Group One races: the Prix du Jockey Club Irish Derby Benson & Hedges Gold Cup and Joe McGrath Memorial Stakes. He was rated the best middle-distance horse in Europe in 1982 by Timeform.
 Ormiscodes is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Leucoptera orobi is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found in Finland Estonia Ireland Latvia and Scotland.There are two generations in England. The first generation hatches from hibernated pupae during May and the second generation flies during July. It seems to be single-brooded in Finland with a flying period from early to late June.The larvae feed on Lathyrus linifolius. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Everestiomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Argyrana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coralliophila monodonta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eupithecia incurvaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan northern Pakistan Jammu & Kashmir Nepal and India (Sikkim). It is found at altitudes between 1400 and 3500 meters.
 Drosophila mojavensis is a cactophilic species of fruit fly from the southwestern United States and Mexico and was one of 12 fruitfly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study.
 The small Mauritian flying fox or dark flying fox (Pteropus subniger known as rougettes to early French travelers) is an extinct species of megabat. It lived on the islands of Réunion and Mauritius in the Mascarene Islands of the Indian Ocean. It was abundant with up to 400 sometimes crowding together at a single roost in a cave or in an ancient hollow tree while most other fruit bats prefer to roost in the branches of large trees.
 Pterotopteryx colchica is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Zagulajev in 1992. It is found in Adjara.
 The Greenland halibut or Greenland turbot (Reinhardtius hippoglossoides) belongs to the Pleuronectidae family (the right eye flounders) and is the only species of the genus Reinhardtius. It is a deepwater fish distributed from 200 to 1600 m but has been caught at depths more than 2200 m (7200 ft). It is mainly found in waters with temperatures from 1-4 °C but has also observed at sub-zero temperatures down to -2.1 °C.
 The White-browed Guan (Penelope jacucaca) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is endemic to the Caatinga in north-eastern Brazil. It is threatened by habitat loss and hunting.
 Odostomia vanurki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This species is also condidered a synonym of Odostomia wareni Schander C. 1994
 Phyllonorycter scitulella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from the Czech Republic to Portugal Italy and Greece and from France to Ukraine.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower surface tentiform mine with one strong fold in the lower epidermis. Pupation takes place within the mine in a cocoon that is almost entirely covered with frass.
 Libellulosoma minuta is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
 Discus guerinianus is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae the disk snails.
 Spongia officinalis better known as bath sponge is a commercially used sponge. It is found throughout the Mediterranean Sea.It is a hermaphroditic animal and can reproduce asexually by means of budding or through sexual reproduction. When alive its color is dark grey; upon drying it becomes either yellow or brown. Young larvae swim freely until they attach themselves to the sea floor or other adequate ground.
 Pterocerina basalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae.
 The triangular kidneyshell scientific name Ptychobranchus greenii is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. It is endemic to Alabama in the United States where it is known from several rivers and streams in the Mobile River Basin. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This aquatic bivalve mollusc is somewhat oval in shape and may reach 10 centimeters in length. It is yellow to yellow-brown in color.
 Papilio euchenor is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea Sulawesi Sumatra and various surrounding islands.The wingspan is 100–130 mm.The larvae feed on Evodia and possibly also Citrus species.
 Diminovula caledonica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Bamboo Poison Frog (Ranitomeya biolat) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Peru commonly in habitats with bamboo.
 Stagnicola bonnevillensis is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 Dioryctria resiniphila is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Segerer and Pröse in 1997 and is was described from Greece. It was recorded from China in 2009.The wingspan is 26–30 mm.The larvae feed on Abies cephalonica. They feed in the cones of their host plant.
 Sepia aureomaculata is a species of cuttlefish native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean specifically the Kii Channel Tosa Bay Hyuga-Nada and the East China Sea. It lives at a depth of between 190 and 350 m.S. aureomaculata grows to a mantle length of 160 mm.The type specimen was collected in Tosa Bay Japan and is deposited at the National Science Museum of Japan in Tokyo.
 Bramocharax is a genus of characins found in Mexico and Central America. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Bramocharax baileyi D. E. Rosen 1972 Bramocharax bransfordii T. N. Gill 1877 Bramocharax caballeroi Contreras-Balderas & Rivera-Tiellery 1985 (Catemaco characin) Bramocharax dorioni D. E. Rosen 1970↑
 Pseudoglessula is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
 The Acacia Blue Surendra vivarna is a species of lycaenid or Hairstreak butterfly found in Sri Lanka India and the Indonesian Islands as far as Sulawesi.
 Peratherium is a genus of metatherian mammals in the family Herpetotheriidae that lived in Europe and Africa from the Early Eocene to the Early Miocene. Species include the following:Peratherium africanumPeratherium antiquumPeratherium bretouensePeratherium cayluxiPeratherium constansPeratherium cuvieriPeratherium elegansPeratherium lavergnensePeratherium matronensePeratherium monspeliensePeratherium perrierensePeratherium sudrei↑
 Monortha funestra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Colpospira joannae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Kuterintja is an extinct genus of marsupial of the family Ilariidae. Only one species has been described Kuterintja ngama from Late Oligocene of Australia.
 Imbricaria conovula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Enchelycore schismatorhynchus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It was first named by Bleeker in 1853 and is commonly known as the White-margined moray Brown moray eel or the Funnel-nostril moray.
 Calliostoma grimaldii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Bullina lineata common name the red-lined bubble snail is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bullinidae.
 Cribrorioxa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Round stingray may also refer to Taeniura grabata.The round stingray or Haller's round ray Urolophus halleri is a species of round ray family Urolophidae found in the coastal waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean. It is a small common ray that feeds mostly on benthic invertebrates. On the beaches of southern California it is responsible for numerous injuries to bathers who are stung when they accidentally step on the fish.
 Brosmophycis marginata the Red brotula is a species of viviparous brotula found along the North American Pacific coast from Alaska to Baja California. This fish is often displayed in public aquariums. This species grows to a length of 46 centimetres (18 in) TL. The red brotula is the only known member of its genus.
 Baissogyrus savilovi is an extinct species of fossil beetle in the family Gyrinidae the only species in the genus Baissogyrus.
 Racinoa leucoides is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Strand in 1910. It is found in Tanzania.The larvae feed on Ficus elastica.
 Pagodula tenuirostrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Argyresthia dilectella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Northern Europe and Central Europe.The wingspan is 7–9 mm. The moth flies from June to August. .The larvae feed on Juniperus communis and Chamaecyparis.
 The Gilded tube-nosed bat (Murina rozendaali) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Calocalanus pavo is a species of copepod in the family Calocalanidae.
 Ziridava dysorga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Samoa and the Cook Islands.
 The Convict snake eel (Leiuranus versicolor) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John Richardson in 1848. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the Pacific Ocean including Palau Australia Papua New Guinea and Norfolk Island. It dwells at a depth range of 3-18 metres and forms burrows in the soft bottoms of inshore regions. Males can reach a maximum total length of 75.4 centimetres.
 Proscopiidae is a family of Neotropical stick grasshoppers or jumping sticks.
 Ittibittium nipponkaiense is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Stagmomantinae is a subfamily of Mantidae a family of insects within the order of mantises (Mantodea). It consists of 3 genera.
 Dimorphoreicheia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dimorphoreicheia relicta Magrini 2004 Dimorphoreicheia vannii Magrini Fancello & Leo 2002↑
 Endotricha tamsi is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Whalley in 1963 and is known from São Tomé & Principe.
 The Wonder (foaled 1978) was a French-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. The Wonder was one of the best horses of his generation in France at two three and four years of age: his wins included the Prix de Conde Criterium de Saint-Cloud Prix Greffulhe Prix d'Ispahan Prix Edmond Blanc and Prix Jacques le Marois. In 1983 he was transferred to the United States where he won the San Bernardino Handicap Century Handicap and Californian Stakes.
 The Galápagos Martin (Progne modesta) is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family endemic to the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Platyognathus is an extinct genus of protosuchian crocodylomorph. Fossils are known from the Early Jurassic Lower Lufeng Formation in Yunnan China and belong to the type and only species P. hsui.
 Asymphorodes balanotis is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Theriella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).T. tenuistyla was moved from genus Yepoella when erecting this genus.
 Malapterurus cavalliensis is a species of electric catfish endemic to Ivory Coast where it occurs in the Cavally River. This species grows to a length of 12.15 centimetres (4.78 in) SL.
 The Spot-breasted Antvireo (Dysithamnus stictothorax) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Argentina and Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Lyle's flying fox (Pteropus lylei) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae. It is found in Cambodia Thailand and Vietnam.
 Smaridiidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes. These large predatory mites have long oval bodies distinctively pointed in front. They are usually red and densely hairy with slender legs sometimes very long. They have either one or two pairs of eyes.
 Impages trilineata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Euryphalara is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 The Black-breasted Buzzard (Hamirostra melanosternon) or Black-breasted Kite is a large bird of prey in the family Accipitridae and the monotypic genus Hamirostra. It is sometimes known as the Black-breasted Kite but is neither a kite nor a buzzard rather a kind of eagle.
 Hindsiclava jungi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Helmeted Honeyeater (Lichenostomus melanops cassidix) is a passerine bird in the Honeyeater family. It is a distinctive and critically endangered subspecies of the Yellow-tufted Honeyeater that exists in the wild only as a tiny relict population in the Australian state of Victoria in the Yellingbo Nature Conservation Reserve. It is Victoria’s only endemic bird and was adopted as one of the state’s faunal emblems in 1971.
 Caloptilia betulicola commonly known as Red Birch Slender) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Scandinavia and the north of European Russia to the Pyrenees and Alps and from Ireland to Poland and Slovakia. In the east it is found up to China Japan and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 14–16 millimetres (0.55–0.63 in).
 Bicyclus maesseni Maessen’s Ignoble Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Côte d'Ivoire Ghana and Togo. The habitat consists of primary and secondary forests with a closed canopy usually with tangled undergrowth.
 Anthene indefinita is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele and Shaba) Uganda Ethiopia central and western Kenya Tanzania and Burundi. The habitat consists of moist savanna and forests.The larvae feed on Erythrococca rigidifolia.
 Lambula castanea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It has only been recorded from Papua. The habitat consists of mountainous areas.
 Brookesia stumpffi also known as the plated leaf chameleon (German: Stachelchamäleon) is a species of chameleon found in some parts of Madagascar. It can be found in Nosy Bé north-west Madagascar Nosy Komba and Nosy Sakatia. The specimen is a type of lectotype.
 Risoba vitellina is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in India.
 Catocala separata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Balkans the Mediterranean part of southern Turkey and the Levant.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae probably feed on Quercus species.
 Asteropyge is an extinct genus of trilobite. It lived from the end of the Lower Devonian (upper Emsian) into the Middle Devonian (lower and upper Eifelian) in what are today France (Armorican Massif) and Germany (Eifel area).
 Huberia striata is an ant of the family Formicidae endemic to New Zealand.
 Carterus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Carterus angustipennis (Chaudoir 1852) Carterus angustus (Menetries 1832) Carterus boschi Schauberger 1934 Carterus cribratus (Reiche & Saulcy 1855) Carterus dama (P.Rossi 1792) Carterus depressus (Brulle 1832) Carterus fulvipes (Latreille 1817) Carterus gilvipes (Piochard De La Brulerie 1873) Carterus gracilis Rambur 1837 Carterus interceptus Dejean 1830 Carterus lefebvrei (Brulle 1832) Carterus microcephalus Rambur 1837 Carterus neglectus Wrase 1994 Carterus rotundicollis Rambur 1837 Carterus rufipes (Chaudoir 1843) Carterus validiusculus Brulerie 1873↑
 Diptilon telamonophorum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Prittwitz in 1870. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro Minas Gerais).
 Parrhasius selika is a moth of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Hewitson in 1874. It is found in Brazil Bolivia and Venezuela.
 Cyrestinae is a small subfamily of nymphalid brush-footed butterflies. It is considered to include only three genera Marpesia Chersonesia and Cyrestis distributed in the tropics.
 Wattebledia siamensis is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
 The Yellow conger (Rhynchoconger flavus) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by George Brown Goode and Tarleton Hoffman Bean in 1896.
 Hoplophoneus is an extinct genus of the family Nimravidae subfamily Nimravinae endemic to North America during the Late Eocene to Early Oligocene epochs (38—33.3 mya) existing for approximately 3.9 million years.
 Campatonema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Keraea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrialpulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Discidae the disc snails.
 Eulamprotes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Pusia voncoseli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae.
 Rhabdastrella globostellata also known as yellow pot sponge is a marine sponge of the order Astrophorida. It is native to many regions of the Indian Ocean including the shores of Madagascar the Seychelles and Australia as well as the Malayan Peninsula and Singapore. It was first described by Henry J. Carter as Stelleta globostellata in 1883 named after the globostellate shape of its spicules (Latin globus meaning sphere and stellātus meaning star-shaped).R.
 Opisthacanthus rugiceps is a species of African scorpion.
 Uracentron is a genus of Tropidurid lizards found in forests in northern South America. It contains only two species which both are arboreal have a relatively short spiny tail and mainly feed on ants.
 The White-browed Bush Robin (Tarsiger indicus) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Bhutan China India Myanmar Nepal Taiwan and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Microrca bistrialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Microrca. It was described by Amsel in 1956. It is found in Venezuela.
 The Three Spot Crimson Tip (Colotis eunoma) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Mozambique Tanzania and Kenya. The habitat consists of coastal dune scrubs.Adults are probably on wing year round.
 Thrinax baumgartneri is an extinct species of shark. It was classified based on two relatively complete teeth and two isolated crowns. Due to the limited material available and its similarities to Chlamydoselachus fiedleri it has been suggested that the criteria with which T. baumgartneri is separated from Chlamydoselachus fiedleri are within the normal variation of Chlamydoselachus. This would therefore make T.
 Acleris kochiella is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe Kazakhstan the Ural region Irkutsk and China.The wingspan is 15–18 mm. Adults are on the wing from June to July and in September. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Ulmus species. They feed on folded or spun leaves.
 Newcombia pfeifferi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii the United States.
 Elaphrus tuberculatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Maklin in 1878.
 Aguascalientia is an extinct genus of miniature camels endemic to North America (as far south as the Panama Canal) during the Early Miocene 23.030—20.6 mya existing for approximately 2.43 million years.
 Conops ceriaeformis is a species of fly from the genus Conops in the family Conopidae. Their larvae are endoparasites of bees and wasps. The fly is scarce in the United Kingdom.
 Zygaenosia flavonigra is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1924. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Nannostomus anduzei (common name: Anduzi's pencilfish) is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the genus Nannostomus in the Lebiasinidae family of characins. It is native to Venezuela and northern Brazil particularly the upper Orinoco and Rio Ererê a tributary of the Rio Negro. The adults grow to a maximum length of only 16 mm making them one of the smallest pencilfish. Other common names include miniature pencilfish miniature nannostomus and Anduzi's nannostomus.
 Mordellistena elongata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1863 by Fairmaire & Germain.
 The Rosy Thrush-Tanager (Rhodinocichla rosea) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family where it belongs to the presently monotypic genus Rhodinocichla.[citation needed]It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Mexico Panama and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Citrinophila similis the Similar Yellow is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana southern Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Conus comatosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Barbus amboseli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Aburina is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 The bullhead (Cottus gobio) is a freshwater fish that is widely distributed in Europe mainly in rivers. It is a member of the Cottidae family a type of sculpin. It is also known as the miller's thumb freshwater sculpin common bullhead and European bullhead.The bullhead is a small demersal fish that lives both in cold clear fast-flowing small streams and in middle-sized rivers. It also occurs on gravelly shores of cold lakes.
 Oulema is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae.
 Thuridilla carlsoni is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae.
 Colostethus carioca is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Zymologa is a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Zymologa mylicopa which is found in Colombia.
 Psychostrophia melanargia is a moth of the Epicopeiidae family. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 32–39 mm.
 Thomas's Sac-winged Bat (Balantiopteryx io) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.It is found in Belize Guatemala and Mexico.
 Haplochromis beadlei is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Nabugabo in Uganda. This species reaches a length of 11.8 centimetres (4.6 in) SL.
 Heterogymna metarsia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1989. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Mitrella turbita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Andamia tetradactylus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific Ocean around the Ryukyu Islands and Indonesia.
 Eomyrus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Micragrotis rufescens is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Beris morrisii the yellow-legged black legionnaire is a European species of soldier fly.
 Ribeiroia is a group of trematode parasites (or flatworms) that sequentially infect freshwater snails in the family Planorbidae (ramshorn snails) as first intermediate hosts fish and larval amphibians as second intermediate hosts and birds and mammals as definitive hosts (see chapter Life Cycle). In North America infection by Ribeiroia has been linked to amphibians with limb malformations.
 Banisia aldabrana is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in the Seychelles on the islands of Aldabra Menai and Cosmoledo and in South Africa.The forewings of this species are light fuscous brown tinged with rufous and uniformly striated with darker brown.The female is wholly suffused with brick red.Their wingspan is 15 to 18 mm.
 Naviculavolva elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Labeo degeni is fish in genus Labeo.
 The Acrobatidae are a small family of gliding marsupials containing two genera each with a single species the feathertail glider (Acrobates pygmaeus) from Australia and feather-tailed possum (Distoechurus pennatus) from New Guinea.
 Euplexia borbonica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic on Réunion.
 Clarkeulia licea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Morum fatimae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Fusinus paulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The H. epicurus is a member of the family Lycaenidae.
 Patiriella commonly known as carpet sea star is a genus of sea stars of the family Asterinidae. Native to southern Australia New Zealand and southern America (Argentina and Chile) they are most often found in intertidal pools and can vary greatly in colour between individuals. It contains the following species:
 Paranotoreas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ceromitia phaeoceros is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 Hyposmocoma phantasmatella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Children's python (Antaresia childreni) is a nonvenomous python species found in Australia.
 Elachista adempta is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Alberta Saskatchewan Colorado Nebraska Nevada Utah and Wyoming.The length of the forewings is 4-6.3 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white usually with a brownish spot in the middle of the wing at the fold and another similar spot at 2/3 of the wing. The hindwings are whitish to light grey and the underside of the wings is grey.
 Charaxes obudoensis the Obudu Pearl Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of sub-montane and montane forests at altitudes above 1400 meters.
 Ruschi's rat (erroneously Rushi's rat) Abrawayaomys ruschii is a rodent species found in Argentina and Brazil. Some cranial features suggest it may be an archaic relative of the Thomas's Parmo mouse (Thomasomys). The upper parts are greyish yellow with a darker head and yellowish-white underparts. Fine hairs are mixed with flattened and grooved spines that are most numerous on the back.
 Oxygoniola chamaeleon is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Oxygoniola.
 Metalampra cinnamomea is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Zeller in 1839. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula most of the Balkan Peninsula Ireland and Great Britain.The wingspan is 10–14 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to October in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Abies alba Alnus Betula Pinus Quercus species.
 Sirinopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tanypezidae is a small family of medium-sized true flies (Diptera) found in the Nearctic Palaearctic and Neotropic zoogeographic regions. Some species have luminous silver or gold coloration.
 The Clay Triple-lines (Cyclophora linearia) is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in Europe primarily in the southern half of Britain.The wingspan is 26–33 mm. The moths fly from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Beech.
 European lyctus beetle (Lyctus linearis) is a wood-boring beetle in the family Bostrichidae (formerly in the family Lyctidae which is now a subfamily of Bostrichidae). The larvae of this beetle live primarily in dry trunks of oak.
 Eilema albescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tanzania and Uganda.
 Ehmaniella is a genus of trilobite known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale. 392 specimens of Ehmaniella are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed where they comprise .74% of the community. Its major characteristics are a wide cranidium heavy eye ridges longitudinal striae on the pre-glabellar area and a small pygidium with few segments.
 Aethes prangana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in in the southern Urals and Caucasus of Russia Asia Minor Armenia and northern Iran.The wingspan is 20–23 mm. Adults are on wing in April and June.
 Epidesma rotundipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1931. It is found in Bolivia.
 Eulimella fontanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.The epithet fontanae refers to Mrs M.A. Fontana Angioy editor of the journal La Conchiglia.
 Paliga is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ornipholidotos aureliae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the north-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Microcobitis misgurnoides is a species of loach endemic to Vietnam. It is the only species in its genus.
 Gnathocinara is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family. It contains only one species Gnathocinara situla which is found on Sumatra. The wingspan is 30-43 mm.
 Pseudocossus pljustchi is a moth in the Cossidae family. It was described by Yakovlev and Saldaitis in 2011. It is found in Madagascar.
 Eleutherodactylus cuneirostris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hyposmocoma obscura is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Olinda and Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Elachista levipes is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Pempeliella sororculella is a species of snout moth. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.The wingspan is about 24 mm.
 Eburiaca sinopia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Eburiaca.
 Trithemis pluvialis is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The red victoria nothobranch (Nothobranchius robustus) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitats are rivers intermittent rivers swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Utah chub (Gila atraria) is a cyprinid fish native to western North America where it is abundant in the upper Snake River and throughout the Lake Bonneville basin.This chub generally follows the cyprinid body plan. Its dorsal fin lies directly over the pelvic fins and usually has nine rays. Coloration is rather variable; the back is usually a metallic or olive green ranging to nearly black and sometimes with a bluish shade while the sides are silvery brassy or golden.
 Cosmisoma titania is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Eupithecia addictata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from north-eastern Italy through Austria northern Hungary and southern Slovakia to Ukraine Russia and Japan. It is also found in the southern Balkan Peninsula (including the Republic of Macedonia Greece and probably also Bulgaria).The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults are on wing from mid June to the beginning of August.The larvae feed on Thalictrum species including Thalictrum minus und Thalictrum foetidum.
 Systomus jayarami is a species of cyprinid fish native to Manipur India. This species reaches a length of 9.3 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.
 The Georgia blind salamander (Haideotriton wallacei) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae (the lungless salamanders). It is endemic to the southeastern United States where its natural habitats are inland karsts caves and subterranean habitats (other than caves). It is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN and is threatened by habitat loss. (Haideotriton is considered synonymous with Eurycea by some experts.)
 Diloxis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1897 and contains the species D. ochriplaga. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Kupeornis is a genus of bird in the Leiothrichidae family. It contains the following species: Chapin's Babbler (Kupeornis chapini) White-throated Mountain Babbler (Kupeornis gilberti) Red-collared Babbler (Kupeornis rufocinctus)
 Euphaedra limbourgi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Reigh Count (1925–1948) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1928 Kentucky Derby and the 1929 Coronation Cup in England.Reigh Count was bred by Willis Sharpe Kilmer and foaled at Court Manor near New Market Virginia.
 The Dark-banded Flower Gem (Melaporphyria immortua) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New England west to Colorado north to southern Manitoba central Saskatchewan and Alberta.The wingspan is about 22 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larval host plants are unknown although there are some records of unknown origin that it feeds on lupine. Reports on Thalictrum species probably refer to nectaring.
 Utetheisa transiens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jurriaanse and Lindemans in 1919. It is found in Indonesia (Tukang Besi Archipelago).
 Austrolittorina antipodum (Philippi 1847) known as the Banded periwinkleis a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles found in New Zealand.
 Brown Trapezoid Snake Rhabdops bicolor is a species of snake found in India (Assam Meghalaya; Arunachal Pradesh (Deban Namdapha - Changlang district) ) N Myanmar (= Burma) and China (W Yunnan).
 Laetilia hebraica is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Joannis in 1927. It is found in Mozambique.
 Abraxas albiquadrata is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Warren in 1897. It is known from Ceram and Bacan.
 The Madagascan Cuckooshrike (Coracina cinerea) also known as the Ashy Cuckooshrike is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. The taxon cucullata by most authorities considered a subspecies of the Madagascan Cuckooshrike has occasionally been considered a separate species the Comoros Cuckoo-shrike (Coracina cucullata).It is found in Comoros Madagascar and Mayotte.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cirricaecula macdowelli is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker and John Ernest Randall in 1993. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from Taiwan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 22.8 centimetres.
 The Wedge-tailed Eagle (Aquila audax) sometimes known as the Eaglehawk (both misnomers as it is not a hawk and its tail is shaped more like a diamond) is the largest bird of prey in Australia and is also found in southern New Guinea. It has long fairly broad wings fully feathered legs and an unmistakable diamond-shaped tail.
 The Jamaican Owl (Pseudoscops grammicus) is a medium-sized tawny colored owl that is endemic to the island of Jamaica. It is considered by some the only member of its genus Pseudoscops while other authorities include in it the Striped Owl. It has dark brown barring flecking and streaks and its amber facial disk is rimmed in black-flecked white. It has hazel eyes long ear tufts and a grayish-yellow bill. It mainly uses open habitats with scattered clumps of trees generally in lowlands.
 Diastema is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ansonia guibei is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Epapterus is a genus of driftwood catfishes that occur in South America. There are currently two described species in this genus.
 The Common armyworm (Mythimna convecta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia. The term “Armyworm” is used because of their habit to spread out in a line across a lawn or pasture and slowly “marching” forward meanwhile consuming the foliage they encounter.The wingspan is about 40 mm. The larvae feed on a range of agricultural plants like Ananas comosus Ipomoea batatas Medicago sativa and Poaceae species and are thus considered a pest.
 Eubetia boop is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Nepotilla bathentoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Stravinsky is an American-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from August 1998 until November 1999 he ran eight times and won three races. He showed promising form as a two-year-old and was regarded as a serious Contender but ran disappointingly over distances of seven furlongs and one mile in early 1999.
 Macrotomoxia is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Macrotomoxia castanea Píc 1922 Macrotomoxia palpalis (Kônô 1935)↑
 Helioprosopa liciata is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Helioprosopa of the family Tachinidae.
 Trematocara unimaculatum is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.
 Ebertia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Phyllonorycter lalagella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Chrysograpta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Verreaux's Eagle (Aquila verreauxii) is a large African bird of prey. It is also called the Black Eagle especially in Southern Africa leading to potential confusion with the Indian Black Eagle (Ictinaetus malayensis) which lives in Asia. Verreaux's Eagle lives in hilly and mountainous regions of southern and eastern Africa (extending marginally into Chad) and very locally in West Africa the Arabian Peninsula and the southern Middle East.
 Hyposmocoma inflexa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet.
 Calidota lubeckei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Beutelspacher in 1986. It is found in Mexico.
 The Marine Blue or Striped Blue (Leptotes marina) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in from South America through Mexico up to Southern Texas Arizona and California.The wingspan is 22–29 mm.
 Rasbora volzii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Circaetinae is a bird of prey subfamily which consists of a group of medium to large broad-winged species. These are mainly birds which specialise in feeding on snakes and other reptiles which is the reason most are named as snake-eagles or serpent-eagles. The only exception is the Bateleur a more generalised hunter. All the subfamily are restricted to warmer parts of the Old World.They have hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey strong legs and powerful talons.
 Ceryx flaviplagia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found on the Philippines.
 Daphnis hayesi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi in Indonesia.The length of the forewings is 41-43 mm. The forewing upperside is similar to Daphnis hypothous hypothous but differs in details of pattern there is a dark green sharply delimited sinuous line across the light olive grey subapical area the angle of the outer edge of the dark green median area is obtuse and part of the dark median area is dark green.
 Jocara albimedialis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Mexico and Costa Rica.
 The Medium Ground Finch (Geospiza fortis) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is endemic to the Galapagos Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. One of Darwin's finches the species was the first which scientists have observed evolving in real-time.In 1977 a severe drought reduced the supply of seeds in the Galapagos.
 The flying mice also known as the pygmy scaly-tails pygmy scaly-tailed flying squirrels or pygmy anomalures are not mice not squirrels and are not capable of true flight. These unusual rodents are essentially miniaturized versions of anomalures and are part of the same sub-Saharan African radiation of gliding mammal.
 Macrobathra cineralella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Réunion.
 The Northern Pine Tussock or Northern Conifer Tussock (Dasychira plagiata) is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Newfoundland from Labrador to Alberta in Massachusetts New York and North Carolina.The wingspan is about 35 mm. The moths are on wing from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Picea glauca Picea mariana Picea rubens Abies balsamea Abies fraseri Tsuga canadensis Pinus and Larix species.
 Arhopala alitaeus is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Asia (see subspecies section).
 Homalocephala similis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae.
 Anthidium rotundoscutellare is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Juba Weaver (Ploceus dichrocephalus) also known as Salvadori's Weaver is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya and Somalia.
 Big Drama (foaled 2006 in Ocala Florida) is a dark bay thoroughbred racing colt bt leading sire Montbrook and out of dam Riveting Drama. He is trained by David Fawkes. Bred and owned by Mr. Harold Queen Big Drama has earned $2746060 to date (April 27 2012).
 Autarcontes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Autarcontes abdominalis Waterhouse 1887 Autarcontes brasiliensis Obenberger 1922 Autarcontes cortezi Obenberger 1958 Autarcontes eucalopterus Obenberger 1958 Autarcontes guatemozin Obenberger 1958 Autarcontes lopezi Fisher 1925 Autarcontes montezuma Obenberger 1958 Autarcontes mucoreipennis Obenberger 1958 Autarcontes mucoreus (Klug 1825) Autarcontes negrei Cobos 1961 Autarcontes pictiventris Waterhouse 1887 Autarcontes panus Waterhouse 1887↑
 Exerodonta sumichrasti is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudoeurycea juarezi is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pumila novaceki is an extinct iguanid that lived in what is now Palm Springs California from the Blancan to Irvingtonian stages of the Pliocene to Early Pleistocene.It is currently known from a partially crushed skull. Features of the skull show both basal iguanian features and characters very similar to the extant Iguana suggesting that the living animal may have resembled a juvenile Green iguana.
 Viettesia hampsoni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
 Tritonoturris concinnus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Bavispe sucker in Mexican matalote del Bavispe (Catostomus leopoldi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in Mexico.
 Tachymenes is a small (3 species currently recognized) afrotropical genus of potter wasps restricted to Southern Africa.
 Lycaenoides is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 The Bright-rumped Yellow Finch (Sicalis uropygialis) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Tibetan Lark (Melanocorypha maxima) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is found in Bhutan China and India.
 Ectoedemia argyropeza is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is a widespread species with a Holarctic distribution. It is found in most of Europe as well as North America. In Russia it is found in Leningrad Moscow Kaluga Tatarstan and Kalinigrad. It is also known from north-eastern China.The wingspan is 7 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. It is a parthenogenetic species with males being extremely rare.The larvae feed on Populus tremula and Populus tremuloides (ssp. downesi).
 The Fluid Arches (Morrisonia latex) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to South Carolina west to Arkansas and north to Manitoba.The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Acer rubrum Acer saccharum Acer saccharinum Acer nigrum Prunus serotina Betula lenta Betula nigra Betula lutea Betula papyrifera Ulmus americana Nyssa sylvatica Quercus alba Quercus rubra Quercus prinus Quercus velutina and Sassafras albidum.
 Atta saltensis is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Atta. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini.
 Tangarona pensa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Tangarona.
 Allomerus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 The Stephanoberyciformes are an order of marine ray-finned fishes consisting of about 45 species the majority (37) of which belong to the ridgehead family (Melamphaidae). The Stephanoberyciformes are mostly uncommon deep-sea species with little if any importance to commercial fishery. They share many morphological similarities with the Beryciformes their sister order.Some sources classify their other close relatives the whalefishes as a superfamily herein named Cetomimoidea.
 Donacia is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Donaciinae. Like other members of that subfamily the beetles have long antennae. They are active and able to fly. Larvae feed on submerged portions of aquatic plants such as water lilies and breathe oxygen from plant vessels.
 Notocochlis is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Leptostylus dealbatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Jacquelin du Val in Sagra in 1857.
 Coralliophila fearnleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Crambidia pura the Pure Lichen Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913. It is found in North America including Arizona Florida Georgia Kentucky Maryland Mississippi New Jersey North Carolina Ohio Ontario South Carolina Tennessee Texas and Wisconsin.There appear to be two generations per year one at the end of June the other in mid-August.Larvae feed on lichens.
 Cibyra magua is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Peru.
 Alucita eudasys is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Variegated Pearl (Synclera traducalis) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Sweden Bulgaria Cyprus the Canary Islands Israel the Palestinian Territories Lebanon Syria Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates Yemen Egypt Senegal Equatorial Guinea South Africa La Réunion India and Sri Lanka.The wingspan is 20–23 millimetres (0.79–0.91 in).
 Odostomia unidens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This species is also considered a synonym of Odostomia plicata (Montagu 1803)
 Cyclophora intermixtaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan the Himalaya Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Orthocomotis auchmera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Amaurobius scopolii is a spider species found in Southern Europe.
 The Particolored Flying Squirrel (Hylopetes alboniger) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Cambodia China India Laos Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The atlas pebblesnail (Somatogyrus humerosus) is a species of minute freshwater snail that has an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Leptonotis is a genus of small limpet-like sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Hipponicidae the hoof snails.
 Coptotriche berberella is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is found in Morocco and on the Iberian Peninsula.
 Strioterebrum varium is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Ophiomorus raithmai is a species of skink endemic to India and Pakistan.
 Venusia laria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Japan.The wingspan is 17–21 mm.
 Echinolittorina biangulata is a species of sea snail in the Indo-West Pacific Ocean a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Coleophora cinerea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France and Italy.
 Great Satyr Aulocera padma is a Brown butterfly that ranges across the Himalayas to Assam north Burma and western China.
 Andigena the mountain toucans is a genus of birds in the Ramphastidae family. They are found in humid highland forests in the Andes of South America ranging from Bolivia to Venezuela. These medium-sized toucans all have olive-brown upperparts a black crown yellow rump blue-grey underparts and a red vent.
 Achlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Ophiogramma.
 Tirol (16 March 1987 – August 2007) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career that lasted from July 1989 to September 1990 he ran nine times in Britain Ireland and France. Beginning in September 1989 he won five consecutive races culminating the following spring with successes in the Classic 2000 Guineas at Newmarket (in record time) and the Irish 2000 Guineas at the Curragh.
 Ascidia is a genus of tunicates in the family Ascidiidae.
 Abachausia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. It contains only one species Abachausia grisea which is found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Atrina rigida commonly known as the rigid pen shell is a bivalve mollusc found from the North Carolina coast through the West Indies and to Brazil. It has attracted research interest in studies of calcification in its nacre as well as other aspects of its ecology.
 Common names: Piraja's lancehead.Bothrops pirajai is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Brazil. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Mirosternus sordidus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Nice Dancer (1969-1997) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Porthecla gemma is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Amazon Basin and the Guianas at altitudes between 100 and 1000 meters.The length of the forewings is 14.6 mm for males and 13.9 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round.
 The eastern brown snake (Pseudonaja textilis) often referred to as the common brown snake is a species of genus Pseudonaja. This snake is considered the world's second most venomous land snake based on its LD50 value (SC) in mice. It is native to Australia Papua New Guinea and Indonesia.
 Lycodryas is a genus of lamprophiid snake. Eight species are endemic to the island of Madagascar and two to the Comoros Islands. They are harmless to humans.
 Bathanalia straeleni is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.This species found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater lakes.
 Eupithecia pulgata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Heliura banoca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Desmaucha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Ornarantia immarginata is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1914. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Heterodera carotae is a plant pathogenic nematode commonly known as the carrot root nematode or carrot cyst nematode. It is found in Europe Cyprus and India and is considered an invasive species in the United States. It causes damage to carrot crops and is very specific in its choice of hosts only infecting Daucus carota and Daucus pulcherrima.
 The Yellow-spotted Sun Moth (Synemon leucospila) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia.
 Copelatus masculinus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1899.
 Tarsius is a genus of tarsiers small primates native to southeast Asia. Until recently all tarsier species were assigned to this genus but recently two species were split off into two other genera while other species were described. Genus Tarsius Dian's tarsier T. dentatus Lariang tarsier T. lariang Peleng tarsier T. pelengensis Sangihe tarsier T. sangirensis Spectral tarsier T. tarsier Siau Island tarsier T. tumpara Pygmy tarsier T. pumilus Wallace's tarsier T. wallacei T.
 †Partula turgida was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Ra'iātea French Polynesia. It died out in 1996 and is now extinct.P. turgida was being kept alive in captivity when the population suffered a crash caused by the microsporidian genus Steinhausia. This is the first definitive report of an extinction of a species caused by a parasite.
 Conus tacomae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Red-tailed Hawk (Buteo jamaicensis) is a bird of prey one of three species colloquially known in the United States as the chickenhawk though it rarely preys on standard sized chickens. It breeds throughout most of North America from western Alaska and northern Canada to as far south as Panama and the West Indies and is one of the most common buteos in North America. Red-tailed Hawks can acclimate to all the biomes within their range.
 The Merendon palm-pitviper (Bothriechis thalassinus) is a venomous pit viper species found in Guatemala and Honduras.
 Neoplynes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Ephippiorhynchus is a small genus of storks. It contains two living species only very large birds more than 140 cm tall with a 230–270 cm wingspan. Both are mainly black and white with huge colourful mainly red and black bills. The sexes of these species are similarly plumaged but differ in eye colour.
 The bay duiker (Cephalophus dorsalis) also known as the black-backed duiker is a forest-dwelling duiker found in Gabon southern Cameroon and northern Congo as well as Sierra Leone Liberia and the southern parts of Côte d'Ivoire Ghana and Benin. It may be a subspecies of Ogilby's duiker. Bay duikers stand around 50 cm (20 in) tall at the shoulder and weigh about 20 kg (44 lb).
 Splendrillia hedleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Dusky-brown Oriole (Oriolus phaeochromus) is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Phisalixella is a genus of lamprophiid snakes endemic to the island of Madagascar. They are harmless to humans.
 Eleutherodactylus tayrona is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Polyspilota aeruginosa common name Madagascan Marbled Mantis is a species of praying mantis native to Africa. Adult females reach 8 centimetres (3.1 in) in length while males are smaller.
 Homoeosoma phaulopa is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Turner in 1947. It is found in Australia.
 Mordellistena doherty is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by Maurice Pic.
 Orthotylus adenocarpi purgantis is a subspecies of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in Andorra and Spain.
 Eulima breviuscula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Eulepidotis anna is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana and Guyana.
 Mesoleuca is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Species include: Mesoleuca albicillata – Beautiful Carpet
 Ansonia albomaculata is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to the island of Borneo and can be found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vexillum australe is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Horatocera is a genus of beetles in the family Callirhipidae. It was described by Lewis in 1895.
 The longnose gar Lepisosteus osseus is a primitive ray-finned fish of the gar family. It is also known as the needlenose gar. L. osseus is found along the east coast of North and Central America in freshwater lakes and as far west as Kansas and Texas and southern New Mexico. The gar have been present in North America for about 100 million years.
 The ghost pipefishes (also called false pipefishes or tubemouth fishes) are a small family Solenostomidae in the order Syngnathiformes. The family consists of just a single genus Solenostomus with five currently recognized species. Ghostpipefishes are related to pipefishes and seahorses.
 Elachista eleochariella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from northern Europe and northern Russia to the Pyrenees and Alps and from Ireland to Romania. It is also found in North America.The wingspan is 7–8 millimetres (0.28–0.31 in).The larvae feed on Carex flacca Carex panicea Carex nigra Eleocharis palustris and Eriophorum angustifolium. The larvae form an upper-surface mine starting just under the tip of the leaf.
 Labeo erythropterus is fish in genus Labeo.
 Phasianella grata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.
 Pterygioteuthis microlampas is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae. They occur from northern New Zealand oceans to the Hawaiian Islands but they do not overlap with the species P. gemmata which lives in more southern waters. While there are numerous similarities between these two species they are separated by the smaller mature size of P. microlampas (maximum mantle length of 23 mm) and the fewer number of hooks on males.
 Sphingnotus is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Scrobipalpomima is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Ableptina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Ash Meadows pebblesnail (Pyrgulopsis erythropoma) is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss. The common name of this species is taken from the name of the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge in Nevada.
 Pelosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Coxen's Fig Parrot (Cyclopsitta diophthalma coxeni) also known as the Blue-browed Red-faced or Southern Fig Parrot or Lorilet is one of the smallest and least known Australian parrots. It is a highly endangered subspecies of the Double-eyed Fig Parrot. It was named by John Gould after his brother-in-law Charles Coxen.
 Glyphipterix acronoma is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1888. It is found in New Zealand.
 Canada Darner (Aeshna canadensis) is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is common throughout southern Canada and the northern United States.
 Megalomacha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Eugnosta umbraculata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Homo floresiensis (Flores Man; nicknamed hobbit and Flo) is an extinct species in the genus Homo. The remains of an individual that would have stood about 3.5 feet (1.1 m) in height were discovered in 2003 on the island of Flores in Indonesia. Partial skeletons of nine individuals have been recovered including one complete cranium (skull). These remains have been the subject of intense research to determine whether they represent a species distinct from modern humans.
 Steneofiber is an extinct genus of beavers from Eurasia. This small 30-cm-long (1-ft-long) creature probably lived in large freshwater lakes like present day beavers. A semiaquatic lifestyle is indicated by the presence of combing-claws which living beavers use to waterproof their fur. Most likely it was incapable of bringing down trees like its modern relatives. Steneofiber was more terrestrial than modern beavers living in burrows.
 Prosipho priestleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Mordella albosparsa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1870.
 Fusinus tuberosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Manaosbiidae are a family of neotropical harvestmen within the suborder Laniatores.
 Passer predomesticus is a fossil passerine bird in the sparrow family Passeridae. First described in 1962 it is known from two premaxillary (upper jaw) bones found in a middle Pleistocene layer of the Oumm-Qatafa cave in Palestine. The premaxillaries resemble those of the House and Spanish Sparrows but differ in having a deep groove instead of a crest on the lower side.
 Copelatus tomokunii is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Satô in 1985.
 Urophora volkovae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Neophaeus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Orthetrum poecilops is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in China and Hong Kong. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and intertidal flats. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Centropyge flavicauda is a Marine angelfish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8cm in length.
 The ribbonfish are any lampriform fishes in the family Trachipteridae. These pelagic fish are named for their slim ribbon-like appearance. They are rarely seen alive as they typically live in deep waters though are not bottom feeders.They are readily recognized by their anatomy — a long compressed tape-like body short head narrow mouth and feeble teeth.
 Paralopostega peleana is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is endemic to Oahu and possibly Kauai.The larvae feed on Melicope species including Melicope rotundifolia and Melicope sandwicensis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a thread-like mine with numerous longitudinal somewhat parallel loops nearly the length of the leaf and somewhat curved with the concavity towards the margin the enclosed area eventually becoming a large blotch.
 Palumbina guerinii is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in southern Europe from the Iberian Peninsula north to France east to Italy and Greece.It is considered a pest on pistachio trees.
 Jocara cristalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It was described by C. Felder R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in Brazil.
 Automolis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Catocala sultana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Tunisia Morocco and Algeria.Some authors consider it a subspecies (Catocala optata sultana) or even a form of Catocala optata.
 Ennomomima dichroma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1989. It is found in Ecuador.
 Crambus angulatus is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in North America including California.
 Jay Trump (1957–1988) was an American thoroughbred racehorse and one of only two horses to win both the Maryland Hunt Cup and the Grand National steeplechase races. Jay Trump won three Maryland Hunt Cups 1963 1964 1966. In 1965 he won the English Grand National.Jay Trump was born April 1 1957 and was the product of an unplanned breeding. His sire was Tonga Prince his dam Be Trump. They were paddock mates Be Trump was considered infertile.
 Bucculatrix cirrhographa is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Araneus pallidus is an orb-weaving spider found in Europe (Portugal Spain France) and in Algeria
 Eupithecia zombensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Drilolestes retowskii is a species of predatory air-breathing land slug. It is a shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Trigonochlamydidae.Drilolestes retowskii is the only species in the genus Drilolestes.The generic name Drilolestes contains the suffix -lestes that means robber.
 Pseudopyrausta acutangulalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is native to South America Central America and the Antilles. It has been introduced to Hawaii to control Lantana.The larvae feed on Lantana camara.
 Lunovula finleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pediculariidae one of the families of cowry allies.
 Betta falx is a species of gourami endemic to the island of Sumatra in Indonesia. It is an inhabitant of acidic nearly stagnant water where it can be found amongst the vegetation along the banks. This species grows to a length of 3.5 cm (1.4 in).
 Peniculimius is a grass moth genus (family Crambidae) of subfamily Crambinae; its relationships within the latter group remain obscure. Some authors have placed it in the snout moth family (Pyralidae) where all grass moths were once also included but this seems to be in error.
 Oecomys speciosus also known as the savannah oecomys arboreal rice rat or Venezuelan arboreal rice rat is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae. It ranges over northeastern Colombia and much of Venezuela including the island of Trinidad. This rodent lives in tropical rainforest and tropical dry forest including secondary forest and gallery forest as well as in savanna habitat.
 The Betsileo sportive lemur (Lepilemur betsileo) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar. It is a relatively large sportive lemur with a total length of about 58 to 27 centimeters of which 32 to 33 centimeters are tail. The Betsileo Sportive Lemur is found in eastern Madagascar living in primary and secondary rainforests .
 Sympistis nigrita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. The nominate subspecies is found in the Northern part of Europe.The wingspan is 22–25 mm(.8661-.9843in).The larvae feed on Dryas octopetala.
 Bathymyrus is a genus of eels in the family Congridae. It currently contains the following species: Bathymyrus echinorhynchus Alcock 1889 Bathymyrus simus J. L. B. Smith 1965 Bathymyrus smithi Castle 1968 (Maputo conger)
 Synanthedon iris is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 The Peloponnese slow worm (Anguis cephalonnica) is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family.It is endemic to Greece. Its natural habitats are temperate forests temperate shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation temperate grassland arable land pastureland plantations and rural gardens.
 Barysomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Barysomus argentinus Lutshnik 1934 Barysomus cayennensis Laporte de Castelnau 1832 Barysomus cephalotes Erichson 1848 Barysomus hoepfneri Dejean 1829 Barysomus metallicus Reiche 1843 Barysomus punctatostriatus Emden 1949↑
 Carodista is a genus of moth in the family Lecithoceridae.
 The Eastern Comma (Polygonia comma) is a North American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Nymphalinae.
 Larcophora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Anelasma is a monotypic genus of parasitic goose barnacles. It contains a single species Anelasma squalicola.
 Agrotis trifurca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Turkestan Siberia south-eastern Ukraine the Altai Mountains Tibet China Mongolia the Amur region and the Korean Peninsula. It is also found in the eastern Carpathian Mountains in Romania.
 Bellorchestia quoyana (formerly Talorchestia quoyana) is a species of sandhopper endemic to New Zealand. Its length is up to 14 millimetres (0.55 in). They help to keep the beaches clean by breaking down any organic material which is vital for plant succession. They are nocturnal and bury themselves up to 30 centimetres (12 in) during the day (the drier the sand the deeper they go).
 Pristanepa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista christenseni is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Greece.
 The Yellow-billed Turaco (Tauraco macrorhynchus) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 The Guinean pike conger (Cynoponticus ferox) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae (pike congers). It was described by Oronzio Gabriele Costa in 1846. It is a marine subtropical eel which is known from the eastern Atlantic Ocean including Gibraltar the western Mediterranean and Angola. It dwells at a depth range of 10 to 100 metres (33 to 328 ft); larger individuals are usually found from 75 to 100 metres (246 to 328 ft). It inhabits sand and mud substrates on the continental shelf.
 The Fungus-eating Ladybird (Illeis galbula) is a species of Coccinellidae. Adults are 4-5mm in size while the larvae are between 8 and 10mm. Adults are bright yellow with black markings larvae and pupa are white with black dots. During the day it is fast moving and readily flies or drops when disturbed. Adults feed on black mold and other fungi. The pupa are active and often stand on end. They are found in Australia and are a non-native species in New Zealand.
 Karwandania is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Tornier's frog (Litoria tornieri) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Australia.
 Phyllonorycter haasi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France Portugal and Spain.The larvae feed on Cytisus balansae.
 Aphera islacolonis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Stenosomides was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family; it is now considered a subgenus of Dichagyris.
 The Barabuna tree frog Litoria contrastens is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are swamps and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Asaphocrita fidei is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Problepsis sancta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are satin white with a gold patch edged with shiny silver on each wing.
 Disparithelphusa pecki is a species of freshwater crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae and the only species in the genus Disparithelphusa.The first specimens of D. pecki were collected by Stewart Peck in 1971 at an altitude of 600 metres (2000 ft) in the Valle Nacional Oaxaca Mexico (17°42′N 96°19′W).
 Spirotropis monterosatoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Mordella pretiosa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Maculonaclia petrusia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1967. It is found in Madagascar.
 Litoria wapogaensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The royal tetra Inpaichthys kerri is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Aripuanã River. It is also kept as an aquarium fish. It is the sole member of its genus.
 The Liodes Hairtail (Anthene liodes) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Sierra Leone to Kenya then to Malawi Zimbabwe and Angola. It is also found in South Africa where it rare and found from KwaZulu-Natal to Swaziland Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 21–25 mm for males and 21–27 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak in summer.The larvae feed on Mangifera (including Mangifera indica) Combretum Myrica and Allophyllus species
 Copelatus schereri is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Wewalka in 1981.
 The Florida box turtle (Terrapene carolina bauri) is a subspecies of turtle belonging to the family Emydidae.
 Spilosoma jordani is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Debauche in 1938. It is found in the Central African Republic.
 Caseolus subcalliferus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.This species is endemic to Portugal.
 Epimolis flavonotata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana the Amazon region and Venezuela.
 Hypsa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Asota.
 Betta livida is a species of gourami endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from the state of Selangor. It is an inhabitant of peat swamps; it grows to a length of 3.6 cm (1.4 in).
 The Zebra garden eel (Heteroconger polyzona) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Pieter Bleeker in 1868.
 Euphaedra irangi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Pseudechis guttatus (the blue-bellied black snake or spotted black snake) is a species of black snake that is only found in the inland areas of south-eastern Queensland and northern New South Wales. On average their measurement is 1.25 m but some snakes have been found to measure as long as 2 m. Their diet consists of frogs lizards and small mammals therefore making them carnivorous. They like most other snakes are oviparous laying 7–12 eggs during their breeding season.
 The long-tailed planigale (Planigale ingrami) also known as Ingram's planigale or the northern planigale is the smallest of all marsupials and one of the smallest of all mammals. It is rarely seen but a quite common inhabitant of the blacksoil plains clay-soiled woodlands and seasonally flooded grasslands of Australia's Top End.
 Protogoniomorpha temora the Blue Mother-of-Pearl or Eastern Blue Beauty is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo Angola the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania Kenya Sudan and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of dense forests and riverine thicket.The larvae feed on Paulowilhelmia sclerochiton Mimulopsis spatulata Sclerochiton paulowilhelmina Justicia Asystasia and Mellera species.
 Gravitcornutia bertioga is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo).The wingspan is 9 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish cream. The markings are yellow-brown with browner edges. The hindwings are pale brownish cream.
 Eulima mulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The greater earless lizard (Cophosaurus texanus) is a species of earless lizard endemic to the southwestern United States. It is called greater because it grows larger than the earless lizards of the genus Holbrookia to which it is closely related. While C. texanus is the only species within its genus it does have two subspecies.
 Eucereon cimonis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica Venezuela Ecuador and Peru.
 Copelatus galapagoensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by G. R. Waterhouse in 1845.
 Biston robustum is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. This is a large moth and is known in its native range as the giant geometer moth. It is related and generally similar to the famous and widespread Peppered Moth.The species is found in China (Shandong Shaanxi Shanghai Jiangsu Jiangxi) Taiwan Japan Russia North Korea South Korea and Vietnam.This species has recently gained attention due to the discovery of its use of chemical mimicry to avoid predation by ants.
 Himantura is a genus of stingray in the family Dasyatidae commonly known as the whiprays. They are distinguished from other stingrays by a long slender tail without tail folds. Himantura species are very morphologically diverse and the genus may be polyphyletic. Most species are found in the western Pacific and the Indian Ocean.
 Amechedia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1961 and contains the species Amechedia pagmanella. It is found in Iran.
 Gymnothorax pindae is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It was first named by Smith in 1962 and is commonly known as the Pinda moray.
 Laevilitorina kingensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Carabus melancholicus costatus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in France Portugal and Spain. They are brownish-black coloured.
 Calliotropis cycloeides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 The Acropomatidae also known as the lanternbellies or the temperate ocean-basses are a family of perciform fish consisting of 33 marine species. Members of Acropoma are notable for having light-emitting organs along their undersides. They are found in all temperate and tropical oceans usually at depths of several hundred meters.Members of the family are generally small with some ranging up to 40 cm but most no more than 15 cm.
 Gibeauxiella bellaqueifontis is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in France. It was described from the Fontainebleau forest.The wingspan is about 9 mm. It is known from only one specimen which was caught in May on Ganoderma applanatum.
 The Unicolored Tapaculo (Scytalopus unicolor) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is found in Peru. The Blackish Tapaculo S. latrans is now considered a separate species.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Leptogorgia is a genus of coral in the family Gorgoniidae containing the following species:Leptogorgia abietina Kükenthal 1919Leptogorgia acuta Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia aequatorialis Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia alba Duchassaing & Michelotti 1864Leptogorgia albipunctata Stiasny 1936Leptogorgia annobonensis Grasshoff 1992Leptogorgia arbuscula (Philippi 1866)Leptogorgia aureoflavescens Grasshoff 1988Leptogorgia barbadensis (Bayer 1961)Leptogorgia barnardi Stiasny 1940Leptogorgia bayeri Williams & Lindo 1997Leptogorgia cabofalsoi (Stiasny 1939)Leptogorgia californica Verrill 1868Leptogorgia capensis (Hickson 1900)Leptogorgia capverdensis (Grasshoff 1986)Leptogorgia cardinalis (Bayer 1961)Leptogorgia caryi Verrill 1868Leptogorgia cauliculus (Valenciennes 1855)Leptogorgia chilensis Verrill 1868Leptogorgia christiae Guzman & Breedy 2008Leptogorgia clavata (Horn 1860)Leptogorgia cofrini Breedy & Guzman 2005Leptogorgia contorta Kükenthal 1919Leptogorgia crista (Möbius 1861)Leptogorgia cuspidata Verrill 1865Leptogorgia dakarensis Stiasny 1939Leptogorgia dichotoma Verrill 1870Leptogorgia diffusa (Verrill 1868)Leptogorgia dioxys Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia divergens Studer 1878Leptogorgia dubia Kükenthal 1924Leptogorgia esperi Verrill 1869Leptogorgia euryale (Bayer 1952)Leptogorgia exigua Verrill 1870Leptogorgia fasciculata Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia festiva Duchassaing & Michelotti 1860Leptogorgia flammea Ellis & (Solander 1786)Leptogorgia flexilis Verrill 1868Leptogorgia florae (Verrill 1868)Leptogorgia floridana Verrill 1869Leptogorgia fruticosa Hickson 1928Leptogorgia fuscopunctata (Koch 1886)Leptogorgia gaini (Stiasny 1940)Leptogorgia gilchristi (Hickson 1904)Leptogorgia gruveli (Stiasny 1936)Leptogorgia hebes Verrill 1869Leptogorgia ignita Breedy & Guzman 2008Leptogorgia labiata Verrill 1870Leptogorgia laxa hickson 1928Leptogorgia longiramosa Kükenthal 1924Leptogorgia lütkeni Wright & (Studer 1889)Leptogorgia maghrebensis (Stiasny 1936)Leptogorgia medusa (Bayer 1952)Leptogorgia miniata Milne Edwards & (Haime 1857)Leptogorgia obscura Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia occidafricana (Stiasny 1936)Leptogorgia palma (Pallas 1766)Leptogorgia panamensis Duchassaing & (Michelotti 1860)Leptogorgia parva Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia peruana Verrill 1868Leptogorgia peruviana (Verrill 1868)Leptogorgia piccola Grasshoff 1988Leptogorgia pinnata (Linnaeus 1758)Leptogorgia porosissima Milne Edwards 1857Leptogorgia principensis Grasshoff 1992Leptogorgia pseudogracilis Castro Medeiros & Loiola 2010Leptogorgia pulcherrima Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia pumicea (Valenciennes 1855)Leptogorgia pumila (Verrill 1868)Leptogorgia puniacea Milne Edwards & (Haime 1857)Leptogorgia punicea Milne Edwards & (Haime 1857)Leptogorgia purpurea (Pallas 1767)Leptogorgia purpureomaculata Stiasny 1936Leptogorgia purpureoviolacea (Stiasny 1936)Leptogorgia pusilla Kükenthal 1919Leptogorgia radula (Möbius 1861)Leptogorgia ramulus (Valenciennes 1855)Leptogorgia rathbunnii (Verrill 1912)Leptogorgia regis Hickson 1928Leptogorgia rigida Verrill 1864Leptogorgia riodouri Stiasny 1937Leptogorgia rosea (Lamarck 1815)Leptogorgia ruberrima (Koch 1886)Leptogorgia rubra Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia rubroflavescens Stiasny 1939Leptogorgia rubropurpurea (Pallas 1766)Leptogorgia saharensis Stiasny 1939Leptogorgia sanguinea (Lamarck 1815)Leptogorgia sarmentosa (Esper 1789)Leptogorgia senegalensis Stiasny 1939Leptogorgia setacea (Pallas 1766)Leptogorgia stheno (Bayer 1952)Leptogorgia styx Bayer 2000Leptogorgia sulfurea Bielschowsky 1918Leptogorgia sylvanae Stiasny 1940Leptogorgia tenuis Verrill 1863Leptogorgia tenuissima Kükenthal 1919Leptogorgia toboguilla Hickson 1928Leptogorgia varians (Koch 1886)Leptogorgia viminalis (Pallas 1766)Leptogorgia violacea (Pallas 1766)Leptogorgia violetta Grasshoff 1988Leptogorgia virgea (Valenciennes 1855)Leptogorgia virgulata (Lamarck 1815)Leptogorgia webbiana (Valenciennes 1855)Leptogorgia petechizans (Pallas 1766) (nomen dubium)↑
 Paramulona schwarzi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Cuba.
 Zigera was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Diomea.
 Gnorismoneura cylindrata is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China.The wingspan is 12-13.5 mm for males and 15–18 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is yellowish brown with dark brown patterns. The hindwings are dark grey.
 Euceratobunus pulcher is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Trilocha varians is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is widespread in the Oriental Region extending to Taiwan the Philippines Sulawesi and Java.The wingspan is 25–27 mm.The larvae feed on Streblus and Ficus species. Young larvae are grey with large subdorsal black spots and a short fleshy curved horn. Mature larvae are dull brown. Pupation takes place in a boat-shaped cocoon closely woven with white or yellow rather-papery silk. The pupa is pale yellow.
 Micrurapteryx bidentata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Kyrgyzstan.
 Parirazona sobrina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Paraconalia is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Paraconalia brasiliensis Ermisch 1968Paraconalia rufopygidialis Ermisch 1968↑
 Ngairea is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Poanes aaroni the Saffron Skipper is a North American butterfly from the skipper family (Hesperiidae) which occurs in salt marshes along the Atlantic coast.The upper side of the wings are vivid orange with broad black borders. The underside of the hindwing is a paler orange with a pallid stripe in the center.The larva feeds exclusively on Smooth Cordgrass (Spartina alterniflora).Four subspecies are recognized: P. a. aaroni Skinner 1890 – Aaron's Skipper P. a.
 Lypha dubia is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Pseudomasaris is a genus of pollen wasps of the family Vespidae found in North America. They feed on pollen and are colored black with yellow markings that mimic the coloration of yellowjacket wasps.
 Nemacheilus elegantissimus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Tachina subpilosa is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to France.
 Ethmia decaryanum is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 The red whip snake or collared dwarf racer (Platyceps collaris) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
 Harpagocnema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tettigidea is a genus of insect in family Tetrigidae. It contains the following species: Tettigidea empedonepia
 Albanites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Ceratitida that lived during the Early Triassic. The shell of Albanites is more or less involute smooth or faintly ribbed. Sides are flattened; the venter which is the outer rim is broadly rounded. Sutures are ceratitic with jagged lobes and rounded saddles.Albanites is included in the Meekoceratidae although Arkell et al. (1957) included it in the Noritidae in the Treatise Part L 1957.
 Mallagnostus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the upper Lower Cambrian with remains found in USA (New York) Canada (Newfoundland) Spain England Russia (Tuva Gorno-Altayskaya) Mongolia and the lower Middle Cambrian according to fossils from China (Tian Shan) and Russia (Yakutia).
 Elachista cylistica is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Mackenziurus deedeei is a species of trilobite named after American musician Dee Dee Ramone. M. johnnyi M. joeyi M. ceejayi were similarly named after members of the Ramones.
 Paphies is a genus of large edible saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs in the family Mesodesmatidae. This genus is endemic to New Zealand. The species within this genus include the pipi tuatua and toheroa.
 Mordellistena multicolorata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1990.
 The White Speck Ringlet (Erebia claudina) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae. It is a high altitude butterfly found only in the Austrian Alps.The wingspan is 26–32 mm.The larvae feed on Nardus stricta Deschampsia cespitosa and Poa trivalis.
 †Partula protracta was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Ra'iātea French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Thracides cilissa is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Pará).
 Cheiracanthus (hand spine) is an extinct genus of a group of fish called Acanthodii (or spiny sharks). It was a deep-bodied acanthodian about 12 in. (30 cm) in length. It had a blunt head upturned tail and fins protected by spines. Unlike many other acanthodians it had one solitary dorsal fin. Cheiracanthus swam at mid-depth in lakes and rivers seizing small prey in its gaping jaws.
 The bartail flathead (Platycephalus indicus) also called Bar-Tailed Flathead Bartail Blenny Gobi Indian Flathead or Indo-Pacific Flathead is the type species for the Platycephalus genus of fish.
 Crocomela is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Drepanodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Amaurobius erberi is a spider belonging to the family Amaurobiidae. It is found in Andorra Austria France Greece Italy Malta Portugal Romania Spain and the Canary Islands.A. erberi is very similar to A. similis and A. fenestralis in general appearance. The epigyne is separated from that of A. fenestralis by the outlines of the spermathecaa which extend well ahead of the anterior margin. The male palps are similar to that of A. similus but from above the thin apophysis is longer.
 Eupithecia caburgua is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of Santiago (Santiago Province) Araucania (Cautin Province) and Los Lagos (Osorno Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Central Valley Northern Valdivian Forest and the Valdivian Forest biotic provinces.The length of the forewings is about 8.5–9 mm for females.
 Homonotus is a genus of spider hunting wasps with an old world distribution mainly in Africa.Species in the genus includeHomonotus aegyptiacus Turner 1917Homonotus coxalis Dahlbom 1843Homonotus disparilis Turner 1917Homonotus dispersus Dahlbom 1843Homonotus dissectus Dahlbom 1843Homonotus formosanus Yasumatsu 1933Homonotus fuscipes Dahlbom 1843Homonotus imitans Dahlbom 1843Homonotus iwatai Yasumatsu 1932Homonotus leptogaster Dahlbom 1843Homonotus okinawanus Tsuneki 1990Homonotus ruficornis Cameron 1905Homonotus rukwaensis Arnold 1946Homonotus sanguinolentus (Fabricius 1793)Homonotus sansibaricus Dahlbom 1843Homonotus semiflavus Priesner 1955Homonotus tagalicus Banks 1934Homonotus taiwanus Tsuneki 1990↑
 Sphaerotheriida (from the Latin sphaerium = ball) is an order of millipedes in the infraclass Pentazonia sometimes known as giant pill millipedes. They inhabit southern Africa Madagascar South and Southeast Asia Australia and New Zealand. Like the Northern Hemisphere pill millipedes of the order Glomerida these millipedes can roll into a ball when disturbed.
 The Maya Mountains frog (Lithobates juliani) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Belize and possibly Guatemala. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna and rivers. This anuran is endemic to the Belizean pine forests ecoregion.
 Eutrechopsis ovalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Eutrechopsis.
 Eusmilus ('true sabre') is a prehistoric genus of the family Nimravidae subfamily Hoplophoninae endemic to North America Europeand Asia during the Late Eocene-Early Oligocene epochs (37.2—28.4 mya) existing for approximately 8.8 million years.
 Orthocomotis grandisocia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province Sucumbios Province).
 Triplophysa xichangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Pall Mall (1955–1978) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1958. Owned and bred by Queen Elizabeth II Pall Mall was one of the leading British two-year-olds of 1957 when he won the New Stakes at Royal Ascot and was placed in three other important races. In the following spring he performed moderately in two trial races before creating a 20/1 upset by winning the 2000 Guineas.
 Pinara divisa is a species of moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in the south-east quarter of Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 Mestolobes mesacma is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Molokai Maui and Hawaii.
 Emariannia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Quiz (1798–1826) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1801. Quiz was a durable top-class performer winning at least once a year in racing career which lasted seven seasons from August 1801 until April 1807.
 Jorrocks also known as The Iron Gelding was a hardy celebrated Australian-bred Anglo-Arabian racehorse that won 30 of his 31 starts in 1846 carrying no less than 9 stone (57 kg) over the usual distances of two (3200 metres) or three miles (4800 m). Jorrocks was leading stake winner in New South Wales eight times.
 Nebos (30 March 1976 – 26 June 1999) was a German Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was one of the best horses of his generation in Germany at the age of two winning three races including the Zukunfts Rennen. In the following year he won the Dr. Busch-Memorial Union-Rennen Grosser Preis von Berlin and Preis von Europa as well as finishing second to Königsstuhl in both the Deutsches Derby and the Aral-Pokal.
 Coleophora lenae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia.The larvae feed on Achillea coarctata. They create a greyish brown hairy and very variable lobe case of 9-11 mm. The mouth angle is 35-45°. Larvae can be found in early May.
 Sloane's viperfish Chauliodus sloani is a dragonfish of the genus Chauliodus found in all tropical and subtropical oceans at depths down to 2500 m. Their length is between 20 and 35 cm.As a species Sloane's viperfish holds the world record for largest teeth relative to head size in a fish. It has teeth so large it must open its mouth to make the jaws vertical before it can swallow prey. When the mouth is closed the teeth overlap the jaws.
 Netechma caesiata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The wingspan is 10-12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is buff the basal two-fifths clouded with clay. The hindwings are ocherous white basally followed by a greyish fuscous band. The subterminal and apical areas are light tawny.
 The Japanese marten (Martes melampus) is a mammal in the marten genus most closely related to the sable. It is half a meter (1½ feet) in length on average not counting a 20-centimeter-long tail (7.9 in) and between 1000 and 1500 grams (2.2 and 3.3 lb) in weight. Males are generally larger than females. The pelage varies in color from dark brown to dull yellow with a cream-colored throat.
 Harutaeographa pinkisherpani is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal (Ganesh Himal Haku).
 Ectoedemia terebinthivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Greece (Ionian and Aegean Islands) and Turkey (Anatolia).The wingspan is 4.1-5.2 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July and from May to June. There are probably two generations per year.The larvae feed on Pistacia terebinthus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a strongly contorted gallery with a narrow line of brown frass.
 Fusus steneus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eviridemas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leptostylus jolyi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Hoffmann in 1981.
 Polynesia curtitibia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas Thailand and on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland and upper montane forests.Adults have primrose-yellow wings marked with punctate red fasciae.
 Turbonilla rubioi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The blackfin scad Alepes melanoptera (also known as the shortfinned trevally and Chinese trevally) is a species of tropical marine fish of the jack family Carangidae. The species inhabits inshore waters throughout the Indo-Pacific region although is rare in the western Indian Ocean. It is not a large species with the largest reported capture being 25 cm and it is distinguished readily from similar species by the prominent black dorsal fin.
 The Daubenton's Free-tailed Bat (Myopterus daubentonii) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast and Senegal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acanthalburnus is a small genus of cyprinid fish found in Western Asia extending into Russia. There are currently two recognized species in this genus.
 Cuproxena triphera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama.
 A kelpfish is a member of the genus Chironemus of perciform fishes in the family Chironemidae native to coastal Australia and New Zealand.
 Diagramma is a genus of grunts native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.The currently recognized species in this genus are: Diagramma centurio G. Cuvier 1830 (sailfin rubberlip) Diagramma labiosum W. J. Macleay 1883 Diagramma melanacrum J. W. Johnson & J. E. Randall 2001 (blackfin slatey) Diagramma pictum (Thunberg 1792) (painted sweetlips) Diagramma punctatum G. Cuvier 1830↑ 1.0 1.1
 Argyresthia pygmaeella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Europe Northern Asia and North America.The wingspan is 10–13 mm. The moth flies in June. .The larvae feed on Salix caprea and Salix cinerea.
 Cyclophora costinotata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The fringed-lipped peninsula carp (Labeo fimbriatus) is a cyprinid fish in genus Labeo. It is listed in the global IUCN Red List of threatened species.
 Hypermastus Williamsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Hirtomurex marshalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Mojave Sootywing Mohave Sootywing Great Basin Sootywing or Lena Sooty Wing (Hesperopsis libya) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from eastern Oregon east to Montana and south to southern California Arizona Baja California and north-western Mexico.The wingspan is 22-32 mm. The upperside is dark brown with two rows of small white spots on the forewings. The underside of the hindwings is light to dark brown with a pale grey overlay and some white spots.
 Coenotes eremophilae is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland Western Australia and the Northern Territory.The wingspan is about 50 mm.
 Euphaedra jolyana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the north-western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Eupithecia longibasalis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Laevilitorina umbilicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Epicrocis spiculata is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Joculator priorai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Agylla umbrifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Colombia Venezuela and Bolivia.
 Heterotrissocladius is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 Histioea falerina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1907. It is found in Peru.
 Vandeleuria is a small genus of rodent from Asia with only three species. Also known as the long-tailed climbing mice.
 Honora subsciurella is a species of snout moths in the genus Honora. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in North America including Colorado and California.
 The Sulawesi Free-tailed Bat (Mops sarasinorum) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Indonesia and the Philippines.
 The Freckled Duck (Stictonetta naevosa) is a moderately large broad-bodied duck native to southern Australia. The duck is protected by law. Dark in colour with fine off-white speckles all over it is most easily identified by its large head with a peaked (as opposed to rounded) crown.This species was formerly allied with the dabbling ducks but is now placed in a monotypic subfamily Stictonettinae.
 Tipulodes rubriceps is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912. It is found in Colombia.
 Phragmataecia innotata is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. The moth is found in China Vietnam Laos and Thailand.
 Meckelia griseicolle is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Meckelia of the family Tephritidae.
 Coleophora chalcogrammella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Sweden and northern Russia to the Pyrenees and the Alps and from Great Britain to Romania.The wingspan is 8–10 mm.The larvae feed on Arenaria serpyllifolia Cerastium arvense Moehringia trinervia Stellaria graminea and Stellaria holostea. In autumn the larvae make a short corridor which widens into a small blotch out of which the first case is cut. After hibernation the final case is made.
 The Mahathala ameria is a species of blue butterfly Falcate Oakblue of the family Lycaenidae found in South East Asia.
 Divarilima is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Limidae the file shells or file clams.
 Zenoites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Xanthichthys mento is a Triggerfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 29 cm in length.
 Periarchiclops is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Diaphanopterodea or Paramegasecoptera are an extinct order of moderate to large-sized Palaeozoic insects. They are first known from the Middle Carboniferous (late Serpukhovian or early Bashkirian in age) and include some of the earliest known flying insects.
 Cautethia noctuiformis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae which is known from the Caribbean. It was described by Walker in 1856.The wingspan is 28-40 mm. Adults nectar at flowers. The larvae feed on Chiococca alba in Puerto Rico and Exostema species in Cuba.
 Prochoreutis hadrogastra is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in Japan and the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Leucosceptrum stellipilum.
 The Purple-throated Cuckooshrike (Campephaga quiscalina) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Mali Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Macrosoma bahiata is moth-like butterfly described by Rudolf Felder and Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer in 1875. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 Gephyrocharax is a genus of characins found in Central and South America with 13 currently recognized species: Gephyrocharax atracaudatus (Meek & Hildebrand 1912) Gephyrocharax caucanus C. H. Eigenmann 1912 Gephyrocharax chaparae Fowler 1940 Gephyrocharax chocoensis C. H. Eigenmann 1912 Gephyrocharax intermedius Meek & Hildebrand 1916 Gephyrocharax major G. S. Myers 1929 Gephyrocharax martae Dahl 1943 Gephyrocharax melanocheir C. H.
 The Philippine warty pig Sus philippensis is one of four known pig species endemic to the Philippines. The other three endemic species are the Visayan warty pig (S. cebifrons) Mindoro warty pig (S. oliveri) and the Palawan bearded pig (S. ahoenobarbus) also being rare members of the Suidae family. Philippine warty pigs have two pairs of warts with a tuft of hair extending outwards from the warts closest to the jaw.
 Paraplatyptilia hedemanni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorye) Mongolia and central Asia.
 Daphne's Opal (Chrysoritis daphne) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found on the southern slopes of the Kammanassie Mountains in the West Cape.The wingspan is 25-29 mm for males and 29-31 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February. There is one extended generation per year.The larvae feed on Thesium species. They are attended to by Crematogaster liengmei ants.
 Rakwool was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who carried 73 kg (11 st 7 lbs) to win the Grand National Steeplechase at Flemington by 20 lengths in 1931. He cleared the fences beautifully that day to the relief and surprise of his backers because Rakwool was possibly the most erratic reckless bone-jarring performer that Victorian racing has seen. His racing career was ended by injury at the age of six.
 Ditrachyptera is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and is known from D. verruciferella. It is found in South Africa Gambia and the United Arab Emirates.
 Gunda subnotata is a species of moth in the family Bombycidae. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found in Singapore and on Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and Palawan. The habitat consists of both montane and lowland areas.
 Tephritidae is one of two fly families referred to as fruit flies the other family being Drosophilidae. Tephritidae does not include the biological model organisms of the genus Drosophila (in the family Drosophilidae) which is often called the common fruit fly. There are nearly 5000 described species of tephritid fruit fly categorized in almost 500 genera Tephritidae. Description recategorization and genetic analysis are constantly changing the taxonomy of this family.
 Ailsacrinus is an extinct genus of crinoid from the Middle Jurassic of Europe.
 Lintneria praelongus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Honduras and Guatemala.It is similar to Lintneria istar but more greyish white and the forewings are more elongate.The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as Salvia Mentha Monarda and Hyptis) Hydrophylloideae (such as Wigandia) and Verbenaceae species (such as Verbena and Lantana).
 Megalomphalus is a genus of very small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Vanikoridae.
 Sagda is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Sagdidae.
 Benimakia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Thomas's Pygmy Mouse (Mus sorella) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Kenya Rwanda Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and dry savanna.
 Haematopota crassicornis the Black-horned Cleg is a species in the horse-fly family Tabanidae.
 Thitarodes dongyuensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Liang in 1992 and is known from China.
 Horologion fallax is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Horologion.
 Lepidomys bilinealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidomys. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Gibbovalva magnoliae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō and Honshū).The wingspan is 6.8-9.2 mm.The larvae feed on Magnolia heptapetala Magnolia hypoleuca and Magnolia obovata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The genus Eumeces skinks (family Scincidae) comprises four African to Middle-Eastern species.
 Trigonoscuta yorbalindae was a species of beetle in family Curculionidae. It was endemic to the United States.
 Chlorophorus is a genus of round-necked longhorns belonging to the family Cerambycidae subfamily Cerambycinae.
 Campephilus is a genus of large American woodpeckers in the family Picidae. This genus was created by George Robert Gray who suggested taking Campephilus principalis as the type for the genus. The name Campephilus means lover of grubs - an allusion to the diet of these birds many of which feed on the larvae of wood-boring beetles.
 Pyrgospira tampaensis is a species from sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Synthetoceratinae is a subfamily of Protoceratidae (deer-like) herbivorous mammals belonging to the order Artiodactyla endemic to North America during the Miocene epoch living 23.03—3.9 Ma existing for approximately 19.13 million years.
 Phrynobatrachus inexpectatus is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is endemic to Ethiopia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paropta l-nigrum is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found on Cyprus.The wingspan is 36-39 mm. The forewings are ashen grey. The hindwings are uniform brownish grey.
 Hyaenodontidae (Hyena teeth) is a family of the extinct order Creodonta which contains several dozen genera.The Hyaenodontids were important mammalian predators that arose during the late Paleocene and persisted well into the Miocene. They were considerably more widespread and successful than the related oxyaenids.
 Calotrophon carnicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The narrowmouthed catshark Schroederichthys bivius is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found from central Chile around the Straits of Magellan to Argentina between latitudes 23° S and 56° S at depths of between 15 and 80 metres. Its length is up to 70 centimetres.Reproduction is oviparous.
 The ocellated forest tree frog Leptopelis ocellatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Cameroon the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon and possibly Angola and the Central African Republic.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Williamson's Darner (Aeshna williamsoniana) is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Mexico Panama and possibly Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plesioperleidus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 The Banded Ground Cuckoo (Neomorphus radiolosus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is found in the Chocó of western Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhopalidae or scentless plant bugs are a family of true bugs. In older literature the family is sometimes called Corizidae. They differ from the related coreids in lacking well-developed scent glands. They are usually light-colored and smaller than the coreids. Some are very similar to the orsilline lygaeids but can be distinguished by the numerous veins in the membrane of the hemelytra. They live principally on weeds but a few (including the box elder bug) are arboreal.
 The Rufous-throated Wren-Babbler (Spelaeornis caudatus) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family. It is found in Bhutan India and Nepal.Its natural habitat is the Eastern Himalayan broadleaf forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Tolidopalpus bimaculatus is a beetle in the Tolidopalpus genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1997 by Shiyake.
 Liophis reginae commonly known as the high woods coral is a species of colubrid snake endemic to northern South America.
 Stigmella guittonae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from Argentina.The larvae feed on Senecio bonariensis and Jussiaea longifolia. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Rougeotiella is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bondia crescentella the Crescent-marked Bondia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1882. It is found in North America where it has been recorded in southern Canada from British Columbia to Nova Scotia. In the United States it is found from Minnesota south to Arkansas and east to Virginia.The wingspan is 11-20 mm.
 Promalactis uncinispinea is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in China (Sichuan).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The basal 3/5 of the forewings is ochreous brown and the distal 2/5 is ochreous yellow. The markings are silvery white or white edged with dense blackscales. The hindwings and cilia are dark grey.
 Pseudoarcte is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Blanc's sand racer (Psammodromus blanci ) is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to North Africa.
 Osteobrama feae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Osteobrama.
 Admete viridula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Phyllonorycter kautziella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Spain.
 Livonia mammilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Otites formosa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Ulidiidae.
 The White-eared Conebill (Conirostrum leucogenys) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Colombia Panama and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Axia nesiota is a species of moth of the Cimeliidae family. It is found on Crete and in mainland Greece.The larvae feed on Euphorbia species.
 Idiotropiscis is a genus of pygmy pipehorse endemic to Australia. They are commonly called pygmy pipehorses due to their small size.
 Radotina is an extinct genus of placoderm from the early Devonian of Europe.
 Rhabdophaga rosaria is a gall midge which forms Camellia galls or terminal rosette gall on willow species.
 Gymnoscelis transapicalis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo.The wings are fawn with light regular fasciation. The postmedial lines are strongly angled.
 Mordella griseopubens is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1923.
 Xenorma ravida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in western Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 13-16 mm for males and 14.5-16.5 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is chocolate brown and the ground color of the hindwings is brown with a wide band of dark chocolate brown along the outer margin.
 Anthene nigeriae the False Hairtail or Nigerian Cilaite Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gambia Sierra Leone Burkina Faso Guinea Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kabinda Maniema and Lualaba) southern Sudan Uganda western Kenya western Tanzania Malawi Zambia (the Copperbelt and eastwards) and eastern Zimbabwe.
 Oxymerus luteus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Voet in 1778.
 The Palila (Loxioides bailleui) is a critically endangered finch-billed species of Hawaiian honeycreeper. It has a golden-yellow head and breast with a light belly gray back and greenish wings and tail. The bird has a close ecological relationship with the māmane tree (Sophora chrysophylla) and became endangered due to destruction of the trees and accompanying dry forests.
 Platysilurus is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America.
 Speocarcinus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing six extant species and one fossil species from the Late Miocene:Speocarcinus carolinensis Stimpson 1859Speocarcinus granulimanus Rathbun 1894Speocarcinus lobatus Guinot 1969Speocarcinus meloi D'Incao & Gomes da Silva 1992Speocarcinus monotuberculatus Falder & Rabalais 1986Speocarcinus spinicarpus Guinot 1969† Speocarcinus berglundi Tucker et al. 1994↑ ↑ ↑
 Ramphotyphlops bituberculatus is a species of snake also known as Peters's Blind Snake which is in the Typhlopidae family.
 Lissoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Eiders (pronounced /ˈaɪ.dər/) are large seaducks in the genus Somateria. Steller's Eider Polysticta stelleri is in a different genus despite its name.The three extant species all breed in the cooler latitudes of the Northern hemisphere.The down feathers of eider ducks and some other ducks and geese are used to fill pillows and quilts—they have given the name to the type of quilt known as an eiderdown.
 Oriodryas is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Elaphrus aureus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by P.W.J. Muller in 1821.
 Dactyloplusia impulsa is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Sri Lanka India Southern China Sundaland Sulawesi New Guinea and Australia.
 Helpaphorus boby is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Porthmeia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Buccochromis spectabilis is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Laternula elliptica is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Laternulidae the lantern shells. It is the largest bivalve found under the surface of the seabed in the Southern Ocean.
 Lamoria infumatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It is found in India.
 Oiozona is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Deoterthridae is a family of crustaceans in the subclass Tantulocarida classified under the class Maxillopoda.
 The White-browed Robin (Poecilodryas superciliosa) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae. It is endemic to north-eastern Australia. Its natural habitats are forest woodland and scrub often near water. It formerly included the Buff-sided Robin as a subspecies.The White-browed Robin was described by the naturalist John Gould in 1847; the genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek words poikilos little and dryas dryad.
 Pseudotaranis hyperia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Anisopodus punctipennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Monné & Martins in 1974.
 Eudonia speideli is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Crete and in Turkey.
 Peter's Trumpet-Eared Bat (Phoniscus jagorii) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: Indonesia Laos Malaysia and Philippines. It was named by Peters for Fedor Jagor.
 Dysomma opisthoproctus is an eel in the family Synaphobranchidae (cutthroat eels). It was described by Chen Yu-Yun and Michael Hin-Kiu Mok in 1995. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known only from northeastern Taiwan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a maximum depth of 200 metres. Males are known to reach a total length of 42.1 centimetres.The species epithet opisthoproctus refers to the posterior position of the anus on the eel.
 Naumann's Thrush (Turdus naumanni) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae which breeds eastwards from central Siberia. It is closely related to the more northerly breeding Dusky Thrush T. eunomus; the two have often been regarded as conspecific.This species breeds in open woodland areas; Dusky Thrush as would be expected is more tolerant of mountainous and tundra-edge habitats.
 Dindica para is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India Malaysia and China.
 Mordella fuscocinerea is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1907.
 Waagenina is an extinct genus of ammonite.
 The Asian Glossy Starling (Aplonis panayensis) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Brunei India Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. There is also a huge number of this species inhabiting towns and cities where they take refuge in abandoned buildings and trees.
 Laubierinidae is a family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.
 Tumidifrontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Poecilosoma mapirense is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1915.
 Turbonilla pericuana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Metaplatybunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Conella ovuloides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Zholsuchus is a genus of crocodyliform that may have been a goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian but is only known from scanty material (a right premaxilla one of the bones of the tip of the snout). This specimen was found in the Coniacian-age Upper Cretaceous Bissekty Formation of Dzharakhuduk Uzbekistan. Zholsuchus was described in 1989 by Lev Nesov and colleagues. The type species is Z. procevus. A 2000 review by Glenn Storrs and Mikhail Efimov designated Zholsuchus a dubious name.
 Corixidae is a family of aquatic insects in the order Hemiptera that inhabit ponds and slow moving streams where they swim near the bottom. There are about 500 known species worldwide in 33 genera including the genus Sigara.Members of the Corixidae are known in the United States as water boatmen a term that is sometimes used in the United Kingdom for Notonecta glauca a bug of a different family Notonectidae and Corixa punctata is the lesser water boatman.
 Discodoris mauritiana is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Notolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Paracataclysta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Galeolaria hystrix is a serpulid worm of the family Serpulidae endemic to southern Australia and New Zealand.
 Nebulosa nasor is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found along the western slope of the Colombian Andes.The length of the forewings is 17-18.5 mm for males and 20 mm for females.
 Luciocephalus pulcher the Pikehead is a species of gourami native to the Malaya Peninsula Sumatra and Borneo. It inhabits flooded forests streams and peat swamps living in areas with plentiful vegetation. It is a predator and lurks for its prey among plants near the water's surface. As the prey is swallowed the jaw extends to about one-third of the head length. the extended jaw is folded back into place. It is a mouthbrooder.
 Phyllonorycter enchalcoa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tasmania.The larvae feed on Plagianthus sidoides. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Probainognathidae is an extinct family of meat-eating mammal-like reptiles (Therapsids) which lived during the Upper Triassic. According to some authors it has perhaps two known members: Probainognathus from South America and the somewhat later Lepagia from Europe. The family was established by Romer in 1973. Its members were closely related to the even more exotically named Chiniquodontidae.Both genera were small animals.
 Neophaedusa is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 Aptinoma antongil is a species of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. Distribution is limited to forests around Antongil Bay Madagascar. Like A. mangabe this species is arboreal. However it may not nest in dead twigs as does A. mangabe. Collections suggest that the species nests under canopy litter and moss.
 Eicochrysops sanyere is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Cameroon.
 Bogia labronica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetellidae.
 Pingasa lahayei is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Spain North Africa and tropical Africa including Gambia.The larvae feed on Rhus tripartita and Zizyphus lotus.
 Baschkirites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Goniatitida that lived during the Early Carboniferous (Late Mississippian) for about 4 million years from about 317 to 313 Ma.
 Paranyssicus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Paranyssicus conspicillatus (Erichson 1847) Paranyssicus tresorensis Dalens 2011↑
 The Chestnut Weaver (Ploceus rubiginosus) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Namibia Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.
 Andraca trilochoides is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in south-east Asia including India Burma and Vietnam.
 The Octopus sasakii is found only in salt water and is able to change its color. He moves forward by water in his cloak and pumps it through the siphon vigorously squeezing. The octopus is a carnivore and its diet consists mainly of fish crabs lobsters and molluscs catching them with the suction cups on their tentacles. It is parasitized by Dicyema shimantoense which infects its renal appendages.
 Percocypris is a genus of cyprinid fishes found in eastern Asia. There are currently three described species in this genus.
 The Clea's triplefin (Enneapterygius clea) is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius described by German ichthyologist Ronald Fricke in 1997. It is endemic to Queensland Australia.
 The Triporthidae are a family of characiform fishes. This family was raised from the status of a subfamily to family based on extensive analysis of characiform species.
 The Purplish Jay (Cyanocorax cyanomelas) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay Peru and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Preneopogon is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Collared Treepie Black-faced Treepie or Black-browed Treepie (Dendrocitta frontalis) is an Asian treepie a small perching bird of the Corvidae (crow) family.This bird is slightly smaller than a Blue Jay and has the typical compact body and long tail of this group. The forehead face and bib are black with the chest neck and shoulders a light silvery or bluish-grey in colour. The back is a warm chestnut brown with similar underparts.
 Eupithecia albistillata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Trogoxylon is a genus of beetles present in the Palearctic (including Europe) the Near East the Nearctic the Neotropics and North Africa.
 Goniobranchus tumuliferus is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Agyrta pulchriformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Venezuela.
 Colla is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 Barbus pagenstecheri is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Tanzania.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Tarachodes maculisternum is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Brusa is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Rhynchopyga xanthozona is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915. It is found in Bolivia.
 Agapanthia irrorata is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in North Africa Southern Europe (including Portugal and Spain). The species is of black colour with yellow dots. It reaches a length of 13–23 millimetres (0.51–0.91 in). Their flight is from April to June. They are polyphagous and feed on various herbaceous plants including Carduus Daucus Ferula Onopordum and Salvia species.
 Carriola ecnomoda is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found south-eastern Asia Sundaland and the Philippines.The larvae have been reared on Durio species.
 Trophon nucelliformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cochranella susatamai is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Epionitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Mylothris ducarmei is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Antiblemma phaedra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Agdistis satanas is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Balearic Islands Portugal Spain France Corsica Italy (Piedmont Val d’Aosta Latium Apulia Sardinia Sicily) Malta Germany Albania Romania Bulgaria Greece Crete Turkey Israel Algeria Tunisia Libya and Morocco.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September.The larvae feed on Scabiosa candicans Scabiosa pyrenaica Scleranthus species and Limoniastrum monopetalum.
 Taenia pisiformis is a tapeworm. It is related to Taenia solium the pork tapeworm and to Taenia saginata the beef tapeworm.The adult may reach up to 200 cm in length. The definite host is represented by carnivores such as the dog or the cat.The intermediate host is represented by hares and rabbits in which we find the mesacestoide (the larval stage) known as: cysticercus pisiformis.
 Heteromicta sordidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Heteromicta. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found in Australia (including Western Australia and New South Wales).
 Celaenorrhinus selysi is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the south-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Fabresema sarramea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Stoidis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Aphelinus mali is a parasitoid wasp that is a parasitoid of Eriosoma lanigerum a pest of apples in Asia.
 Sympistis lachrymosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from West Texas to New Mexico.The wingspan is 34–36 mm. Adults are on wing from late September to late October.
 Calliteara albibasalis is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Coleophora lasloella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria Tunisia Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates and Yemen.
 Savi's pipistrelle Hypsugo savii (sometimes classified as Pipistrellus savii) is a species of vesper bat found across North West Africa the Mediterranean region and the Middle East. It feeds at night on flying insects. In the summer it roosts under bark in holes in trees in old buildings and in rock crevices but in winter it prefers roosts where the temperature is more even such as caves underground vaults and deep rock cracks.
 The Wood Groundling (Parachronistis albiceps) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula and part of the Balkan Peninsula. Outside of Europe it is found in southern Siberia (Transbaikalia Altai) the Russian Far East and Korea.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on Corylus (including Corylus avellana) Ulmus and Prunus persica species. They feed inside the buds of their host plant.
 Acrostictomyia longistigma is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrostictomyia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Halmus chalybeus commonly known as the steelblue ladybird is a species of ladybird (the beetle family Coccinellidae). It has an iridescent blue/green colouration and is a predator of other insects. It was introduced to New Zealand from Australia in 1899 and 1905 to control black scale and blue gum scale (see scale insect) on citrus trees where it is now common in northern regions. It has also been recorded eating San Jose scale. They are about 3-4 mm long.
 Neptunea lyrata also known by the common names New England Neptune wrinkled whelk ribbed Neptune inflated whelk lyre whelk or lyre Neptune is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae. This species consists of several subspecies.The New England Neptune (Neptunea lyrata decemcostata) was declared the state seashell of Massachusetts in 1987.
 Binatisphinctes is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Latirus attenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Macrocneme misitra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 Lithornis nasi is a member of the Lithornithidae family.
 The Black-chested Jay (Cyanocorax affinis) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Panama and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The central leaf-eared mouse (Graomys centralis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is known only from central Argentina. Prior to 1994 it was considered a subspecies of G. griseoflavus.
 Rabila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Oxynoticeras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the Early Jurassic of Europe and North America. This genus is characterized by its smooth shell with almost invisible undulations on the flank and a sharp keel.
 Troglocoptes is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Melanella attenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Crepipatella lingulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 Strongylognathus caeciliae is a species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 The Pale-eyed Blackbird (Agelasticus xanthophthalmus) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Epidesma similis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is 40 mm. The forewings are black-brown with a broad oblique yellow band. The hindwings are black-brown.
 Lomographa lungtanensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and China.
 Ecionemia is a genus of sea sponge belonging to the family Ancorinidae.This genus is characterized by a high density of siliceous spicules. Members of this genus are known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
 Gorgasia inferomaculata is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Jacques Blache in 1977. It is a non-migratory marine tropical eel which is known from the Gulf of Guinea in the eastern central Atlantic Ocean.
 Actenoptila is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Mirosternus hirsutulus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Tylomelania neritiformis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.Tylomelania neritiformis is the type species of the genus Tylomelania. This type species was subsequently designated by Johannes Thiele in 1929.
 Cyclophora aguzata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Philonome is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Pseudanthias parvirostris is a Pseudanthias fish from the Indo-West Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.5cm in length.
 Phyllonorycter albanotella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (including Illinois Kentucky Ohio Texas Maine Vermont and Connecticut).The wingspan is 6-7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species including Quercus alba Quercus bicolor Quercus macrocarpa Quercus nigra and Quercus obtusiloba. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
 Chriolepis is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.
 Saotomea (Saotomea) pratasensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Emmalocera rotundipennis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Joannis in 1930 and is known from Vietnam.
 Tritonia bayeri is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Celithemis is a genus of dragonflies in the Libellulidae family commonly known as Pennants. The genus contains eight species all native to Eastern North America.
 The dwarf hawkfish Cirrhitichthys falco is a small species of hawkfish found on tropical reefs in the Indo-Pacific region from the Maldives to the Caroline Islands and Samoa. It can sometimes be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Agriocnemidinae are a subfamily of the Coenagrionidae family of damselflies. Damselflies in this subfamily are very small in size. The five genera contain 63 species.
 Choreutis irimochla is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found on Java.
 The Caradrinini are a mid-sized tribe of moths in the Hadeninae subfamily.
 Laeliopsis is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Gymnocranius audleyi the Collared large-eye bream is a species of emperor native to the Pacific Ocean off the coast of southern Queensland Australia and also found in the southern part of the Great Barrier Reef. It inhabits environments adjacent to reefs at depths of from 8 to 40 metres (26 to 131 ft). It is a carnivorous species feeding on benthic invertebrates. This species can reach a length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL though most do not exceed 35 centimetres (14 in) TL.
 Dorphinaxius kermadecensis is a genus of mud lobster native to the Norfolk Island parts of New South Wales and the Kermadec Islands of New Zealand. It is the only species in the genus Dorphinaxius. It has a depth range of 0–8 metres (0–26 ft).
 Nystalea is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Mitromorpha orcutti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Common names: Central American jumping pitviper.Atropoides nummifer mexicanus is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to Mexico and Central America.
 Cophixalus sphagnicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Ochthoeca is a genus of birds in the Tyrannidae family.In recent times ist has usually contained the following species: Brown-backed Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca fumicolor White-browed Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca leucophrys Piura Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca piurae D'Orbigny's Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca oenanthoides Rufous-breasted Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca rufipectoralis Slaty-backed Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca cinnamomeiventris Maroon-belted Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca cinnamomeiventris thoracica Crowned Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca frontalisKalinowski's Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca frontalis spodionota Jelski's Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca jelskii Yellow-bellied Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca diadema Golden-browed Chat-Tyrant Ochthoeca pulchellaBut it has turned out that the last three which some had considered to belong in Silvicultrix may in fact form a distinct genus. 
 Eucobresia is a genus of air-breathing land snails or semi-slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Vitrinidae the glass snails.
 Opesia grandis is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Acabyara aruama is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Acabyara.
 Stempfferia baoule the Baoule Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of forests.
 Pasiphila charybdis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 The woolly dormouse (Dryomys laniger) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family endemic to Turkey.
 Myennis octopunctata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Proteuxoa adelphodes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New South Wales and South Australia.
 The Tondano Rat (Taeromys taerae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia. Taeromys taerae is a peninsular highland in the north east of the island and the rat is morphological relative of T. hamatus which is found only in central Sulawesian mountains.
 Ocyceros is an genus of the Bucerotidae family (hornbills) that is limited to the Indian Subcontinent. The three Species included in the genus are: Malabar Grey Hornbill Ocyceros griseus Sri Lanka Grey Hornbill Ocyceros gingalensis Indian Grey Hornbill Ocyceros birostris
 The purple lady nudibranch Flabellina funeka is a species of aeolid nudibranch and is a very colourful sea slug. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Flabellinidae.
 Lepagia is a poorly known genus of meat-eating mammal-like reptile (Therapsids) which lived during the Upper Triassic in Europe. Partly due to the paucity of remains (it's only known from teeth) the precise affinities of this genus are unclear. It seems reasonably closely related to Probainognathus a somewhat earlier inhabitant of South America.
 Aulacopleura is a genus of trilobite that lived from the Middle Ordovician to the Middle Devonian. The cephalon is semicircular or semielliptical with border and preglabellar field. The glabella is short with or without defined eye ridges connecting it with eyes of variable size. Spines at the rear outer corners of the cephalon (or genal spines) are present typically reaching back to the 2nd to 4th thorax segment.
 The black garden ant (Lasius niger) also known as just common black ant is a formicine ant the type species of the subgenus Lasius found all over Europe and in some parts of North America and Asia. The European species was split into two species; L. niger is found in open areas while L. platythorax is found in forest habitats. It is monogynous meaning colonies have a single queen.Lasius niger colonies can reach in size up to around 15000 workers but 4000–7000 is around average.
 Dellamora iridescens is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1930.
 Tasmadaphne spicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eupithecia nahuelbuta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the region of Araucania (the Province of Malleco) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Northern Valdivian Forest Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm. The forewings are covered with mixture of greyish white dark brown brownish black and reddish brown scales. The hindwings are greyish white with scattered greyish brown and dark brown scales. Adults have been recorded on wing in February.
 The Plain Swift (Apus unicolor) is a medium-sized swift. Although this bird is superficially similar to a Barn Swallow or House Martin it is not related to those passerine species. The resemblances between the groups are due to convergent evolution reflecting similar life styles.Swifts have very short legs that they use only for clinging to vertical surfaces.
 Platyptilia gravior is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Costa Rica.The wingspan is 24-28 mm. Adults are on wing in April May and June.
 Hemeroplanes ornatus is a species of sphinx moth native to Mexico through northern South America.
 Tripterygion melanurus is a species triplefins widespread in the Mediterranean Sea near the Balearic Islands southern Sardinia Algeria Tunisia Israel Lebanon Cyprus and southern Turkey. Marine subtropical demersal fish up to 5.3 cm length.
 The False Bruce Spanworm or Eversmann's Peacock (Macaria loricaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and the Baltic States to Sakhalin. It is also found in North America where it is found from Alaska to Newfoundland and New York south to Colorado.The wingspan is 25–29 mm for males. Females are wingless.
 Jordan's Fruit Piercing Moth (Eudocima jordani) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea and Queensland. Adults are considered a commercial pest. They damage fruit by piercing the skin to suck juice.The wingspan is about 70 mm. Adult males have subtly patterned dark brown forewings and bright orange hindwings that have broad black margins and a large black spot in the middle. The wings have scalloped margins. The abdomen is orange.
 Joculator rolani is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Deccanolestes is a scansorial basal Euarchontan from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) Intertrappean Beds of Andhra Pradesh India. It may be closely related to Sahnitherium. Deccanolestes has been referred to Palaeoryctidae in the past but recent evidence has shown the it is either the most basal Euarchontan or the earliest known Adapisoriculid.Deccanolestes hislopi is based on an isolated first upper molar (VPL/JU/NKIM/10).
 The Norfolk Ground Dove (Gallicolumba norfolciensis) was a species of bird in the Columbidae or pigeon family.It was endemic to Norfolk Island but became extinct due to introduced predators disappearing within a few decades after European settlement in the late 18th century.
 Tuta is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.The best-known species is probably the notorious pest of tomato crops Tuta absoluta.
 The dainty green tree frog or graceful tree frog (Litoria gracilenta) is a tree frog native to eastern Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales Australia. It ranges from northern Cape York in Queensland to Gosford in New South Wales with a small and most likely introduced population in Hornsby Heights in Sydney. It is the faunal emblem of the City of Brisbane.
 Heteroclinus johnstoni Johnston's weedfish is a species of clinid native to the waters along the around southern Australian coast where it prefers reefs with tall seaweed growth at depths down to about 50 metres (160 ft). This species can reach a maximum length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL.
 Gekko badenii or the golden gecko is native to the humid tropical rainforests of Vietnam. Males grow to around 7 to 8 inches (18 to 20 cm) while females stay around 5 to 6 inches (13 to 15 cm). Golden geckos do not like to be handled. They are somewhat hyperactive and can stress easily. They can and will bite when bothered but can be tamed if handled enough. As a defense mechanism the tail can detach to confuse the predator giving the gecko time to escape.
 Dendrocopos is a widespread genus of woodpeckers from Asia and Europe and Northern Africa. They range from the Philippines to the British Isles.
 Parachanna is a genus of snakeheads native to tropical Africa. One fossil species Parachanna fayumensisMurray 2006 dated to the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene is known from the Jebel Qatrani Formation of the Fayum Depression Egypt.
 Asiona is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Myrice.
 Preuss's Cliff Swallow (Petrochelidon preussi) also known as Preuss's Swallow is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family.
 Paracomucha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Crested blenny Parablennius laticlavius is a species of combtooth blenny found around New South Wales Australia and New Zealand to depths of between 1 to 3 metres (3.3 to 9.8 ft). This species reaches a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 The Shy Heathwren (Hylacola cauta) is a species of small bird in the Acanthizidae family endemic to Australia. They inhabit mostly mallee woodland that has relatively dense shrub and heath understorey. Shy Heathwrens feed mostly on ground dwelling insects; rarely on seeds. Their ground level nests are dome-shaped and usually concealed within grass tussocks or shrubs.
 Amalda nitidanosum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Barbus candens is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Tapinoma sessile is a species of ant that goes by the common names odorous house ant stink ant and coconut ant. Their colonies are polydomous (consist of multiple nests) and have a characteristic dominance hierarchy system. Like many social insects T. sessile employs complex foraging strategies allocates food depending on environmental conditions and engages in competition with several other insect species.These are both indoor and outdoor ants.
 Phalonidia manniana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 10–13 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August depending on the location.Larvae have been recorded on Mentha piperita Mentha aquatica Mentha longifolia Alisma plantago-aquatica Butomus Lycopus and Inula.
 Krachia obeliscoides is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from European water. It was described by Jeffreys in 1885.
 Stamnodini is a tribe of geometer moths under subfamily Larentiinae.
 Burnupia stuhlmanni is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet an aquatic gastropod mollusk which was traditionally placed in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies.
 Orthochromis mosoensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Burundi where it is only known to occur in the upper Malagarasi River drainage. This species can reach a length of 7.8 centimetres (3.1 in) SL.
 Platyptilia periacta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Gymnosoma nitens is a Palaearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Tegulifera is a genus of snout moths. Some authorities list it as a synonym of Zitha.
 Calcarovula piragua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Eilema albostriatum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Sphex pensylvanicus is a species of digger wasp commonly known as the great black wasp. It lives across most of North America and grows to a size of 20–35 mm (0.8–1.4 in). The larvae feed on living insects which the females paralyze and carry to the underground nest.
 Phalonidia assector is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Burnt Cork (1940–1944) was a thoroughbred race horse a son of Mr. Bones who was owned by Eddie 'Rochester' Anderson. His career earnings totaled $21130 in 38 starts. The horse had 9 wins places and shows.Burnt Cork became the first horse entered at the Kentucky Derby by an African American ownerin May 1943.As a dark horse among thoroughbreds eligible for the event he was timed at 0:36 for 3/8 of a mile on April 6 1943.
 The Small Bent-Winged Bat (Miniopterus pusillus) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: Bangladesh Bhutan India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Nepal Philippines Thailand and Vietnam.
 Vaceuchelus vallesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Preparctia allardi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Oberthür in 1911. It is found in China (Sichuan Qinhai) and eastern Tibet.
 Admetula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Loxotaphrus rosadoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Mordellistena knausi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1945 by Liljeblad.
 The Neotropical Palm Swift or Fork-tailed Palm Swift (Tachornis squamata) is a resident breeding bird from Colombia Venezuela the Guianas and Trinidad south to northeastern Peru and Brazil.This small swift is found locally in marshy habitats or sometimes open forest usually near Moriche Palms. It builds a C-shaped nest of feathers saliva and plant material on the inside of the dead leaf of a Moriche Palm.
 Elachista laetella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Bulgaria.
 Diploharpus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diploharpus ebeninus Bates 1872 Diploharpus exstriatus Bates 1878 Diploharpus laevigatus Perrault 1992 Diploharpus laevissimus Chaudoir 1850 Diploharpus mexicanus (Chevrolat 1841) Diploharpus perpolitus Bates 1882 Diploharpus rubripes Bates 1872 Diploharpus striolatus Bates 1872 Diploharpus termitophilus Perrault 1992↑
 Odostomia sillana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Turbonilla dina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Parornix conspicuella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (Pennsylvania Maine Michigan and Vermont).The larvae feed on Betula nigra. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Zodarion jansseni is a spider species found in Greece.
 Kurtziella perryae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Craccaphila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Platyscia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Vexillum modestum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Engina ignicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Ecphyas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Amphipneustes tumescens is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Amphipneustes and lives in the sea. Amphipneustes tumescens was first scientifically described in 1926 by Koehler.
 Volvarina zonata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Cyanopepla scintillans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1872. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 The naturelle leaf chameleon Brookesia karchei is a species of Chamaeleonidae (chameleon) endemic to Madagascar. It was rated as an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature on its Red List of Threatened Species. The species was described by Brygoo Blanc and Domergue in 1970.
 Micropholcus fauroti is a cellar spider species with Pantropical distribution. It has been introduced in Belgium.
 Hemiarthrum setulosum is a species of chiton in the family Hanleyidae the only member of the genus Hemiarthrum.
 Odostomia boteroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This species is considered a synonym of Odostomia (Megastomia) conoidea conoidea (Brocchi G.B. 1814)
 Nephelobates serranus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stenocercus is a genus of South American lizards commonly called whorltail iguanas of the Tropiduridae family. This genus has around sixty described species. The greatest species richness is in Ecuador and Peru but members of the genus are also found in Colombia Brazil Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northern Argentina.
 Eucalybites is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Sclerobunus is a genus of harvestman that occurs in North America.
 Doronomyrmex pocahontas (Latin: Doronomyrmex = Gift-Ant; Powhatan: pocahontas = playful one) is a threatened species of ant endemic to Alberta Canada facing a high risk of extinction.The total length of a female ant including the mandibles is 4mm.
 The New Zealand sprat Sprattus muelleri is a herring-like marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Pacific Ocean endemic to New Zealand. Its depth range is from the surface to 110 m and its length is up to 13 cm.
 Lytechinus williamsi the jewel urchin is a sea urchin in the family Toxopneustidae. It occurs on shallow reefs off the coasts of Panama Belize the Florida Keys and Jamaica.
 The Clanwilliam Redfin (Barbus calidus) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is placed in the wastebin genus Barbus – the typical barbels and relatives – by default. But actually it is far less closely related to the typical barbels than to the South African redfins in Pseudobarbus and may well belong in the latter genus. Like Pseudobarbus but unlike most other African barbs it is tetraploid. Its closest living relative is probably the Twee River Redfin (B.
 Carabus faustus is a species of ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Udea melanopis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Sceloporus merriami commonly known as the canyon lizard is a species of phrynosomatid lizard native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
 Neachandella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The star pearlfish Carapus mourlani is a species of slender ray-finned fish in the family Carapidae. It normally lives inside a starfish or a sea cucumber.
 Conus teodorae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Cotesia glomerata the White Butterfly Parasite is a small parasitic wasp species belonging to family Braconidae.
 Amblypsilopus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 The Sandia Hairstreak (Callophrys mcfarlandi) is a species of butterfly native to North America. A relatively rare butterfly with a limited range it was discovered in La Cueva Canyon Albuquerque in 1959 by a 4-H kid and described the following year. The Sandia Hairstreak was made one of the state insects of New Mexico in a 2002 bill approved the following year.
 Praescobura is a genus of skippers. It contains only one species Praescobura chrysomaculata which is found in northern Vietnam.
 Fowler's toad (Anaxyrus fowleri syn. Bufo fowleri) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae. It is native to North America where it occurs in much of the eastern United States and parts of adjacent Canada.It was previously considered a subspecies of Woodhouse's toad (Bufo woodhousii).
 Anthia venator is a beetle of the Family Carabidae.
 The Cherry-faced Meadowhawk (Sympetrum internum) is a dragonfly of the genus Sympetrum. It is found across northern and central United States and most of Canada including southern portions of the Yukon and Northwest Territories. Its abdomen is brown turning dark red at maturity in both sexes. The sides of the abdomen are marked with black triangles and the legs are black. Some females have amber in basal areas of their wings. As their name suggests faces are dark red when mature.
 Carinaria pseudorugosa is a species of sea gastropod a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Carinariidae.
 Nerita exuvia common name the snakeskin nerite is a medium-sized species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Neritidae the nerites.
 Neophyllites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Dichromodes consignata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Achiropsetta tricholepis the Finless flounder or Prickly flounder is a species of southern flounder with a southern circumpolar distribution. It lives in the Southwest Atlantic Ocean off Patagonia the Falkland Islands and the Burdwood Bank and also off the Ob Bank Kerguelen Islands Crozet Islands and the Campbell Plateau. It is usually caught in depths of 21 to 1186 metres (69 to 3891 ft). This species can grow to 39 centimetres (15 in) TL.
 Cyanotarus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cyanotarus andinus (Germain 1855) Cyanotarus foveolatus Chaudoir 1876↑
 Crassicantharus noumeensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Araucnephia is a genus of South American black flies from Chile and Argentina. There are only 2 known species.
 Racinoa versicolora is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2008. It is found in Kenya.
 Alexotypa vitiata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in India (Assam).
 Hespagarista caudata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in western Africa.
 Colpocoryphe is a genus of trilobites in the family Calymenidae.
 Macrocephenchelys brachialis is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Henry Weed Fowler in 1934.
 The Strepsiptera (translation: twisted wing giving rise to the insects' common name twisted-wing parasites) are an endopterygote order of insects with 9 extant families making up about 600 species. The early-stage larvae and the short-lived adult males are non-sessile but most of their lives are spent as endoparasites in other insects such as bees wasps leafhoppers silverfish and cockroaches.
 Colostethus pinguis is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Amphidromus martensi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.
 The silver hake Atlantic hake or New England hake Merluccius bilinearis is a merluccid hake of the genus Merluccius found in the northwest Atlantic Ocean from Maryland to the Newfoundland Banks at depths of between 55 and 900 m. Its length is about 30 in (75 cm).
 Paiute cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarki seleniris) is one of fourteen subspecies of cutthroat trout native only to Silver King Creek a headwater tributary of the Carson River in the Sierra Nevada in California. This subspecies is named after the indigenous Northern Paiute peoples.Paiute cutthroat trout are endemic to and protected within the Carson Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
 Ambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Cirricaecula johnsoni known commonly as the Fringelip snake eel is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Leonard Peter Schultz in 1953. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the Rongerik Atoll Marshall Islands in the western central Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 40 centimetres.
 Palaeothunnus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Thanetian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
 Celaenorrhinus ovalis Evans’ Orange Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and western Kenya. The habitat consists of forests.
 Thyrocopa geminipuncta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Maui. However but it is possibly extinct on Oahu where two females were collected in 1892 but no further specimens have been collected since then. The length of the forewings is 17-23 mm. Adults are on wing at least from April to September.
 The Lesser Brimstone Gonepteryx mahaguru is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is native to the Kashmir Uttarakhand China Korea and Japan.
 The Amazon Beauty (Baeotus aeilus) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the upper Amazon areas of Brazil Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is about 75 mm.Adults are sexually dimorphic. The upperside of the males is dark brown with a broad median band of reflective pale blue scales while the upperside of the females is banded with pale orange.
 Paramorpha tenuistria is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia.
 Seila is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.
 The Sri Lanka Wood Pigeon (Columba torringtoniae) is a pigeon which is an endemic resident breeding bird in the mountains of Sri Lanka.This species nests in damp evergeen woodlands in the central highlands building a stick nest in a tree and laying a single white egg. Its flight is quick with the regular beats and an occasional sharp flick of the wings which are characteristic of pigeons in general. Most of its food is vegetable.
 Izatha apodoxa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is known from scattered localities in the southern North Island.The wingspan is 20.5–26.5 mm for males and about 21 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in December and January.
 Arbudas is a genus of moths in the Zygaenidae family.
 Triatoma dimidiata is a blood-sucking insect whose range extends from northern South America (Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru) throughout all the countries of Central America and into Southern Mexico. It is among the most important carriers of Trypanosoma cruzi the flagellate protozoa that causes Chagas disease. Dimidiata has been found in rock piles caves occupied by bats hollow trees occupied by mammals or birds and other diverse ecotopes.
 Leucanopsis longa the Long-streaked Tussock Moth or Long-streaked Halisidota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1880. It is found from North Carolina to Florida and west along the coast to eastern Texas. The habitat consists of marshes and wet sedge meadows.The wingspan is 38-48 mm. The forewings are light orangish-yellow speckled with brown. The hindwings are whitish.
 The Inflated heelsplitter (Potamilus inflatus) is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels. This species was called by the common name Alabama heelsplitter in the standard reference Turgeon 1998. Because another species Lasmigona alabamensis was also given that same name in that publication this duplication of name caused some confusion.
 Coenopoeus niger is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Horn in 1894 and is known from Baja California.
 Ptinus lichenum is a species of beetles in the genus Ptinus of the family Anobiidae.
 Mordellistena annulipyga is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Thais cingulifera common name the girdled rock shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The pink flasher Paracheilinus carpenteri is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean. It can be found on reefs at depths from 27 to 45 m (89 to 148 ft). This species can reach 8 cm (3.1 in) in standard length.
 Eois chione is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Cybelopsis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now Greenland. It was described by Poulsen in 1927 and the type species is Cybelopsis speciosa. The type locality for the genus was the Nunatami Formation.
 Oarces reticulatus is a spider species in the family Mimetidae.It is endemic to Chile and adjacent Argentina where it is widespread.
 Porcellio festai is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Italy.
 Pachygastria is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Odostomia schrami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Adalbertia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Grey-cheeked Tit-Babbler (Macronus flavicollis) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Metrernis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Supplanaxis nucleus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.
 Kryptopterus geminus is a species of catfish belonging to the family Siluridae. It can be distinguished from all its congeners with the exception of Kryptopterus cryptopterus by the almost flat dorsal profile with no concavity behind the head. This species grows to a length of 17.1 centimetres (6.7 in) SL.Examples of this distinctively shaped translucent fish used to be assigned to the long-established species K.
 The Grapevine Epimenis (Psychomorpha epimenis) is a North American moth in the family Noctuidae.
 Margovula somaliensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Stagmatoptera praecaria is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera.
 Rhabdolona strandi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Rhabdolona.
 Admete frigida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Black-tailed Gull (Larus crassirostris) is a medium-sized (46 cm) gull with a wingspan of 126–128 cm. The bird is resident in East Asia including China Taiwan Japan and Korea. It is a vagrant to Alaska and northeastern North America.It has yellow legs and a red and black spot at the end of the bill. This gull takes 4 years to reach full adult plumage. As the name suggests it has a black tail.
 Anagnia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Byblia is a genus of nymphalid butterfly commonly called Jokers found in the Africa and the Indian subcontinent.These butterflies are orange with black markings. They are attracted to rotting fruit and frequently open and close their wings when resting.
 The Glittering-bellied Emerald (Chlorostilbon lucidus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It has widely been listed by the scientific name Chlorostilbon aureoventris but this was shown to be mistaken by J. F. Pacheco and B. M. Whitney in 2006.It is found in north-eastern Argentina eastern and central Bolivia eastern Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. It is widespread and often common in a wide range of semi-open habitats including gardens and parks.
 Spilargis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its sole species S. ignicolor occurs in New Guinea. A subspecies S. ignicolor bimaculata is found on the Moluccas.
 Eleutherodactylus tigrillo is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and possibly Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bythiospeum bressanum is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to France.
 Hirthia is a genus of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.
 Platyja umbrina is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya Vietnam Thailand Hainan and Sundaland.
 The Australian land hermit crab (Coenobita variabilis) is a terrestrial hermit crab species native to Australia. It is a nocturnal omnivorous crustacean. They are gregarious and thrive in tropical areas near water.
 Juditha azan is a butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in most of South America.
 Niaccaba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chiasmocleis shudikarensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyponephele neoza is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It is found in India.
 Terebra exiguoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Sceloporus merriami annulatus commonly known as the Big Bend canyon lizard is a subspecies of the canyon lizard and is endemic to southwestern Texas and adjacent northeastern Mexico.
 Camaenidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea the typical snails and their allies.This is one of the most diverse families in the clade Stylommatophora.These snails occur in a wide variety of habitats in the tropics of Eastern Asia and Australasia.A large American group which is mainly represented by species from the Caribbean has until recently also be subsumed under the Camaenidae.
 Turuptiana obliqua is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1869. It is found in Mexico and Panama.
 Afrocanthium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It consists of deciduous unarmed trees and shrubs. They are native to East Africa from Sudan and Ethiopia to South Africa.
 Proschaliphora citricostata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Kenya.
 Acromycter nezumi is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Hirotoshi Asano in 1958 originally under the genus Promyllantor. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Japan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 40 centimetres.
 Eupithecia irenica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Afternoon Deelites (foaled February 28 1992) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by pianist composer and music producer Burt Bacharach.The horse was born in West Virginia sired by Wood Memorial Stakes winner Private Terms and out of the mare Intimate Girl whose sire was the 1978 Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Colt Medaille d'Or a son of the legendary Secretariat.Trained by Hall of Fame inductee Richard Mandella Afternoon Deelites won several Graded stakes races including two Grade 1 events. 
 The brown woolly monkey common woolly monkey or Humboldt's woolly monkey (Lagothrix lagotricha) is a woolly monkey from Colombia Ecuador Peru and Brazil. It lives in groups of two to 70 individuals usually splitting the group into smaller subgroups when active. Many published sources give the systematic name as L. lagothricha because Fooden chose that spelling as the correct spelling when he revised the genus.
 Neuroterus albipes is a gall wasp that forms chemically induced leaf galls on oak trees which has both bisexual and agamic generations and therefore forms two distinct galls the smooth spangle gall and Schenck's gall. Neuroterus laeviusculus and Spathegaster albipes are previous binomials found in the literature.
 Lambeoceras is a rather large actinocerid with a convexly lenticular cross section from the Upper Ordovician of North America and the sole representative of the family Lambeoceratidae.
 Park Appeal (foaled 9 April 1982) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She was one of the leading two-year-old fillies of 1984 when she was undefeated in four races including the Moyglare Stud Stakes in Ireland and the Cheveley Park Stakes in Britain. Her later career was disappointing and she was retired with a record of five wins in eight races between August 1984 and August 1986.
 The fat threeridge (Amblema neislerii) is a freshwater mussel native to the rivers in southern Georgia and Florida. It belongs to the phylum Mollusca the class Bivalvia the order Unionoida and the family Unionidae. It resides in shallow rivers in the muddy and sandy bottom of the river beds. It was named an endangered species in 1998 by state and federal agencies and it is now considered critically endangered. The mussel is usually less than four inches in length and also in its width.
 Pont l’Eveque (1937–after1957) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from 1939 until 1940 he ran seven times and won three races. His most important success came in 1940 when he won the “New Derby” a wartime substitute for the Epsom Derby run at Newmarket. He had not been thought good enough to be included among the original Derby nominations but was allowed to enter when the race was rearranged.
 Labeobarbus brevicephalus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labeobarbus.
 Leucostoma anthracinum is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Uncertain Owlet or Bia Owl or Actorion Owlet (Bia actorion) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the upper Amazon areas of Brazil Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.The larvae feed on Astrocaryum murumuru and Geonoma species.
 Trichopetalum whitei common name Luray Caverns blind cave millipede is a rare troglobitic (obligate cavernicolous) millipede of the upper Potomac River drainage in four Virginia counties and three West Virginia counties. It has been recorded from 12 caves across this range including the Luray Caverns where it was first discovered and described.
 Epioblasma is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels. Most of the species in this genus have been lost in modern times and the entire genus is threatened with the possibility of extinction. The genera has also been identified as Dysnomia.
 Tongeia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Ixalodectes flectocercus is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae endemic to Australia.
 Cataegidae is a family of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Turbonilla postacuticostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Valvata studeri is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae the valve snails.
 Egnasia macularia is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Madagascar.It has a wingspan of 32mm.
 Hypocrita herrona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1871. It is found in Colombia.
 Graphania omicron is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Hudson in 1898. It is found in New Zealand.
 Terinebrica phaloniodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Turbonilla scammonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eupithecia resarta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 The Timothy Tortrix (Aphelia paleana) is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe China (Heilongjiang Beijing) and Russia.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moth flies from June to August in western Europe.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Pulicaria dysenterica and wolfberry.
 Pectinobotys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Pterocalla guttulata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Ulidiidae.
 Godiva quadricolor is a species of sea slug a nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
 Raymordella ambigua is a beetle in the Raymordella genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1956 by Franciscolo.
 Elachista varensis is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in France.
 The Red-footed Falcon (Falco vespertinus) formerly Western Red-footed Falcon is a bird of prey. It belongs to the family Falconidae the falcons. This bird is found in eastern Europe and Asia although its numbers are dwindling rapidly due to habitat loss and hunting. It is migratory wintering in Africa.
 Xerocrassa penchinati is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Hypatopa ursella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including California.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are bone-white suffused and sprinkled with brownish grey. The hindwings are pale grey with a slight brownish tinge.
 Cymatium comptum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Danielithosia difficilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Guangdong).The length of the forewings is about 11 mm. The forewings are buff with a diffuse yellow costal margin. The hindwings are lighter than the forewing without any darkening. In females the hindwings are lighter than in males.
 Leptodactylus magistris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Jacksonoides is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Thyestes was an extinct genus of ostracoderm fish of Europe that lived in the Late Silurian Wenlock epoch. It superficially resembles Cephalaspis but was closely related to Auchenaspis and Tremataspis.
 Scada zibia the Zibia Clearwing is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.
 Atelurinae is a subfamily of primitive insects belonging to the order Thysanura. They are sometimes treated as a family Ateluridae. These are tiny and usually found within the nests of termites and ants with which they associate.
 Protomiselia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudalcis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Euxesta bilimeki is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Nishada schintlmeisteri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 Cristulosia bilunata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1958. It is found in Madagascar.
 Aepypodius is a genus of birds in the Megapodiidae family. It contains the following species: Wattled Brushturkey (Aepypodius arfakianus) Waigeo Brushturkey (Aepypodius bruijnii)
 Hunt Ball (foaled on 11 March 2005) is a popular Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred in Ireland and originally trained in Great Britain. His most noted success to date was winning the Centenary Novices' Handicap Chase at the Cheltenham Festival on 13 March 2012.
 Cychrus grajus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by K. Daniel & J. Daniel in 1898.
 Saccodon is a genus of scrapetooths found in the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena region from Panama to northwestern Peru.
 The web-footed coqui (Eleutherodactylus karlschmidti) also known as Karl's robber frog is a possibly extinct Puerto Rican frog species of coquí.
 Terebralia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Potamididae.
 The rove beetles are a family (Staphylinidae) of beetles primarily distinguished by their short elytra that leave more than half of their abdomens exposed. With approximately 58000 species in thousands of genera the group is currently recognized as the largest family of beetles. It is an ancient group with fossil rove beetles known from the Triassic 200 million years ago and possibly even earlier if the recently described Leehermania proves to be a member of this family.
 Lachnaia sexpunctata is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It is found from north-eastern France to Turkey and from north to southern Germany and Slovakia.
 Tranopelta is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Leptotrachelus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Pogonomyrmex anergismus is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Eutane is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The Rufous-winged Buzzard (Butastur liventer) is an Asian bird of prey. It is a resident breeder in southern China Myanmar Thailand Cambodia Laos Vietnam and Indonesia. It is a species of deciduous forest and second growth up to 800 m.The adult Rufous-winged Buzzard is 38–43 cm long. It has a grey head and underparts with some streaking on the crown neck and breast. The rest of the upperparts are rufous grey and the uppertail is bright rufous.
 Pseudozumia is a monotypical afrotropical genus of potter wasps known from Central Africa (Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia). Its only known species is Pseudozumia bimaculata (Meade-Waldo 1911).
 Polyacanthonotus is a genus of spiny eels with thesecurrently recognized species: Polyacanthonotus africanus (Gilchrist & von Bonde 1924) Polyacanthonotus challengeri (Vaillant 1888) (longnose tapirfish) Polyacanthonotus merretti Sulak R. E. Crabtree & Hureau 1984 Polyacanthonotus rissoanus (De Filippi & Vérany 1857) (smallmouth spiny eel)↑
 Ceropales is a genus of kleptoparasitic spider wasps from the sub-family Ceropalinae of the family Pompilidae. They are characterised by the taking of the spider prey of other solitary wasps mainly Pompiliddae but members of the Sphecidae are also kleptoparasitised. In some languages their name translates into English as Cuckoo Spider Wasp.
 Cameraria eppelsheimii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Texas).The larvae feed on Carya species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Strumigenys lichiaensis is a species of yellow ant up to 2.8 mm in length. It is endemic to Taiwan.This species can be distinguished from all Taiwanese congeners except Strumigenys liukueiensis by the numerous stout hairs on the dorsal surface of the mesosoma. It can be separated from S. liukueiensis by its considerably smaller size (workers only up to 2.2 mm in length).
 Eupithecia caduca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Stigmella barbata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 2000 and is known from Las Cuevas Belize where it is found in Chiquibul Forest Reserve.
 The greater stripe-backed shrew or stripe-backed shrew (Sorex cylindricauda) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to China. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mordellistena sejugata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1965.
 The giraffe spot nudibranch Ancula sp. as designated by Gosliner 1987 is a species of colourful sea slug specifically a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae. As of November 2009 it remained undescribed by science.
 Ernstichthys intonsus is a species of banjo catfish that is endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Napo River basin. This fish grows to a length of 4.9 cm (1.9 in).
 Lecanicephaloidea is an order of tapeworms of the subclass Cestoda. Species in the order consist of intestinal parasites of elasmobranch fishes.
 The Streptacididae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
 Spy Song (foaled 1943 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by 1934 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt Balladier and out of two-time Champion filly Mata Hari. He was bred at owner Charles Fisher's Dixiana Farm and raced under the colors of his Dixiana Stable.Among his wins Spy Song won the 1945 Arlington Futurity and ran second to Assault in the 1946 Kentucky Derby. He retired having won fifteen of thirty-six starts with earnings of $206325.
 The velvet whalefish Barbourisia rufa is a deep-sea whalefish the sole known member of its family Barbourisiidae. It is found throughout the tropical and temperate parts of the world's oceans mainly in the Pacific near Japan and New Zealand at depths of 300 to 2000 m. This species seems very closely related to some flabby whalefishes and it was initially believed to belong into that family by some.
 Schistophyle is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ardistomis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Ardistomis aeneus Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis alticola Darlington 1935 Ardistomis annona Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis arechavaletae Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis aschnae Makhan 2010 Ardistomis atripennis Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis brevis Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis constrictus Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis convexus Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis cordicollis Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis curtus Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis dubius Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis dyschirioides Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis eductus Bates 1881 Ardistomis elongatulus Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis fasciolatus Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis franki Nichols 1988 Ardistomis glabratus Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis guadeloupensis Kult 1950 Ardistomis haemorrhous Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis hispaniolensis Nichols 1988 Ardistomis leprieurii (Chaudoir 1843) Ardistomis lindrothi Kult 1950 Ardistomis mannerheimi Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis marquardti Kult 1950 Ardistomis morio (Dejean 1831) Ardistomis nigroclarus Darlington 1939 Ardistomis nitidipennis Darlington 1934 Ardistomis obliquatus Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis ogloblini Kult 1950 Ardistomis oxygnathus (Chaudoir 1843) Ardistomis posticalis Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis profundestriatus Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis quadripunctatus Kult 1950 Ardistomis quixotei Valdes 2007 Ardistomis ramsdeni Darlington 1937 Ardistomis rufoclarus Darlington 1939 Ardistomis schaumii Leconte 1857 Ardistomis semipunctatus (Dejean 1831) Ardistomis seriepunctatus (Brulle 1843) Ardistomis striga Putzeys 1866 Ardistomis tropicalis Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis tuspanensis Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis unicolor Putzeys 1846 Ardistomis venustulus Putzeys 1866↑
 The Yellow-rumped Honeyguide (Indicator xanthonotus) is a sparrow-sized bird in the honeyguide family that is found in Asia mainly in montane forests along the Himalayas. They are very finch-like but the feet are strong and the feet are zygodactyl with two toes facing forward and two backward. They perch on honeycombs and feed on wax. Males tend to be territorial and stay near honeycombs while females and juveniles forage widely.
 Urfachus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Knipowitschia goerneri the Corfu dwarf goby is a species of freshwater goby endemic to the island of Corfu in western Greece. This species can reach a length of 2.2 centimetres (0.87 in) SL.
 Paranerita metaxantha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1914. It is found in Colombia.
 Tumerepedes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae endemic to the Afrotropics. It consists of only one species Tumerepedes flava the Nigerian Buff which is found in northern Nigeria. The habitat consists of riverine forests.
 Poecilotheria regalis is a species of arboreal tarantulas from the Western and Eastern Ghats India. The common name for this spider is Indian Ornamental Tree Spider or simply Indian Ornamental. It is one of the most popular arboreal tarantulas for amateur collectors. Their legspan sometimes exceeds 7 inches (18 cm).
 Falsilunatia xantha is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Acanthoxyla is a genus of stick insects. Acanthoxyla is included in the family Phasmatidae.It is cladistically placed in the Catalogue of Life:
 Spilarctia vandepolli is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Sundaland. The habitat consists of lowland rain forests.Adults are sexually dimorphic. The forewings are brownish and the hindwings are bright yellow. The hindwings are much darker in males.
 Caloptilia eolampis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Guyana.
 †Nerineoidea is a superfamily of extinct sea snails fossil marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
 Pyrolaceae was a small family of flowering plants under the old Cronquist system of plant classification.
 Craspedoma hespericum is a species of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Portugal.
 Dialectica pyramidota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Ehretia rigida. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Thyca stellasteris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Thyca.
 The Surf Scoter (Melanitta perspicillata) is a large sea duck which breeds in Canada and Alaska. It is placed in the subgenus Melanitta along with the Velvet and White-winged Scoters distinct from the subgenus Oidemia Black and Common Scoters.It winters further south in temperate zones on the coasts of the northern United States. Small numbers regularly winter in western Europe as far south as the British Isles. Some birds may over-winter on the Great Lakes.
 Rana omeimontis (Omei brown frog or Omei wood frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is endemic to China. Its name refers to Mount Emei.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes ponds irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.Feamle frogs reach a length of 67 mm (2.6 in) males are slightly smaller.
 Columbarium formosissimum is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Garra rossica is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Spilarctia percellens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1993. It is found in Malaysia.
 Proconica is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Stigmella sanguisorbae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Germany and Poland to Switzerland Austria and Hungary.The larvae feed on Sanguisorba officinalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a gradually widening corridor. At first it runs along the leaf margin. Then the corridor doubles in width and makes a secondary blotch. Frass can be found over the entire length in a diffuse central line. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Latimenes is an Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Pachylia syces is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico through Belize and Honduras to Brazil Bolivia and Argentina. It is also found on Jamaica.There is a pale median band on the forewing upperside which is separated into two patches. Occasionally the patches are connected into a continuous transverse band but if so the band so formed is strongly constricted.
 The common blanket octopus or violet blanket octopus Tremoctopus violaceus is a large octopus of the family Tremoctopodidae found worldwide in the epipelagic zone of warm seas. The degree of sexual dimorphism in this species is very high with females growing to two meters in length whereas males the first live specimen of which was seen off the Great Barrier Reef in 2002 grow to about 2.4 cm.
 Precis milonia the Broad-banded Commodore is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda and Burundi. The habitat consists of primary lowland forests.
 The Santa Cruz Ground Dove (Gallicolumba sanctaecrucis) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Saroba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lametilidae is a family of bivalves. The family is related to the nut clams (Nuculidae).
 Smithichthys fucorum the Leafy klipfish is a species of clinid found along the coast of South Africa from Cape Point to the Bashee River. Its preferred habitat is amongst seaweed in the subtidal zone. It can reach a maximum length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Pteroteinon pruna Evans’ Red-eye is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of riverine forests.
 Dahlica lazuri is a moth of the Psychidae family. It was described by Clerck in 1759. It is found in France the Benelux Germany Switzerland Austria the Baltic region Scandinavia and Russia.The wingspan is 6–15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to June.
 Sylviidae is a family of passerine birds that was part of an assemblage known as the Old World warblers. The family was formerly a wastebin taxon with over 400 species of bird in over 70 genera. The family was poorly defined with many characteristics shared with other families. Advances in classification particularly helped with molecular data have led to the splitting out of several new families from within this group.
 Amblyomma maculatum is a species of tick in the genus Amblyomma. Immatures usually infest small mammals and birds that dwell on the ground; cotton rats may be particularly favored hosts.
 Admetula italica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 McCosker's flasher Paracheilinus mccoskeri is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is a reef inhabitant at depths from 5 to 40 m (16 to 131 ft) and can grow to 8 cm (3.1 in) in total length. It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Divales bipustulatus is a species of beetle belonging to the family Melyridae.
 Polythrix is a Neotropical and Nearctic genus of Spread-winged skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Aneriophora is a little-known genus of hoverflies from South America.
 Epigomphus verticicornis is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Costa Rica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mordella h-fasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1895.
 The black bean aphid (Aphis fabae) is a tiny black insect with a broad soft body a member of the order Homoptera. Other common names include blackfly bean aphid and beet leaf aphid. In the warmer months of the year it is found in large numbers on the underside of leaves and on the growing tips of host plants including various agricultural crops and many wild and ornamental plants. Both winged and wingless forms exist and at this time of year they are all females.
 Braulidae or bee lice is a family of flies (Diptera) with eight species in two genera Braula and Megabraula. These are most unusual flies wingless and small and barely recognizable as Diptera as they have the superficial appearance of mites or lice. They have reduced eyes and antennae hidden in grooves. Their legs are short and robust while the claws are equipped with minute teeth. Their life-cycle is intimately connected with that of bees particularly queens and drones.
 Turbonilla vatilau is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The group as a whole is characterized by a narrow spiraling conical shell typically a few centimeters in length.
 Ciulfina rentzi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Ciulfina in the order Mantodea.
 The San Jose scale is a hemipterous insect (Q­raspidiotus perniciosus) in the family Diaspididae. It is an agricultural pest as it causes damage and crop losses to many fruit crops. In 1914 Q. perniciosus became the first documented case of insecticide resistance
 Chicoreus is a genus of medium to large sized predatory sea snails. These are carnivorous marine gastropod molluscs in the family Muricidae the murexes or rock snails.In 2011 Phyllonotus was raised to the status of genus from its former state as subgenus of Chicoreus
 The Campina Jay (Cyanocorax hafferi) is a passerine from the genus Cyanocorax a group of jays which occur in the Neotropics. It was first discovered in August 2002 by Mario Cohn-Haft but stayed unrecognised for two and a half years until the holotype was collected in January 2005. In 2013 this species was formally described in the Handbook of the Birds of the World. The species' epithet commemorates Dr.
 Sphecosoma melissa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina São Paulo).
 The Crinkle-collared Manucode (Manucodia chalybatus) is a medium-sized up to 36 cm long greenish blue black and purple-glossed bird-of-paradise with a long graduated tail red iris and iridescent green breast feathers. Both sexes are similar with a slightly smaller and less purple female.This species resembles the Jobi Manucode in appearance distinguished by its bronzed yellow-green neck feathers.
 Rhynchopyga meisteri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berg in 1883. It is found in Brazil (Amazons Castro Parana Rio de Janeiro) and Argentina.
 Cyana aroa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Pterymarchia barclayana is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the rock snails or murex snails.
 Rhysocara crassa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Rhysocara.
 Rapana is a genus of large predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the rock snails.
 The Katanga caco or Katanga metal frog (Cacosternum leleupi) is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent rivers swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Splendrillia carolinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Apopterygion alta known commonly as the Tasseled triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny.
 Agyrta porphyria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1782. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Epicephala acrobaphes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Hesioninae are a subfamily of phyllodocid bristle worms (class Polychaeta). They are (like almost all polychaetes) marine organisms; most are found on the continental shelf. They are divided into two tribes of which at least the Psamathini seem to represent a good clade.
 Avicephala is a possibly polyphyletic and therefore disused clade of diapsid reptiles that lived during the Late Permian and Triassic periods. Many species had odd specialized grasping limbs and prehensile tails adapted to arboreal (and possibly aquatic) lifestyles.
 The Canthyloscelidae are a small family of midges closely related to the Scatopsidae.Adults are small to medium-sized (2.5-9.0 mm) flies relatively stout usually dark coloured Nematocera with stout legs. They are associated with ancient woodland.
 Clathrina hondurensis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Belize.
 Aphniolaus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Terebra bratcherae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The long-tailed shrew or rock shrew (Sorex dispar) is a small North American shrew found in Atlantic Canada and the north-eastern United States.This shrew is slate grey in colour with a pointed snout a long tail and lighter underparts. It is found on rocky slopes in mountainous areas along the Atlantic coast from Gaspé Peninsula Quebec and Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia to northern Georgia. It eats insects and spiders. Predators include hawks owls and snakes.
 Beaufortia intermedia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Beaufortia.
 Crocidura hikmiya is a species of shrew that was recently (2007) described from the rainforests of Sri Lanka based on both morphological and molecular data. Its closest sister species is the Sri Lankan long-tailed shrew another Sri Lankan crocidurine shrew that is restricted to the high-elevation habitats of the Central Highlands. C. hikmiya has a shorter tail than the Sri Lankan long-tailed shrew; most of the other characteristics that distinguish the two species are osteological in nature .
 Aeneator galatheae is a species of sea snail a whelk a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Greater Yellownape (Picus flavinucha) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Chaerocina nyikiana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malawi.
 The Rufous-bellied Hawk-Eagle (Lophotriorchis kienerii) is a bird of prey in the family Accipitridae that is found in the forested regions of tropical Asia. Relatively small for eagles and contrastingly patterned like a falcon this species was earlier placed in the genus Hieraaetus and sometimes also in the genus Aquila but thought to be distinctive enough to belong to a separate genus.
 Cacozeliana fuscocapitulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Neumichtis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hypaedalea butleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from forests from Sierra Leone to Congo and Uganda.The length of the forewings is 25–27 mm for males and 25–27 mm for females. The thorax has a large green median dorsal patch that extends onto the head and is laterally bordered by a brown line. The abdomen is pale yellowish-brown. The thorax and abdomen are buff-yellow ventrally.
 The term XTensions is a trademark of Quark Inc. (www.quark.com) and describes a plugin for QuarkXPress a popular page layout program.An XTensions module is a little program that only runs inside QuarkXPress and enhances existing functionality or adds new functionality to the main program.
 Mordella palembanga is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Acrolophus emphytopa is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Euvrilletta occidentalis is a species of beetles in the genus Euvrilletta of the family Anobiidae.
 The Buff-banded Rail (Gallirallus philippensis) is a distinctively coloured highly dispersive medium-sized rail of the family Rallidae.
 The Laysan Duck (Anas laysanensis) also known as the Laysan Teal because of its small size is an endangered dabbling duck endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. Fossil evidence reveals that Laysan Ducks once lived across the entire archipelago but today survive only on three small isolated islands.
 Mordella detracta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1876.
 Alicella gigantea is the largest species of amphipod ever observed with some individuals reaching up to 340 millimetres (13 in) long. Formerly included in the family Lysianassidae a new family Alicellidae was erected in 2008 for Alicella and five related genera.
 Hypoleucis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Amaxia collaris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jones in 1912. It is found in Brazil.
 The Clymene Moth (Haploa clymene) is a moth of the Tiger Moth family - Arctiidae subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in the East of North America.
 Peristernia australiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Turbonilla nuttalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. This species was named after the English botanist and zoologist Thomas Nuttall (1786-1859).
 Typhlops zenkeri is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Didemnum is a genus of tunicates in the family Didemnidae. Some species of Didemnum can be characterized as invasive species. This is particularly an issue off the east coast of the United States where in early 2006 Didemnum were estimated to inhabit more than 175 square kilometers of this undersea region.
 Fusinus josei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Abronia smithi is an arboreal alligator lizard described in 1993 by Campbell and Frost. It is a native of Central America.
 The bluefin gurnard or Pacific red gurnard Chelidonichthys kumu is a species of fish in the family Triglidae the sea robins and gunards. It is found in the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean being common around Australia and New Zealand at depths down to 200 metres (660 ft). Its length is up to 60 centimetres (24 in). This fish is edible for humans.
 Mesocolpia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Praegmelina is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Amphipoda. It existed during the middle Miocene period.
 Glipa sanfilippoi is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1998.
 The Centriscidae are a family of fishes from the order Syngnathiformes which includes the snipefishes shrimpfishes and bellowfishes. A small family consisting of only about a dozen marine species they are of an unusual appearance as reflected by their common names.
 The Double-barred Finch (Taeniopygia bichenovii) is an estrildid finch found in dry savanna tropical (lowland) dry grassland and shrubland habitats in northern and eastern Australia. They are sometimes referred to as Bicheno's Finch; and also as Owl Finch owing to the dark ring of feathers around their faces.The name of the species commemorates James Ebenezer Bicheno a colonial secretary of Van Diemen's Land appointed in September 1842.
 Trypeta hyoscyami is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Paratryphera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Macroglossum phocinum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in the Solomon Islands.The length of the forewings is about 25 mm. The head and thorax upperside are deep olive green with a dark mesial stripe. The abdomen upperside is blackish olive with a pair of black basal spots and large black lateral patches. The palpus middle of the thorax and abdomen basal segment undersides are dirty grey.
 Mordellistena nubila is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1875.
 Physocnemum brevilineum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Elaphrus sibiricus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1844.
 Phymatodes testaceus (commonly known as the tanbark borer or the violet tanbark beetle) is a transpalearctic polymorphic species of beetle in the subfamily Cerambycinae in the longhorn beetle family.The P. testaceus imago is typically 6-16 mm in length. Their eggs are 1 mm long and in athwart 0.5 mm. Larvae of the species are 10-18 mm long and 2.1 mm wide.
 Lasiochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Allabaculia or alternatively Alabaculia (foaled 1773) was a British racemare that was the winner of the first St. Leger Stakes in 1776. Her maternal pedigree was not recorded and she did not race under the name Allabaculia with the title bestowed on her at a much later date. Allabaculia does not appear in the General Stud Book compiled by the Weatherbys.
 Endothenia quadrimaculana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from northern and central Europe to Siberia and south-eastern Russia Mongolia and China. Subspecies nubilana is found in North America.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. In France and Switzerland there are two generations per year.
 Anopina parasema is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
 Zaleptiolus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 The Sumatran Babbler (Pellorneum buettikoferi) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.
 Spilosoma mediopunctata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1903. It is found in Ethiopia and Somalia.
 Chibidaria is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Eotrechodes larisae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Eotrechodes.
 Eucosmophora sideroxylonella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cuba and Florida.The length of the forewings is 3.4 mm for males and 3.8 mm for females.The larvae feed on Lyonia fruticosa Dipholis salicifolia Manilkara jaimiqui Sideroxylon foetidissimum Sideroxylon celastrinum and Sideroxylon pallidum. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Fusinus flavicomus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eutelesia phaeochroa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Springeratus is a genus of clinids found in the southwestern Pacific and western Indian Ocean.
 Paricterodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Brown-billed Scythebill (Campylorhamphus pusillus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Panama Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Arcalis (foaled on March 7 2000 in Great Britain) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his win in the Supreme Novices' Hurdle at the 2005 Cheltenham Festival.
 The Chrysopeleiinae are a subfamily of the Cosmopterigidae although some authors treat it as a full family the Chrysopeleiidae.
 The Amazonian Barred Woodcreeper (Dendrocolaptes certhia) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily the woodcreepers. The Northern Barred Woodcreeper (D. sanctithomae) was formerly included in this species. The Amazonian Barred Woodcreeper still includes the subspecies concolor which sometimes is considered a separate species the Concolor Woodcreeper.It is found in the entire Amazon Basin of Brazil and the Guianas in the northeast (Guyana Suriname and French Guiana).
 Monopisthocotylea is a subclass of parasitic flatworms in the class Monogenea. There are only two subclasses in the class Monogenea: Monopisthocotylea Polyopisthocotylea
 Procambarus bouvieri is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus living in Central America. It is the only species in the subgenus Mexicambarus.
 Aspidiotini is a tribe of armored scale insects.
 Dentimargo hennequini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Xeneboda congo is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The wingspan is about 16.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous cream densely strigulated and reticulated with rust and with brownish termen parts of the costa and dorsum. The hindwings are orange but brownish in the anal area.
 Orotava is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Hoplophanes tritocosma is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Acytolepis najara is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is endemic to Sulawesi.
 This page refers to the fly subfamily; Muscinae is also an obsolete scientific name for the mosses modern Bryophyta.Within the taxonomy of biology the subfamily Muscinae includes two of the more familiar genera within the Muscidae family; Musca and Stomoxys.The bulk of the species are in the tribe Muscini.From the 19th century the term Muscinae is also an obsolete scientific name for the mosses (modern Bryophyta) once used in the taxonomy of Ernst Haeckel (circa 1899).
 Chrysallida intermixta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 The ponyfishes also known as slipmouths or slimys / slimies are a small family Leiognathidae of fishes in the order Perciformes. They inhabit marine and brackish waters in the Indian and West Pacific Oceans. They can be used in the preparation of bagoong.Ponyfishes are small and laterally compressed in shape with a bland silvery colouration. They are distinguished by highly extensible mouths and the presence of a mechanism for locking the spines in the dorsal and anal fins.
 Cerma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anigraeopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sepia bartletti is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean. It is known only from the type locality. Depth range is unknown.S. bartletti is known from only the holotype and six other specimens (all cuttlebones) described by Tom Iredale in 1954. It is possibly a junior synonym of Sepia bandensis. The placement of S. bartletti in the genus Sepia is also questionable.S.
 Joculator mygaki is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Copelatus trifilis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1958.
 The bark cockroach Laxta granicollis is a species of Blaberidae that occurs in Australia. The female of this species lacks wings while the male is winged.
 Taiwani imperator is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Taiwan.Adults have been found in June but probably have several generations per year.The wingspan is 12-15 mm. The forewing is relatively narrow and long and the median and terminal area are dark brown while the basal and postmedian area is light brown the latter gradually darker outwards. There is a bright ovoid yellow reniform stigma. The crosslines are all present and are well marked and waved.
 Leptachatina lepida is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Pituophis is a genus of nonvenomous colubrid snakes commonly referred to as gopher snakes pine snakes and bull snakes which are endemic to North America.
 Dipnelix pertricosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The lightning whelk scientific name Busycon contrarium is an edible species of very large predatory sea snail or whelk a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the busycon whelks. This species has a left-handed or sinistral shell. It eats mostly bivalves.There is some confusion about the correct scientific name for this species which has been called Busycon sinistrum and Busycon contrarium and has also been confused with Busycon perversum.
 Theriodictis is an extinct genus of small hypercarnivorous fox-like canid endemic to South America during the Pleistocene living from 1.2 Ma-11000 years ago and existing for approximately 1.19 million years.Prey is thought to have included ungulate camelids such as the llama cervids such as Epieurycerus and Antifer equids such as Equus and Hippidion Catagonus giant rodents such as Neochoerus mesotherids such as the burrowing Mesotherium and giant armadillos such as Eutatus Propraopus and Pampatherium.
 The American water shrew (Sorex palustris) or northern water shrew is a large North American shrew found in aquatic habitats. Some sources include the Glacier Bay water shrew S. alaskanus within this species.This animal is dark grey in colour with lighter underparts with a long tail. Air bubbles are trapped in the thick fur when the animal dives underwater. Its feet have a fringe of hairs more visible on the larger hind feet which allow this animal to run on the water's surface.
 Sicyopterus franouxi is a species of goby endemic to Madagascar where it is only found in fresh waters. This species can reach a length of 13.1 centimetres (5.2 in) SL.
 Oliva venulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Digitivalva pulicariae is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Portugal Fennoscandia the Baltic region and Poland.The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults are on wing from August to after overwintering May of the following year.The larvae feed on Pulicaria dysenterica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine initially has the form of a short corridor that starts at the midrib or the leaf base.
 Pensacola is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Aegomorphus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Aegomorphus albosignus Chemsak & Noguera 1993 Aegomorphus arizonicus Linsley & Chemsak 1984 Aegomorphus chamelae Chemsak & Giesbert 1986 Aegomorphus modestus (Gyllenhal in Schoenherr 1817) Aegomorphus morrisii (Uhler 1855) Aegomorphus peninsularis (Horn 1880)↑
 Typhlomangelia pyrrha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Petrocephalus bane is a species of elephantfish native to Africa where it occurs in the basins of the Nile Bénoué and Volta rivers and the Chad Basin. It prefers relatively still waters of lakes irrigation canals and lagoons. This species can reach a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Asaphocrita planetae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 The Southern Toad (Anaxyrus terrestris) is a true toad native to the southeastern United States from eastern Louisiana to southeastern Virginia. It often lives in areas with sandy soils. It is nocturnal and spends the day in a burrow. Its coloring is usually brown but can be red gray or black. It is approximately 3 inches long.
 Partulina confusa is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Harry Bassett (1868–1878) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse winner of the 1871 Belmont Stakes and an outstanding racehorse of the 19th century. He also won a number of other stakes races and was named the Champion male of his age group in 1870 1871 and 1872. He was retired to stud duties in New Jersey when his five-year racing career ended having recorded 23 wins from 36 starts. Harry Bassett died in New Jersey in 1878 and was inducted into the United States Racing Hall of Fame in 2010.
 Neospades is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Neospades chrysopygius (Germer 1848) Neospades cruciatus (Fabricius 1775) Neospades cupricaudus Carter 1927 Neospades cupriferus (Gestro 1877) Neospades lateralis Blackburn 1888 Neospades nigroaeneus (Kerremans 1898) Neospades pictus Carter 1923 Neospades rugiceps (Thomson 1879) Neospades simplex Blackburn 1888 Neospades terrareginae (Obenberger 1919) Neospades viridis (Kerremans 1898)↑
 Calliostoma blacki common name Black's maurea is a medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae the calliostoma top snails.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Maurea).
 Charaxes berkeleyi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of montane and riverine forests.The larvae feed on Albizia gummifera Scutia myrtina Ochna holstii and Ochna insculpta.
 Mystropomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Mystropomus regularis Banninger 1940 Mystropomus subcostatus Chaudoir 1848↑
 The brown-chested alethe (Pseudalethe poliocephala) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Ivory Coast Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Exilisia flavicapilla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found on Madagascar.
 Allidiostomatinae is a subfamily of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Damias coeruleomarginata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Phyllomacromia melania is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae.
 Sphecosoma albipalpe is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The Grey-eyed Greenlet (Hylophilus amaurocephalus) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Sagalassa coleoptrata is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 The Japanese Oakblue (Arhopala japonica) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Japan the Ryukyu Islands the Korean Peninsula and Taiwan.The wingspan is 24-30 mm.The larvae feed on Pasania edulis Pasania glabra Quercus acuta Quercus glauca Quercus serrata Quercus stenophylla Cyclobalanopsis glauca Cyclobalanopsis gilva and Cyclobalanopsis acuta.
 Biomphalaria is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies.Biomphalaria is the type genus of the tribe Biomphalariini.Taphius is a synonym for Biomphalaria.The shell of this species like all planorbids is sinistral in coiling but is carried upside down and thus appears to be dextral.
 Paratachardina decorella the rosette lac scale is a scale insect in the Kerriidae family.Due to the size of the Hemiptera stubs category they have been further sub-divided into suborder templates. Please use the correct stub tag for each article as listed below: For Auchenorrhyncha stubs‎ use Auchenorrhyncha-stub For Heteroptera stubs‎‎ use Heteroptera-stub For Sternorrhyncha stubs‎‎ use Sternorrhyncha-stub
 Neorossia leptodons is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean from New South Wales (32°08′S 153°07′E) to South Australia (33°58′S 131°22′E). It lives at depths from 130 to 1110 m.N. leptodons exhibits sexual dimorphism. Females grow to 77.5 mm in mantle length (ML) while males are not known to exceed 42 mm ML.The type specimen was collected in the Great Australian Bight South Australia (37°18.81′S 138°36.3′E to 37°17.76′S 138°35.01′E).
 Archaeoceratops meaning ancient horned face is a genus of basal neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous (Aptian stage) of north central China. It appears to have been bipedal and quite small (about 1 meter long) with a comparatively large head. Unlike many later ceratopsians it had no horns possessing only a small bony frill projecting from the back of its head.
 Euxoa choris is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-western Saskatchewan central Alberta and south-central Yukon south to New Mexico Arizona and California.The wingspan is 41–43 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August. There is one generation per year.
 Glyphipterix meteora is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Meyrick in 1880. It is found in eastern Australia including Queensland and Tasmania.
 Bernathonomus ovuliger is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Consort Underwing (Catocala consors) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Maine and Connecticut south to Florida and west to Texas and eastern Oklahoma.The wingspan is over 70 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Amorpha fructicosa and Carya species.
 Darling's Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus darlingi) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family found in Africa. Its natural habitats are dry savanna caves and subterranean habitats (other than caves).
 Real Delight (1949-1969) was an American Thoroughbred race horse bred by the famous Calumet Farm of Lexington Kentucky.Her sire was one of America’s foundation stallions the influential Bull Lea (sire of seven Hall of Famers including his other great daughters: Two Lea Bewitch and Twilight Tear).
 Phyllidia ocellata is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae.
 Phyllonorycter mannii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France to Croatia Hungary and Slovakia and from Bulgaria and the European part of Turkey.Phyllonorycter mannii is treated as a synonym of Phyllonorycter distentella by many authors.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine. The lower epidermis has numerous extremely fine folds.
 Nudaria margaritacea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tibet and India (Sikkim).
 Bombus ruderarius commonly known as the red-shanked carder bee or red-shanked bumblebee is a species of bumblebee found in Eurasia.
 Turbo tuberculosus is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.Some authors place this species in the subgenus Turbo (Marmarostoma).
 Palaeomolis palmeri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Buff-breasted Earthcreeper (Upucerthia validirostris) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 The Middendorff's Grasshopper Warbler (Locustella ochotensis) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.It is found in Brunei China Hong Kong Indonesia Japan South Korea Malaysia the Philippines Russia Taiwan and the United States.The common name commemorates Alexander Theodor von Middendorff (1815-1894) a German-Russian naturalist who traveled extensively in Siberia.
 A tarantula hawk is a spider wasp which hunts tarantulas as food for its larvae. Tarantula hawks belong to any of the many species in the genera Pepsis and Hemipepsis in the family Pompilidae (spider wasps).The more familiar species are up to 5 cm (2 in) long with blue-black bodies and bright rust-colored wings (other species have black wings with blue highlights) making them among the largest of wasps.
 Notocochlis tigrina is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Nebria vuillefroyi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Fargoa gibbosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gibberula belizensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Urosalpinx cinerea common name the eastern or Atlantic oyster drill is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murexes or rock snails.This species is a serious problem in commercial oyster beds and it has been accidentally introduced well outside its natural range.
 Crotaphatrema tchabalmbaboensis is a species of caecilian in the family Scolecomorphidae the tropical or African caecilians. It was discovered in 1997 on Mount Tchabal Mbabo in western Cameroon and described to science as a new species in 2000.
 The thintail skate (Dipturus leptocaudus) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Oh So Sharp (1982–2001) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Fillies' Triple Crown in 1985. In a racing carer which lasted from August 1984 until September 1985 she won seven of her nine races starting favourite on each occasion and never at odds of more than 2/1. She was one of the leading two-year-old fillies of 1984 when she as unbeaten in three races including the Fillies' Mile.
 Symmimetis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Antarches is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Borophagus (gluttonous eater) is an extinct genus of the subfamily Borophaginae a group of canids endemic to North America from the early Miocene epoch through the Zanclean stage of the Pliocene epoch 23.3—3.6 Mya. Borophagus existed for approximately 19.7 million years.
 Anthidium afghanistanicum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Lobidiopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Duerosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodilian. Remains have been found from Corrales del Vino in Zamora Spain and are middle Eocene in age (about 40 million years old). Duerosuchus is known from a single skull that is incomplete but otherwise well preserved as well as a lower jaw some osteoderms and possibly some vertebrae. Duerosuchus is a basal crocodilian thought to be closely related to brevirostrine or short snouted crocodilians such as alligatoroids.
 Opostega chalinias is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1893. It is known from Tasmania in Australia.Adults have been recorded in January.
 Thalassocyon is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ficidae the fig shells.
 Trochomorpha is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Trochomorphidae.
 Phtheochroa purissima is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Iran (the Elburz Mountains).
 Zatrephes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Euselasia is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone.
 Azaera is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Schaus in 1913.
 Risbecia is a genus of colorful sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae. In 2012 the genus Risbecia became a synonym of Hypselodoris Stimpson 1855
 Epimolis zatrephica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1913. It is found in Mexico.
 Encrinurella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now Burma. It was described by Reed in 1915 and the type species is Encrinurella insangensis which was originally described under the genus Pliomera by Reed in 1906. The type locality was the Naungkangyi Beds.
 Otites gradualis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Ulidiidae.
 Euphaedra crossei Crosse’s Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ghana and Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests at the forest-Guinea savanna boundary.
 Muraena clepsydra is a moray eel found in coral reefs from the Gulf of California to Peru and the Galapagos Islands. It is commonly known as the Hourglass moray.
 Hybos is a genus of hybotid flies.
 Apatelodes quadrata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).The wingspan is about 41 mm. The forewings are grey finely irrorated with light brown. There is a double antemedial line only visible at the inner margin and costa preceded by a white line and a large dark violaceous-brown spot on the inner margin.
 Coleophora bivittella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Asia Minor and Iran.
 The Shortfin saury Saurida argentea is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the western Pacific Ocean.
 Dysodia is a genus of moths of the Thyrididae family.
 Ancylosis is a genus of snout moth. It was described by Zeller in 1839 and is known from South Africa Uzbekistan Spain Turkmenistan Lebanon Algeria Tunisia Russia Israel Palestine Tinos Australia Seychelles Afghanistan the United States Iraq Namibia Kazakhstan Iran Mauritius Mozambique Sarepta Argentina Sri Lanka and Aden.
 Scaumenacia is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Metarhinus is a genus of brontothere endemic to North America during the Eocene living from 46.2—42 mya existing for approximately 4.2 million years.
 Gymnothorax thyrsoideus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans. It was first named by John Richardson in 1845 and is commonly known as the Greyface moray Freckled moray Slender moray or the White-eyed moray.
 Spilarctia rufofusca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1994. It is found on Sumatra.
 Niobrarateuthis is an extinct genus of large cephalopod from the Cretaceous.
 Anacrusis gutta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is about 28 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish densely strigulated and suffused with brownish. The hindwings are pale brownish tinged creamish basad.
 Parexilisia simulator is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1958. It is found in Madagascar.
 Glyphipterix stilata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The Atlantic lizardfish (Synodus saurus) is a species of lizardfish that primarily lives in the Eastern Atlantic.
 The bronze featherback (Notopterus notopterus; Bengali: ফলি Thai: ปลาสลาด ปลาฉลาด ปลาตอง) is a fish in family Notopteridae found in India Bangladesh Pakistan Indonesia and other regions of Asia. It is the only member of its genus and is likely a species complex.Young specimens are a dark bronze-like color that becomes lighter with age. This fish appears in a stamp of the Kingdom of Laos.
 Argyresthia freyella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Arkansas British Columbia Kentucky MinnesotaMississippi New York Ohio Tennessee Texas and Missouri.The wingspan is about 8–9 mm. The forewings are golden yellow mottled with silver-white. The hindwings are pale ochreous fuscous.The larvae feed on Juniperus virginiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The larvae are green.
 Sinocyclocheilus brevibarbatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Clavatula marmarina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Short-tailed Parrot (Graydidascalus brachyurus) is the only species of the genus Graydidascalus. It is found along both banks of the Amazon river and other major Amazonian rivers in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 Zygonyx regisalberti is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Orconectes limosus is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae. It is native to the east coast of North America from Maine to the lower James River Virginia but has also been introduced to Europe. It is unusual in that it lives in silty streams rather than the clear water usually preferred by crayfish. Like Pacifastacus leniusculus another invasive North American crayfish O. limosus carries crayfish plague and is a threat to native crayfish.O.
 Callichroma viridipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1879. It is known from Costa Rica Panama and Colombia.
 The Waigeo Brushturkey or Bruijn's Brushturkey (Aepypodius bruijnii) is a large (approximately 43 cm long) brownish-black megapode with a bare red facial skin red comb maroon rump and chestnut brown below. There are two elongated red wattles on the back of the head and a long wattle on the foreneck. Both sexes are similar.
 Prospective Dolly (foaled 1987 in Florida) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who is best known as a three-time winner of two stakes races. Out of the mare Dolly Deb she was sired by Prosperous a stakes winner in Japan who was a son of the very influential sire Mr. Prospector.A sprint race specialist Prospective Dolly was conditioned for racing by Canadian trainer Tony Mattine.
 Damias punctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Anatomites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 The Mexican Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa mexicana) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is found in Belize Guatemala Honduras Mexico and possibly Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eleutherodactylus thymalopsoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plectrohyla glandulosa is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Guatemala and possibly Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xerocrassa grata is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Patera is a genus of land snails in the family Polygyridae.The name is from the Latin patera (a saucer) and refers to the highly depressed saucer-like shape of the shells of these snails. In addition to flattened shells members of the group have an imperforate umbilicus and a single tooth on the parietal wall of the aperture.These snails are known only from the eastern United States.
 Discinisca is a genus of brachiopod with fossils dating back to the Early Devonian to the Pliocene of Africa Europe North America and New Zealand.
 Hemiliostraca diagues is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Pseudatemelia amparoella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Vives in 1986. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula.
 Phyllonorycter clerotoma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Ecuador.
 Leucotaenius favanii is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Acavidae.
 Timia carbonaria is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Phyllonorycter dentifera is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Central Asia southern Tajikistan and Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Populus pruinosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mines are found only the upperside of the leaf.
 Pereute is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.
 Halgerda wasinensis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Syntormon is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Meriola is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Meriola acutidens (Sakai 1969) Meriola corallina Takeda & Marumura 1997 Meriola rufomaculata Davie 1992↑
 Lithosia szetchuana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Sterneck in 1938. It is found in China.
 Colpospira runcinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Euophrys bulbus is a species of jumping spider found only in Taiwan. This is a very small spider with a total length (excluding legs) of just over 3 mm. The sparsely hairy carapace is dark brown with black margins and a black w-shaped mark about halfway along the back. The legs are dark brown with greyish-black markings.
 Stempfferia alba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of Congo.
 The Hun Shrew (Crocidura attila) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Mali Democratic Republic of the Congo and Nigeria. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Zodarion sardum is a spider species found in Sardinia.
 Feigeria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rhacophorus poecilonotus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Sironidae are a family of harvestmen with more than 30 described species.The family shows a Laurasian distribution with most species found in temperate Europe and the west coast of North America. The only exception is Suzukielus sauteri from Japan.
 Mordellistena acuticollis is a type of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1895.
 The Lesser Marbled Fritillary (Brenthis ino) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Lophiosilurus alexandri is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Pseudopimelodidae and the only species of the monotypic genus Lophiosilurus.
 Cimbrophlebia is an extinct genus of Mecoptera which existed during the Eocene period.
 Helcion concolor common name the variable limpet is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Hemifusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melongenidae the crown conches and their allies.
 Archostola martyr is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1989. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Fusceulima fulva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Kona Giant Looper Moth (Scotorythra megalophylla) was a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It was endemic to Hawaii.This species had an expanse of about three inches and was (excluding the Sphingidae) the largest endemic moth in Hawaii.
 Diasporus citrinobapheus or yellow dyer rainfrog is a frog native to the Cordillera Central of western Panama. It was first described in 2012.The specific name citrinobapheus is derived from the Greek citrinos (citrin-yellow) and bapheus (dyer) referring to the yellow body color that dyes one's fingers yellowish when the frog is handled.
 Turbo militaris common name the military turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Cylindrococcus is a genus of scale insect that induces galls on plants of the genus Allocasuarina. There are two described species of Cylindrococcus both of which occur only in Australia. The galls of adult females (10–30 mm long) look somewhat similar to the cone-like fruit of the host plant and might be mistaken for such.
 The Gladeye Bushbrown (Mycalesis patnia) is a satyrid butterfly found in southern India and Sri Lanka.
 Oreophryne frontifasciata is a species of frog of the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pleioptygma is a genus of large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Muricoidea.Pleioptygma is the type genus of the family Pleioptygmatidae and it is the sole genus in the family Pleioptygmatidae.
 The blue-eyed plec Panaque cochliodon is a herbivorous freshwater armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it occurs in the Cauca and Magdalena River basins. This species grows to a length of 30.0 centimetres (11.8 in) TL. It is closely related to the popular plecostomus catfish kept in many aquaria as an algae eater but is immediately distinguished by being dark grey to black and having bright turquoise coloured eyes. Like other species of the Panaque genus P.
 Congreve (1924-1944) was an Argentine Thoroughbred racehorse and one of the most influential sires in South America. He was a bay stallion by Copyright (GB) (by Tracery who was sired by Rock Sand) his dam Per Noi by Perrier (GB).
 Hyperoodon is a genus of beaked whale containing just two species: the northern and southern bottlenose whales.They are considered to be molluscivorous eating mainly squid.
 Pardachirus marmoratus also known as the finless sole or the Red Sea Moses sole is a small fish from the Red Sea that secretes an ichthyotoxic milky substance from the base of its dorsal and anal fins. This secretion contains pardaxin a lipophillic peptide that causes severe plasma membrane disruption resulting in cell leakage. The pardaxin containing secretion is used as a defensive mechanism against predators including sharks.
 Onchidella floridana is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Halaelurus maculosus known commonly as the Indonesian Speckled Catshark in Australia is a species of catshark in the genus Halaelurus. It is a tropical catshark found in the Pacific Ocean. It was named by W.T. White P.R. Last and J.D. Stevens in 2007. Male Halaelurus maculosus can reach a maximum length of 45.7 centimetres (18.0 in) while females can reach a maximum length of 52.8 centimetres (20.8 in). Catsharks in this species are occasionally caught by demersal fisheries.
 Neothais smithi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Boulenger's keelback or Sri Lankan keelback Xenochrophis asperrimus is a nonvenomous and common water snake endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Pyrgulina arfica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Alopecosa mariae is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa with a Palearctic distribution.
 Eogenes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Calliteara farenoides is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Queensland.The wingspan is about 40 mm for males and 60 mm for females. Females are white with a few brown lines on the forewings while males have more pronounced lines and orange hindwings.The larvae feed on Terminalia carolinensis. The larvae are dimorphic. There is a yellow form with an orange head which is covered with long yellow hairs. There is also a reddish form.
 Thalassophilus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Thalassophilus azoricus Oromi & Borges 1991 Thalassophilus breuili Jeannel 1926 Thalassophilus caecus Jeannel 1938 Thalassophilus longicornis Sturm 1825 Thalassophilus pieperi Erbar 1990 Thalassophilus subterraneus Machado 1989 Thalassophilus whitei Wollaston 1854↑
 Microsternarchus bilineatus is a species of bluntnose knifefish that is found in Brazil and Venezuela. This species can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. It is the only species in its genus.
 Torellia insignis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Agrioceros is a genus of insects in the Ethmiidae family.
 Tanaophysa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Clubiona hilaris is a sac spider species found in Europe.
 The pinktail triggerfish Melichthys vidua is a species of triggerfish from reefs in the Indo-Pacific. It is very dark green (often appears almost black) with translucent whitish-pink dorsal and tail fins. They can grow up to 40 centimetres (16 in).
 Aesernia is a genus of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family.
 Osteodontornis is an extinct seabird genus. It contains a single named species Osteodontornis orri (Orr's Bony-toothed Bird in literal translation of its scientific name) which was described quite exactly one century after the first species of the Pelagornithidae (Pelagornis miocaenus) was. O.
 Gymnothorax fuscomaculatus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans. It was first named by Schultz in 1953 and is commonly known as the Brown spotted moray or the Freckled moray.
 Palaeoloxodon is an extinct genus of elephants containing the various species of straight-tusked elephant. Its species' remains have been found in Bilzingsleben Germany; Cyprus; Japan; Sicily; Malta; and in England during the excavation of the second Channel Tunnel. The English discovery in 2006 in northwest Kent dated c. 400000 ybp was of a single adult; associated with it were Palaeolithic stone butchering tools of the type used by Homo heidelbergensis.
 Machaeropalpus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eupithecia honesta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (the mountains along the border between Tibet and Yunnan).The wingspan is about 19–22 mm. The forewings are pale orange brown and the hindwings are white.
 Puntius puntio is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in India Bangladesh and Burma.
 Platarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Eressa affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1877. It is found on the Andamans.
 Inape polysparta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Dicrotendipes is a worldwide genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Hemonia schistaceoalba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found in New Guinea.
 Kuhlia mugil the barred flagtail or the five-bar flagtail is a species of flagtail belonging to the family Kuhliidae.
 Protrigonia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Medetera is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Yarengia is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Besciva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The white-lined leaf frog (Phyllomedusa vaillantii) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps rivers and freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Friginatica amphiala is a species of small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae.
 Dysmachus trigonus the fan-bristled robberfly is a species of robber fly (family Asilidae). It preys on other insects in flight.
 Micromyrus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
 The pygmy slow loris (Nycticebus pygmaeus) is a species of slow loris found east of the Mekong River in Vietnam Laos eastern Cambodia and China. It occurs in a variety of forest habitats including tropical dry forests semi-evergreen and evergreen forests. The animal is nocturnal and arboreal crawling along branches using slow movements in search of prey. Unlike other primates it does not leap. It lives together in small groups usually with one or two offspring.
 Jocara oediperalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Panama and South America.
 Marginella joanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Loxophlebia asmodeus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Lophocampa endolobata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil.
 Albericus swanhildae is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Xestia lorezi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in northern Europe and the Alps. Subspecies lorezi is found in the Alps on altitudes between 1700 and 2500 meters. Subspecies kongsvoldensis is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia. Outside of Europe there are four more subspecies ssp. sajana in the Sayan Mountains ssp. katuna in the Altai mountains ssp. monotona in Yakutia and ssp. ogilviana in Yukon and Alaska.The wingspan of ssp. lorezi is 38–41 mm.
 Trichura coarctata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Drury in 1773. It is found in Brazil (Para Pernambuco).
 Artelida crinipes is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed on island of Madagascar.
 Speke's Weaver (Ploceus spekei) is a familiar East African songbird.The eyes are pale and the bill is on the large side for a weaver. Unlike many weavers it has the same plumage all year. The adult male is yellow with black throat (edged rusty) face and bill and variable black mottling on the back. The adult female's upperparts are dull olive-gray with dusky brown streaks; the underparts are pale yellow whiter on the belly and grayer on the flanks.
 The blackbanded darter (Percina nigrofasciata) is a small freshwater fish belonging to the Percina genus in the Percidae family.
 Orthogonius pollinctor is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Basilewsky in 1948.
 Berthelinia schlumbergeri is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.
 Arctonasua is an extinct genus of raccoon-like procyonid of the Miocene endemic to North America living from ~17.3—8.4 Mya existing for approximately 8.9 million years.Procyonidae includes the raccoons coatis kinkajous olingos ringtails and cacomistles. Procyonids inhabit a wide range of environments and are generally omnivorous.
 The rice stink bug Oebalus pugnax is a flying insect in the shield bug family Pentatomidae native to North America that has become a major agricultural pest in the Southern United States. It has been a known pest since at least the time of Johan Christian Fabricius who described the species in 1775.
 Leptotyphlops australis or the Freiberg's blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Acronyctodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Diplomystus is an extinct genus of freshwater non-clupeoid clupeomorph fish distantly related to modern-day extant herrings alewives and sardines. The genus was first named and described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1877. There are seven species of Diplomystus: D. dentatus (Cope 1877) D. birdii D. dubetreiti D. shengliensis (Chang 1983) D. kokuraensis (Uyeno 1979) D. primotinus (Uyeno 1979) and D. altiformis. D.
 Agrotis daedalus is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found throughout the Great Plains from west Texas New Mexico and Arizona west to northern Nevada north to southern Alberta and south central Saskatchewan.The wingspan is about 38 mm. Adults are on wing in early spring. There is one generation per year.
 Meridarchis caementaria is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1911. It is found on the Seychelles.
 Amyna amplificans is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found from Guatemala and Costa Rica and Venezuela. A single specimen was collected in the Huachuca Mountains in south-eastern Arizona.
 The Tongaland cannibal snail scientific name Natalina wesseliana is a species of medium-sized predatory air-breathing land snail carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae. This species is endemic to South Africa and is named after the natural region of Tongaland. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sinployea canalis was a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to the Cook Islands; it is now extinct.
 Cephetola kiellandi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
 The rudis rattail Coryphaenoides rudis is a fish of the family Macrouridae found around the world in tropical and subtropical oceans at depths between 600 and 2300 m. Its length is between 30 and 40 cm although FishBase gives lengths of up to 1.1 m.
 The Spangled Coquette Coquette Pailletée Coqueta Coronada or Coqueta Lentejuelada (Lophornis stictolophus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Rachoviscus is a genus of characins endemic to Brazil with two currently recognized species: Rachoviscus crassiceps G. S. Myers 1926 Rachoviscus graciliceps S. H. Weitzman & da Cruz 1981↑
 Duplicaria duplicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Lambula bilineata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is widely distributed in New Guinea following the Central Mountain Range and other high mountain ridges.
 The Magnolia root borer (Euzophera magnolialis) is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Capps in 1964. It is found in the southern United States.The wingspan is 34-41 mm. The forewings are long and narrow. They are maroon with a gray median area. The hindwings are shiny grayish.The larvae feed on Magnolia grandiflora. The larvae bore the roots of their host plant.
 Amphidromus perversus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.Amphidromus perversus is the type species of the genus Amphidromus by the subsequent designation of Eduard von Martens (1860).
 Mangelia taeniata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Cirriformia tentaculata is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Cirratulidae.
 Mirificarma rhodoptera is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Romania Greece Turkey Israel and Lebanon.The wingspan is 5-7.5 mm for males and 5.5–7 mm for females. There are two forms a small and large form. The head is mid brown. The forewings are mottled light brown very faintly pink-tinged and dark brown. Adults of the typical form have been found in June and July those of the small form in May and June.
 Syllepte leonalis is a moth in the Crambidae family that is found in Sierra Leone.
 Oecura is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Orthogonius insularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 Watsonichthyes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.
 Thalassoma newtoni is a species of wrasse endemic to the waters around São Tomé and Príncipe where it inhabits of rocky reefs at depths around 40 m (130 ft).
 Rhinophis fergusonianus commonly known as the Cardamom Hills earth snake is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India.
 Dendrophilia mediofasciana is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Park in 1991. It is found in Russia (Primorskii krai) Korea and Japan (Honshu).The larvae feed on Lespedeza bicolor.
 Battus philenor hirsuta the California pipevine swallowtail or hairy pipevine swallowtail is a subspecies of the pipevine swallowtail that is endemic to Northern California. Populations are found throughout the Sacramento Valley and outside of the valley in Contra Costa and Alameda Counties. The butterfly is black with hind wings that have iridescent green-blue coloring above and a row of red spots below; the caterpillars are black with fleshy protrusions and red spots.
 Afurcagobius is a small genus of gobies endemic to Australia.
 Coleophora statherota is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the central mountainous area of Sri Lanka.The wingspan is 18–20 millimetres (0.71–0.79 in). The head is whitish-ochreous although the sides of the crown are whitish. The palpi is grey although it is white towards the base beneath. The antennae are whitish faintly and suffusedly ringed with fuscous. The basal joint is shortly rough-scaled anteriorly. The thorax is white and the abdomen is whitish-grey.
 Melinoessa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Endotricha vinolentalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from the Ivory Coast Gambia Cameroons Sierra Leone Ghana and Kenya.
 Hapalomantis minima is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hapalomantis. This mantis is native to Africa but according to a 1998 paper it must be deleted from the list of the Mantodea known from Angola.
 Phyllonemus filinemus is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Lake Tanganyika on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania Burundi and Zambia. It grows to a length of 8.7 cm (3.4 inches) TL.
 Polyommatus artvinensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Carbonell in 1997. It is found in Turkey where it is only known from the north-eastern Pontic chain in the provinces of Erzurum and Artvin.The length of the forewings is 13.5–16 mm. The upperside ground-colour is purplish violet. The underside ground-colour is warm greyish brown without any or at most a vestigial blue-green basal suffusion.
 Eois cobardata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Neritina tiassalensis is a species of small freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.
 One Man (1988-3 April 1998) was an Irish-bred National Hunt steeplechase racehorse sired by Remainder Man out of the mare Steal On. The popular grey won 20 of 35 races including the Queen Mother Champion Chase in 1998. He was trained by the late Gordon W. Richards and owned by John Hales. Renowned for his jumping ability and high cruising speed he was nicknamed his little bouncing ball by Richards and was adopted by many as the new Desert Orchid.
 Mangelia indistincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Eremiaphila monodi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 Eremiaphila kheych is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt.
 Ascalenia pulverata is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Chrysoclystis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pyxiloricaria menezesi is the only species of the monotypic genus Pyxiloricaria a genus of the family Loricariidae of catfish (order Siluriformes).This species is endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraguay River drainage. P. menezesi inhabits sandy substrates and is sympatric with representatives of the genus Pseudohemiodon.P. menezesi reaches a length of 14.0 centimetres (5.5 in) SL.
 Eupithecia pseudocastigata is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in Asia Minor.
 Parathemis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Chela cachius a danionin known as the neon hatchet fish is one of the plainest members of the Chela genus and is rarely kept by aquarists. Its name comes from the colours that reflect off it in sunlight but out of the glare of the sun it is a plain silver fish. Barbels are not present. Endemic in South Asia it is found in Pakistan India Bangladesh and Myanmar. Like most danionins this fish has a tendency to jump.
 Threskiornis is a genus of ibises wading birds of the family Threskiornithidae. They occur in the warmer parts of the Old World in southern Asia Australasia and sub-Saharan Africa. They are colonial breeders which build a stick nest in a tree or bush and lay 2-4 eggs. They occur in marshy wetlands and feed on various fish frogs crustaceans and insects.
 Favonius taxila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East north-eastern China Korea and Japan.
 Calliostoma formosense common name the Formosa top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae. Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Benthastelena)
 Picardia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Transtillaspis quatrocornuta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is greyish cream with a brownish admixture and suffusions. The dots and strigulae are brownish grey and brown. The hindwings are whitish cream somewhat tinged with grey and with grey strigulae.
 Achaea indeterminata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa and Swaziland.
 Lemyra pilosoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Yunnan Sichuan).
 Episcepsis lamia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found in the Amazon region Guatemala and Costa Rica.
 The sycamore (Acronicta aceris) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed through most of Europe from central England south to Morocco. To the east it is found from the Near East and Middle East to West Asia.The forewings of this species are pale to dark grey with rather indistinct markings apart from a thin black basal streak. The hindwings are white sometimes with dark streaks at the margin. The wingspan is 40–45 mm.
 Arthroleptis adolfifriederici is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phorocerosoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Coenagriocnemis insulare is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is endemic to Mauritius. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Golden-rod Pug (Eupithecia virgaureata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout the Palearctic region and the Near East. In the British Isles it is widespread but rather locally distributed.The forewings are brown darker along the costa and are marked with distinctive pale fascia and a whitish tornal spot. Melanic forms are quite frequent. The wingspan is 17–20 mm.
 Carabus exiguus nivium is a black-coloured subspecies of ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan China.
 Bombyx incomposita is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1929. It is found on Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland rainforests.
 Cynoglossus quadrilineatus the Fourlined tonguesole is a species of tonguefish native to the Indian Ocean from Pakistan to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs from Japan to northern Australia. It can be found in marine and brackish waters (entering fresh waters in the tidal zone of the Mekong River) in estuaries and coastal waters out to the continental shelf at depths of from 10 to 400 metres (33 to 1312 ft).
 Brevipalpus is a genus of mites in the family Tenuipalpidae the flat mites. The genus includes several species that are among the most important economic pests in the flat mite family.Some Brevipalpus species are made up mostly of female individuals that reproduce via thelytoky producing offspring without fertilization.
 Rhagastis lunata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal north-eastern India Thailand south-western China and Vietnam.The wingspan is 72-86 mm. The antenna are longer and thicker than in all other Rhagastis species except Rhagastis gloriosa (from which it differs in the lack of dark red bands on the forewing upperside the apical black scaling being confined to the distal segments).
 Paroedura masobe is an endangered species of reptile. This species is endemic to Madagascar where it is known from low elevation sites in the north of the Zahamena-Ankeniheny Corridor. The extent of occurrence is currently 410 km2 (160 sq mi) however due to the scarcity of suitable habitat between the known sites its true distributional extent within this area is likely to be below 100 square kilometres (39 sq mi). It occurs from 300 to 600 metres (980 to 1970 ft).
 The Great Duffer Discophora timora Westwood 1850 is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Coryndon's Polyptychus (Polyptychus andosa) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from eastern and western Africa.The length of the forewings is 26–29 mm for males and about 30 mm for females. The forewings and body of the female are cinnamon brown with indistinct markings.The larvae feed on Morus and Parinare species.
 Homodotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Lewis's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys lewisi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is endemic to Bolivia.
 Venjukovia is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid from the Middle Permian of Russia.
 Pyrausta posticalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found in Madagascar.It has a wingspan of 24–27 mm.
 Thyriscus anoplus is a species of sculpin native to the northern Pacific Ocean. It can be found at depths of from 100 to 800 metres (330 to 2620 ft) though usually in the range of 300 to 400 metres (980 to 1310 ft). This species grows to a length of 14.5 centimetres (5.7 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Lepidogma melanobasis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidogma. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Japan Taiwan and China.The wingspan is 18–21 mm.
 The Litchi Fruit Borer or the Litchi stem-end Borer (Conopomorpha sinensis) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is present in China (Hainan Fujian Hong Kong and Guangdong) India Nepal Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam.The larvae feed on Dimocarpus longan Litchi chinensis Nephelium longana and Theobroma cacao. They feed on the fruit and the shoots of their host plant. It is considered a serious pest of Litchi fruit.
 Orphilinae is a subfamily of beetles that includes only 2 genera: Orphilodes and Orphilus. It was described by John Lawrence LeConte in 1861.
 Marginella stuarti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 For other fish called bass see bass (fish).The European seabass Dicentrarchus labrax is a primarily ocean-going fish that sometimes enters brackish and fresh waters. It is also known as the sea dace. Highly regarded as a table fish it is often marketed as Mediterranean seabass loup de mer robalo lubina spigola branzino branzini bronzino or bronzini.
 Rhombodera handschini is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera. It is native to Asia.
 Pachyiulus cattarensis is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Bulgaria Greece and all states of former Yugoslavia (except Slovenia).
 The Nyanza barb (Barbus nyanzae) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and inland deltas. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Chilo sacchariphagus (spotted borer) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is originally found in South and South-East Asia where there are three subspecies: C.sacchariphagus sacchariphagus in Malaysia Indonesia Indian Ocean. C. sacchariphagus indicus in India.
 †Partulina montagui was a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Acroceuthes leucozancla is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.
 Guptaiella is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Conus sulcocastaneus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Tuliptree Silkmoth or Giant Silkmoth (Callosamia angulifera) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from Massachusetts east through central New York southern Ontario and southern Michigan to central Illinois south to the Florida panhandle and Mississippi.The wingspan is 80–110 mm.
 Rhamphophryne festae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phyllonorycter amseli is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Croatia and Montenegro.The larvae feed on Quercus polycarpa and Quercus pubesecens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine.
 Dermanyssoidea is a superfamily of mites including most of the mites which parasitise vertebrates. It contains 21 families:
 Cynarctoides harlowi is an extinct species of Cynarctoides belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini a canid which inhabited west central North America during the Late Oligocene to Miocene epoch living 24.8—20.6 mya and existed for approximately 4.2 million years.
 The Amazonian Pygmy Owl (Glaucidium hardyi) is an owl found in northern South America and northern Brazil in the center of the Amazon Basin and in Venezuela and the Guianas. In the southwest of the basin bordering the Andes cordillera the species is found in Peru and Bolivia. In the Guyanas the range is bifurcated as the species is not found in the middle country of Suriname.
 Pristotis is a genus of fish in the family Pomacentridae.
 Mesoptila murcida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Java. The habitat consists of montane areas.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is grey-brown with four dark costal spots. The hindwings are the same colour as the forewings with darker shading between the anal margin and the discal cell.
 Pseudocotalpa is a genus of beetle in family Scarabaeidae. It contains the following species: Pseudocotalpa giulianii
 Sarbia is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.
 Hoplophanes aglaodora is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 The blackish grass mouse Thaptomys nigrita also formerly called the ebony akodont is a rodent species from South America. It is found in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. It is the only species in the genus Thaptomys.
 Pavetta is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It comprises about 350 species of trees evergreen shrubs and sub-shrubs. It is found in woodlands grasslands and thickets in sub-tropical and tropical Africa and Asia. The plants are cultivated for their simple but variable leaves usually opposite but also occur in triple whorls. The leaves are often membranous with dark bacterial nodules.
 Stenotus binotatus is a species of plant bug originally from Europe but now also established across North America and New Zealand. It is 6–7 mm (0.24–0.28 in) long yellowish with darker markings on the pronotum and forewings. It feeds on various grasses and can be a pest of crops such as wheat.
 Brachypareion is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.
 Qingmenodus is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish. Fossils of Qingmenodus were found in China and date back to the Early Devonian period. Qingmenodus reveals the first well-ossified otoccipital braincase in onychodonts. Palaeontologists believe that Qingmenodus was one of the oldest onychodont fish.
 Cochranella spiculata is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trophon emilyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Neotalus portai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Neotalus.
 Viviennea moma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Guyana French Guiana Brazil Venezuela Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 Padenodes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Pale Orange Underwing (Boudinotiana puella) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in isolated populations in central Europe ranging to southern Russia in the east.The wingspan is 29–34 mm for males and 27–30 mm for females. Adults are on wing from February to April in one generation per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of Populus species especially Populus tremula. The larvae can be found from May to June. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 Glyphipterix mesaula is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in South Australia.
 The West Indian Ocean coelacanth (Latimeria chalumnae) sometimes known as the African coelacanth is one of two extant species of coelacanth a rare order of vertebrates more closely related to lungfish reptiles and mammals than to the common ray-finned fishes. It has a vivid blue pigment and is the better known of the two extant species. The species has been assessed as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List.
 Phalonidia ochraceana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Heringia latitarsis is a European species of hoverfly.
 Vert Amande (foaled 1988 in France) is an Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by Baron Guy de Rothschild at his Haras de Meautry in Lower Normandy he was purchased and raced by the prominent Spanish industrialist Enrique Sarasola.Vert Amande was a winner of the 1992 Prix d'Hedouville and the Prix Maurice de Nieuil. In 1993 he won France's Prix Ganay at the Longchamp Racecourse and Spain's Group 3 Gran Premio Memorial Duque de Toledo at the Hipodromo de la Zarzuela in Madrid.
 Cochylimorpha razowskiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Beijing Gansu Hebei Henan Ningxia Qinghai Shanxi Shaanxi) and Russia.
 Choaspes plateni commonly known as the Branded Awlking is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae which is found in Asia.
 Latridiinae is a subfamily of tiny little-known beetles in the family Latridiidae.
 Zodia is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.
 Aphanius anatoliae is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Turkey. Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes and freshwater spring. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The zebra mussel (Dreissena polymorpha) is a small freshwater mussel. This species was originally native to the lakes of southern Russia being first described in 1769 by a German zoologist Peter Simon Pallas in the Ural Volga and Dnieper rivers. They are still found nearby as Pontic (Black Sea) and Caspian (Caspian Sea) species.
 Latiromitra okinavensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Calliotropis coopertorium is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Stigmella racemifera is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from the Pacific Coast in the Oaxaca region of Mexico.The habitat consists of secondary forests.Adults are on wing from November to December.
 The butterflyfishes are a group of conspicuous tropical marine fish of the family Chaetodontidae; the bannerfishes and coralfishes are also included in this group. The approximately 120 species in 10 genera are found mostly on the reefs of the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans. A number of species pairs occur in the Indian and Pacific Oceans members of the huge genus Chaetodon.
 The Cave Swiftlet (Collocalia linchi) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. It is a woodland species and nests in caves.
 Amata pseudextensa is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found on Borneo.
 The Angle-lined Prominent Moth Many-lined Prominent or Poplar Tentmaker (Clostera inclusa) is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in North America including Arkansas Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois New Hampshire New York North Carolina Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania South Carolina and Virginia.The wingspan is 25–32 mm. Adults are greyish brown with a tuft of brown hairs on the thorax.The larvae feed on various Salicaceae species. They are gregarious.
 Aspidites is a genus of pythons endemic to Australia. The name can be translated as shield bearer and pertains to the symmetrically shaped head scales. Currently two species are recognized.
 Phricanthes diaphorus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Eupithecia discipuncta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Coptotriche discreta is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Braun in 1972. It is found in California (Santa Cruz Island).The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia Quercus chrysolepis Quercus suber and Quercus wislizenii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Tonna ampullacea is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Common names: Cuban dusky dwarf boa.Tropidophis fuscus is a non-venomous dwarf boa species found in Cuba. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Periscelididae is a family of flies.
 Conus longurionis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Taranis columbella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Lophocampa fasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil and on Cuba.
 Gestroania is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Gestroania amplipennis (Gestro 1875) Gestroania froggatti Macleay 1888 Gestroania setipennis Baehr 2005 Gestroania storeyi Baehr 2005↑
 Ibacus is a genus of slipper lobsters including commercially important species such as the Balmain bug Ibacus peronii.
 Abantiades hydrographus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.
 Smallhead stickleback (Gasterosteus microcephalus) is a fish species which weidespread in the basin of the Pacific Ocean: Japan also Mexico. Freshwater demersal fish up to 5.5 cm length. Habits small streams where feeds on aquatic insects and other invertebrates.
 Vatellus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Vatellus amae K.B.Miller 2005 Vatellus annae K.B.Miller 2005 Vatellus bifenestratus (Zimmermann 1921) Vatellus drymetes K.B.Miller 2005 Vatellus grandis Buquet 1840 Vatellus haagi Wehncke 1876 Vatellus lateralis (Sharp 1882) Vatellus maculosus K.B.Miller 2005 Vatellus mexicanus (Sharp 1882) Vatellus perforatus (Guignot 1955) Vatellus pilacaudus K.B.Miller 2005 Vatellus sahlbergi (Sharp 1882) Vatellus tarsatus (Laporte 1835) Vatellus ventralis (Sharp 1882) Vatellus wheeleri K.B.Miller 2005↑
 Zemitrella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Nebria speiseri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in all states of former Yugoslavia except for Croatia Macedonia and Slovenia.
 The differential grasshopper (Melanoplus differentialis) is a species of grasshopper belonging to the genus Melanoplus found throughout northern Mexico central United States and southern Ontario Canada. It is considered a pest in most of its range.
 The Eurasian Sunflower Moth (Homoeosoma nebulella) is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Europe Russia Anatolia the Middle East and West Africa. The wingspan is 20–27 mm.The larvae feed on Asteraceae such as Cirsium vulgare Senecio jacobaea Tanacetum vulgare and Leucanthemum vulgare. They are a serious pest of the sunflower Helianthus annuus in eastern Europe and the Ukraine and a potential sunflower pest in France.
 Aberoptus is a genus of mites belonging to the family Eriophyidae. These tiny mites flattened in shape live beneath the waxy layer on the underside of the leaves of certain plants.
 The Cyproniscidae are a family of marine isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida. The original description was made by Bonnier in 1900. Members of this family are parasitic on other isopods.The family contains these genera and species:Cyproniscus Kossmann 1884Cyproniscus crossophori Stebbing 1901Cyproniscus cypridinae (G.O.
 Hyponerita lavinia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Guyana and Bolivia.
 Sparta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Banded Supple Skink (Lygosoma haroldyoungi) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.This species is distributed in northern central and eastern Thailand and neighbouring Laos (Moravej and Böhme 2008). In Thailand it has been found in the provinces of Chachoengsao Chaiyaphum Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Nong Khai Phetchabun Phitsanulok Nakhon Ratchasima and Loei.
 Coleophora xanthoargentea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Paradrina is a subgenus of moths of the Caradrina genus of the Noctuidae family. Some authors consider it a valid genus in itself.
 Geomalacus anguiformis is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Arionidae the round back slugs.
 The Half-Yellow or Yellow-cloaked Midget (Ponometia semiflava) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New York and New England to Florida west to Arizona north to British Columbia and Manitoba.The habitat consists of dry open areas such as sandy prairie old beaches and dunes.The wingspan is 14–24 mm. Adults are nocturnal and are on wing from March to August in the south and June to July in the north.
 Hyalopecten is a genus of marine bivalve mollusks.The placement of the genus Hyalopecten is currently uncertain. Habe included Hyalopecten within the subfamily Camptonectinae. However Hyalopecten lacks antimarginal microsculpture which is a key characteristic of Camptonectinae. Some authors consider Ciclopecten Seguenza 1877 to be a senior synonym however Ciclopecten has antimarginal microsculpture.
 Trisulopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Callistus lunatus is a species of ground beetle and the only species of the monotypic genus Callistus.
 Stauroteuthis gilchristi is a species of small pelagic octopus found at great depths in the south Atlantic Ocean. It is believed to be one of a very small number of octopuses to exhibit bioluminescence like its sister taxon Stauroteuthis syrtensis.
 Wainuia edwardi is a rare terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae endemic to the South Island of New Zealand.
 The Anthicidae are a family of beetles that resemble ants. They are sometimes called ant-like flower beetles or ant-like beetles. The family comprises over 3000 species in about 100 genera.
 Cyclophora subrosea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Seram.
 Hadrothemis scabrifrons is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Kenya Malawi Mozambique Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Analgoidea are a superfamily of the Acarina (mite) order Sarcoptiformes. They contain many feather mites being ectoparasites of birds and occasionally mammals.
 Colburn's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys colburni) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. It is known only from Argentina.
 Brusqeulia caracagena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white in the terminal third of the wing indistinctly mixed with pinkish. The markings are black. The hindwings are brownish grey.
 Glyphostoma is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Clathurellidae.
 Limax flavus (syn. Limacus flavus) known commonly as the yellow slug or tawny garden slug is a medium to large species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.
 Glyphipterix holodesma is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1882. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 Baylisascaris procyonis is a roundworm nematode found ubiquitously in raccoons its larvae migrating in the intermediate hosts causing visceral larva migrans (VLM). Baylisascariasis as the zoonotic infection of humans is rare though extremely dangerous due to the ability of the parasite's larvae to migrate into brain tissue and cause damage.
 Eleutherodactylus renjiforum is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ascute asconoides is a marine species of calcareous sponge from Australia.
 Megatylopus is an extinct and large genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America from the Miocene through Late Pliocene—Early Pleistocene boundary 13.6—1.8 mya existing for approximately 11.8 million years.
 The Collared Bush Robin (Tarsiger johnstoniae) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Taiwan.
 Pygarctia roseicapitis the Red-headed Pygarctia Moth is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumoegen and Dyar in 1893. It is found in Mexico and from southern Arizona to Texas.The length of the forewings is 14–17 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September.The larvae feed on various Euphorbiaceae species including Chamaesyce hyssopifolia. Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 30 mm.
 Achrioptera fallax is a stick insect species found in Madagascar.Phasmids have some of the same characteristics as many other Orthopteroids such as: the tarsus and mouthparts. The mouthpart consists of the basic: labrum clypeus labium maxillae mandible and labial palp. The tarsi of most Othopteroids usually consists five tarsal segments. (The number of segments may vary depending on the species...)
 Achatina fulica is a species of land snail in the family Achatinidae known commonly as the giant African snail or giant African land snail. It thrives in many types of habitat in areas with mild climates it feeds voraciously and vectors plant pathogens causing severe damage to agricultural crops and native plants it competes with native snail taxa it is a nuisance pest of urban areas and it spreads human disease. It is listed as one of the top 100 invasive species in the world.
 Nabis brevis is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Lexington (March 17 1850 – July 1 1875) was a United States Thoroughbred race horse who won six of his seven race starts. Perhaps his greatest fame came however as the most successful sire of the second half of the nineteenth century; he was the leading sire in North America 16 times and of his many brood mare and racer progeny one was Preakness namesake of the famous race at Pimlico.He was a bay colt bred by Dr.
 Scaptius neritosia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jones in 1908. It is found in Brazil.
 Rheopelopia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Perplexhadena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Starksia sluiteri the Chessboard blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean along the coast of Brazil including Atol das Rocas and St. Paul's Rocks. This species is an inhabitant of reefs where it prefers areas with rubble or crevices in which to hide. It can be found at depths of from 5 to 40 metres (16 to 131 ft). This species can reach a length of 2.8 centimetres (1.1 in) SL.
 Antarctiola is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Antarctiola amaroides (Motschulsky 1866) Antarctiola laevigata (Putzeys 1875) Antarctiola laevis Straneo 1951 Antarctiola motschulskyi (Csiki 1931)↑
 Carabus alexandrae cratocephaloides is a subspecies of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Gansu China. The females of the subspecies are on average approximately 28 millimetres (1.1 in) long.
 Aethalochroa insignis common name Indian Stick Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of A. ashmoliana.
 Schistura vinciguerrae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Symphygas is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Eucereon nebulosum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1891. It is found in Ecuador.
 Parornix ermolaevi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Corylus heterophylla. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Dextellia is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Heterogymna pardalota is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1922. It is found in India (Assam).
 Hecatera cappa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Morocco Algeria central and south-eastern Europe Turkey Transcaucasia Israel Lebanon Jordan Iran and central Asia.Adults are on wing from April to May in Israel and at the beginning and end of summer in central Europe. There is one generation per year in Israel. In Europe there are two generations.The larvae feed on the flowers and seeds of Scropulariae and Delphinium species.
 Clinus helenae the Helen's klipfish is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean around South Africa where it is a denizen of tide pools. This species can reach a maximum length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 Telmatobius chusmisensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is endemic to Chile.
 Hyperphara junctura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Colombia.
 Adapoides is an extinct genus of Adapidae primate dating to the Middle Eocene in Asia. It is represented by one species Adapoides troglodytes.
 Neptis amieti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Phrynobatrachus uzungwensis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prodontia dimidiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Prodontia.
 Northern Marble (Euchloe creusa) is a species of butterfly that occurs in northern North America.It is mostly white with black markings on the topside of the forewing tips and body. The underside has greenish-grey veins especially in the hindwing.Wing span is from 24 to 36 mm.Flight season in North America is from late May to mid-July.Larvae on Draba and Cruciferae.
 Leona leonora the White-spotted Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Clouded Skipper (Lerema accius) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the United States from Georgia west to Texas south to Florida and south through Mexico and Central America to Venezuela and Colombia.The wingspan is 32–45 mm. Adults are on wing year round in Florida and southern Texas.The larvae feed on various grasses including Stenotaphrum secundatum Erianthus alopecturoides and Echinochloa povietianum.
 Amniscus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Amniscus assimilis (Gahan 1895) Amniscus praemorsus (Fabricius 1792) Amniscus similis (Gahan 1895)↑
 Utriculofera muricolor is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913.
 Pseudagrion torridum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Egypt Ethiopia Ghana Guinea Kenya Mali Nigeria Senegal Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.
 Eopsettinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family.
 Pseudohemiodon amazonus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the lower Amazon basin. This species grows to a length of 9.2 centimetres (3.6 in) SL.
 The black-bellied fruit bat (Melonycteris melanops) is a species of bat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. During daytime this tiny flying fox roosts usually among dry banana leaves a perfect camouflage given its orange brown black and white belly fur pattern. Males are resource defenders; in gardens they try to monopolize banana flowers within a territory.
 Murgisca is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1863.
 Scea torrida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in South America including and possibly limited to Ecuador.
 Mordellistena pilosa is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Champion in 1891.
 The Blue-fronted Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis hoevelli) also known as the Blue-fronted Flycatcher is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Common Brown (Heteronympha merope) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family endemic to the southern half of Australia. The wingspan is about 60 millimetres (2.4 in) for males and 70 mm (2.8 in) for females.The larvae feed on Poaceae species including Brachypodium distachyon Cynodon dactylon Ehrharta erecta Poa poiformis Microlaena stipoides Poa tenera and Themeda triandra.
 The Ethiopian big-eared bat (Plecotus balensis) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. It can be found in the following countries: possibly Eritrea and Ethiopia. It is found in these habitats: subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Systenocentrus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Asyndetus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Haemanota flavipurpurea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Eulepidotis mustela is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Mexico.
 Leptostylus gnomus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Hoffmann in 1981.
 Bassozetus is a genus of cusk-eels.
 Hilarographa celebesiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sulawesi.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The costal area of the forewings is orange rust. The lines are orange but more yellow towards the base. The hindwings are dark brown with yellowish white in males and yellowish orange extending into the anal field in females.
 Euchromia amboinica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found on Ambon Island.
 The California halibut or California flounder Paralichthys californicus is a large-tooth flounder native to the waters of the Pacific Coast of North America from the Quillayute River in Washington to Magdalena Bay in Baja California. It feeds near shore and is free swimming. It typically weighs 6 to 50 pounds (3 to 23 kg).
 Rogeria is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Adoxophyes aniara is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Enchytraeus buchholzi (also known as Whiteworms or Grindal worm) are cultured by aquarists as a fish food. Whiteworms are a popular forms of live food cultured by aquarists. They are used for conditioning tropical fish before spawning or for young fast growing fish.
 Leallah (foaled February 7 1954 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse won seven of her eight starts in her first year of racing and was voted the 1956 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly by Daily Racing Form and Turf & Sports Digest.
 Stigmella rhynchosiella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Vári in 1955. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Rhynchosia nitens. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Brachydectes is an extinct genus of lysorophian amphibian that lived from the Carboniferous. It had a very small head (skull length about 1.7 cm) and an elongated body up to 43 cm long.
 Agdistis sabokyi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Turkey (including the Ankara Province). The habitat consists of heavily grazed short-grass steppe mainly on volcanic rock with Artemisia Amygdalus Stipa and other grass species.The wingspan is about 28 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown-greyish with three brown dots on the costa. The hindwings are light brown-greyish Adults have been recorded in May.
 The Mandarin Duck (Aix galericulata) or just Mandarin is a medium-sized East Asian perching duck closely related to the North American Wood Duck. It is 41–49 cm long with a 65–75 cm wingspan.
 Hadrobregmus pertinax is a species of woodboring beetle within the genus Hadrobregmus of the family Anobiidae. The adult is black with yellow hairs at the back corners of its head and is 4-5 mm long. The larva is white about 5 mm long and lives in decaying wood. The larval stage lasts many years.
 Phlaocyon annectens is an extinct species of the genus Phlaocyon belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini a canid endemic to central and western North America from the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene living 24.6—20.8 mya and existed for approximately 4.2 million years.
 The Lyssomaninae are a subfamily of jumping spiders with eight described genera.The Lyssomaninae are not part of the Salticoida to which over 90% of all salticid species belong.Six of these genera occur only in the Old World: Asemonea O.
 Stigmella acerna is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Acer species.
 Aoraia aurimaculata is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is found along the Southern Alps and western Fiordland in cool temperate to subalpine forests and lower penalpine shrubland.The wingspan is 62–67 mm for males and 85–94 mm for females. Adults are on wing from February to May.
 Scarites buparius is a species of beetles belonging to the family Carabidae.
 Stenaspilatodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Andraca stueningi is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in Vietnam.
 Coleocornutia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1961 and contains the species C. shirazella. It is found in Iran.
 Labeo reidi is a species of fish in the genus Labeo.It is known only from the Upper Congo River (Kisangani and Yangambi) in Africa.
 Inape clarkeana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Colombia.The wingspan is 11 millimetres (0.43 in). The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellow beige the distal half with a pale brown patch. There is a darker patch at the wing base. The hindwings are pale yellow with beige marbling.
 Symmocoides don is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain and Portugal.
 Pachyodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Peristernia striata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Accuminulia buscki is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile. The species was first recorded as an interception at the port of New York in a shipment of grapes from Chile.The length of the forewings is 6.5-8 mm for males and 6-7 mm for females. The forewings are whitish tan with irregular grey brown and cream overscaling and irrorations. The hindwings are dingy white with pale grey overscal ing and mottling.
 Cryphioxena notosema is a moth of the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Gray Woodgrain (Morrisonia mucens) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from coastal Massachusetts south to Florida and west to Texas.The wingspan is about 29 mm. There is one generation per year.Larvae have been reared on Quercus nigra.
 Protesilaus telesilaus is a species of butterfly of the genus Protesilaus. It is native to the Americas.
 Holothuria is a genus of marine animals of the family Holothuriidae. Members of the genus are found in coastal waters in tropical and temperate regions. They are soft bodied limbless invertebrates that dwell on the ocean floor. They resemble a cucumber in form.The genus contains some species that are harvested for food and sold as sea cucumber.
 The Maroon-chested Ground Dove (Claravis mondetoura) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Bolivia Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Panama Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Fourhorn poacher (Hypsagonus quadricornis also known as the Four-horned sea-poacher) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Achille Valenciennes in 1829 originally under the genus Aspidophorus. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling fish which is known from the northern Pacific Ocean including the Sea of Okhotsk the Sea of Japan the Bering Sea the Kuril Islands and Washington USA.
 Bicyclus madetes the Brown-spot Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests including severely degraded forests.The larvae feed on Poaceae species.
 Palystes castaneus is a species of huntsman spider found in South Africa. It is common from Cape Town to Heidelberg Western Cape especially in forested areas. In scrub outside forested areas it is replaced by Palystes superciliosus. It occurs mainly on plants where it hunts insects. It has a body length of 17–22 mm. P.
 Julodimorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species:
 Chloroclystis mira is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Philippines (Luzon).
 Episcepsis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The Kolombangara Monarch (Symposiachrus browni) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family. It is endemic to Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gladiogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and western Pacific oceans.
 Cylindrobulla gigas is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cylindrobullidae.
 Harutaeographa akos is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Tadjikistan (Gissar Mountains).
 The pagoda slitshell scientific name †Gyrotoma pagoda was a species of freshwater snail a gastropod in the Pleuroceridae family. This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 Rudists are a group of box- tube- or ring-shaped marine heterodont bivalves that arose during the Jurassic and became so diverse during the Cretaceous that they were major reef-building organisms in the Tethys Ocean.
 Vokesimurex danilai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Rhinoclavis sordidula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Trichromia lucens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Stenochilidae are a spider family with twelve described species in two genera. All species produce ecribellate silk (Griswold et al. 1999).
 Platyptilia hokowhitalis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in New Zealand including the North Island.
 Synodontis multimaculata is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Ubangi River. This species grows to a length of 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) TL.
 Mordella purpurascens is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1914.
 Hemyda obscuripennis is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Large Grizzled Skipper (Pyrgus alveus) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It is distributed throughout most of continental Europe but is absent from Denmark and practically all European islands including Great Britain Ireland Azores Balearic Islands Channel Islands Canary Islands Crete Cyprus Iceland etc.This is a rather variable species with a wingspan of 22–32 mm (not always particularly large) with several subspecies having been described.
 Copelatus longicornis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1882.
 Polyortha halianassa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Terlingua (February 7 1976 - April 29 2008) was an American thoroughbred bred in Kentucky by Tom Gentry she was a chestnut filly from the second crop of Triple Crown Winner Secretariat. Terlingua was out of a Crimson Satan mare Crimson Saint who was a graded stakes winner as well as a very successful broodmare.
 Ephysteris iberica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Povolný in 1977. It is found in Croatia Greece France Spain and on Sicily and Malta.
 A pig is any of the animals in the genus Sus within the Suidae family of even-toed ungulates. Pigs include the domestic pig and its ancestor the common Eurasian wild boar (Sus scrofa) along with other species; related creatures outside the genus include the babirusa and the warthog. Pigs like all suids are native to the Eurasian and African continents. Juvenile pigs are known as piglets. Pigs are omnivores and are highly social and intelligent animals.
 Zitha is a genus of snout moths.
 Coelopoeta phaceliae is a moth in the superfamily Gelechioidea. It is found in California.The length of the forewings is 4.5-6 mm. The ground color of the forewings is ochreous densely mottled mostly with brown scales. The hindwings are gray.The larvae feed on Phacelia species including Phacelia hastata Phacelia californica Phacelia procera and Phacelia mutabilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Jocara subcurvalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Myrmecia luteiforceps is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. Their distribution in Australia has not been observed much but have been noted in New South Wales and Queensland. They were described by Wheeler in 1933.The known description for the Myrmecia luteiforceps is a worker. They are typically on average around 12 millimetres long making them a rather small species.
 Hastulopsis minipulchra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Trichoglossus is a genus of lorikeet in the Psittaculidae or true parrot superfamily. The genus is distributed widely through Australia Wallacea and Melanesia with outliers in the Philippines and Micronesia. Members of the genus are characterised by barring sometimes prominently on the upper breast.
 Onykia loennbergii the Japanese hooked squid is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae named for Swedish zoologist Einar Lönnberg. It occurs in the Western Pacific Ocean at an estimated depth of 230–1200 m. The mantle length is approximately 300 mm. Each tentacular club contains 25 hooks. The arms are about 60% of the size of the mantle length.
 Stenoptilia saigusai is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu).The length of the forewings is 9–10 mm.
 Yazoo Shiner (Notropis rafinesquei) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 The Asiatic water shrews are the members of the genus Chimarrogale. They are mammals in the subfamily Soricinae of the family Soricidae. The genus contains the following species:Malayan Water Shrew (Chimarrogale hantu)Himalayan Water Shrew (Chimarrogale himalayica)Bornean Water Shrew (Chimarrogale phaeura)Japanese Water Shrew (Chimarrogale platycephalus)Chinese Water Shrew (Chimarrogale styani)Sumatran Water Shrew (Chimarrogale sumatrana)
 Lepidochrysops budama is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern and north-western Uganda. The habitat consists of areas with short grass and lamiates on the rocky slopes of hills and ridges.The length of the forewings is 16–19 mm. Adults feed from the flowers of lamiates.
 Yellow-fronted Barbet (Megalaima flavifrons) is an Asian barbet which is an endemic resident breeder in Sri Lanka. Barbets and toucans are a group of near passerine birds with a worldwide tropical distribution. The barbets get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills.Yellow-fronted Barbet is an arboreal species of forests and other woodland including large gardens which eats mainly small fruit and only rarely insects.
 Spirotropis modiolus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Dichomeris asodes is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1939. It is known from Java Indonesia. The larvae feed off of Sogok tsenteng.
 Heterocyclus petiti is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Granuliterebra constricta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Acrocercops chalceopla is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Cypretherium coarctatum is an extinct entelodont from the Chadronian strata of the Cypress Hills Formation in Saskatchewan.
 Merrifieldia tridactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from most of Europe as well as North Africa and Asia Minor.The wingspan is 18–23 millimetres (0.71–0.91 in). Adults are on wing from June to July in western Europe.The larvae feed on Thymus species (including Thymus serpyllum and Thymus vulgaris) and Mentha species in Europe. In Saudi Arabia larvae have been recorded feeding on the fruits of Cucurbita moschata.
 Melamphaes microps is a fish of the genus Melamphaes found in the North Atlantic South Atlantic southern Indian Ocean and the south west Pacific including New Zealand at depths of from 1000 to 3000 m. Their length is up to 10 cm.
 Granulina melitensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Deinacrida rugosa commonly called the Cook Strait giant weta is a species of insect in the family Anostostomatidae. The scientific name Deinacrida means terrible grasshopper and rugosa means wrinkled. It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Urophora shatalkini is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Celeopsyche is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Thallophaga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Lesser Noddy (Anous tenuirostris) also known as the Sooty Noddy is a species of tern in the Sternidae family.It is found near the coastlines of Comoros Kenya Liberia India Maldives Mauritius Seychelles South Africa Sri Lanka and United Arab Emirates.
 Ctenucha refulgens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Ortalis confusa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Tephritidae.
 Hilarographa parambae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange cream and cream in the costal area. The hindwings are cream orange but brownish terminally and orange brown in the anal area.
 Ecnomiohyla minera is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is endemic to Guatemala.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Odostomia panamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Loxophlebia pyrgion is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama and French Guiana.
 The Barbary Leopard or North African Leopard has been described originally as a separate subspecies (Panthera pardus panthera) of the leopard. It is native to the Atlas Mountains of North Africa.
 Khadira is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Poeciloxestia hirsutiventris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Symmimetis muscosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Queensland New Guinea Borneo and possibly Bali. The habitat consists of dipterocarp and lowland forests.
 Calocomus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Calocomus desmaresti (Guérin-Méneville 1831) Calocomus morosus White 1850 Calocomus rodingeri Tippmann 1951 Calocomus rugosipennis Lucas 1857↑
 Eucosmophora pithecollobiae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Belize and Florida.The length of the forewings is 3-3.9 mm for males and 3.3-4 mm for females.The larvae feed on Pithecollobium guadalupense Pithecollobium macrandrium and Pithecollobium unguis-cati. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The initial serpentine track is often obliterated by the blotch fashioned by third instar larva. The upper surface of the mine is waxy translucent.
 Agriphila deliella is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe and North Africa and from Anatolia to Afghanistan.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from August to September.The larvae feed on various Poaceae species including Corynephorus canescens Carex arenaria and Molinia caerulea.
 Orthocanthoides is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Thallarcha phalarota is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are black with two white bands.
 Acanthoclita is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Anthene abruptus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Hildebrandt's Starling (Lamprotornis hildebrandti) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae. It forms a superspecies with and has previously been included in the same species as Shelley's Starling which is a migratory species ranging from Ethiopia and Somalia to Kenya. Both of these species have also been combined into a superspecies with the Chestnut-bellied Starling of West Africa. It was originally placed in the now defunct genus Notauges.
 Eleutherodactylus intermedius is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paraplatyptilia maea is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America including California Utah Colorado Oregon and Alberta.The wingspan is 19–25 millimetres (0.75–0.98 in). The head and body are greyish white with some brown scales. The abdomen has dark subdorsal lines just beyond the middle and similar lines below. The antennae are brown dotted above.
 Apenes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Apenes aeneipennis (Chaudoir 1852) Apenes aeneus (Dejean 1831) Apenes aereus Steinheil 1875 Apenes amplicollis Bates 1891 Apenes angustatus Schwarz 1878 Apenes apiceguttatus Chaudoir 1875 Apenes apterus Darlington 1935 Apenes bonariensis Liebke 1939 Apenes brevivittis Chaudoir 1875 Apenes calligramma Bates 1884 Apenes cayennensis (Buquet 1835) Apenes chalumeaui Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes circumcinctus Chaudoir 1875 Apenes comis Bates 1878 Apenes coriaceus (Chevrolat 1863) Apenes cuprascens Chaudoir 1875 Apenes darlingtoni Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes delicatus Darlington 1934 Apenes dilutiventris Chaudoir 1875 Apenes dominica Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes ehrhardti (Liebke 1939) Apenes erythroderus Chaudoir 1875 Apenes farri Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes fasciatus Chaudoir 1875 Apenes hamiger (Chaudoir 1875) Apenes hilariola Bates 1891 Apenes iviei Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes kathleenae Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes laevicinctus Darlington 1934 Apenes laevis Liebke 1939 Apenes latus Darlington 1934 Apenes lepidulus Darlington 1934 Apenes limbatus G.Horn 1895 Apenes lucidulus (Dejean 1831) Apenes luniger Chaudoir 1875 Apenes lunulatus Chaudoir 1875 Apenes maculatus (Gory 1833) Apenes marginalis (Dejean 1831) Apenes mazoreoides Chaudoir 1875 Apenes morio (Dejean 1825) Apenes nebulosus Leconte 1866 Apenes nevermanni Liebke 1939 Apenes obscurus Chaudoir 1875 Apenes octoguttulatus Motschulsky 1864 Apenes omostigma (Motschulsky 1864) Apenes opacus Leconte 1851 Apenes ovalis Darlington 1935 Apenes ovipennis Liebke 1936 Apenes pallidipes (Chevrolat 1835) Apenes pallipes (Fabricius 1792) Apenes parallelus (Dejean 1825) Apenes parvulus (Chaudoir 1875) Apenes paulianus Liebke 1939 Apenes peryphoides Bates 1883 Apenes plaumanni (Liebke 1939) Apenes portoricensis Darlington 1939 Apenes posticus (Dejean 1831) Apenes prasinus Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes purpuratus Fleutiaux & Salle 1889 Apenes purpuripennis Chaudoir 1875 Apenes quadripennis (Chaudoir 1875) Apenes quadripunctatus (Reiche 1842) Apenes sallei (Chaudoir 1875) Apenes scobifer Darlington 1934 Apenes seriatus Motschulsky 1864 Apenes simoni Liebke 1935 Apenes sinuatus (Say 1823) Apenes steinheili Ball & Shpeley 1992 Apenes stigmatus Liebke 1939 Apenes strandi Liebke 1939 Apenes sulcicollis (Jacquelin Du Val 1857) Apenes umbrosus Csiki 1932 Apenes variegatus (Dejean 1825) Apenes vianai Liebke 1939 Apenes xanthopleurus Chaudoir 1875 ↑
 Bucculatrix zophopasta is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from British Columbia Oregon and California.The wingspan is 7-8 mm. The forewings are ocherous the scales shading to brown at the tips or irrorated dark fuscous with an angulated white fascia near the base and two oblique costal streaks. The hindwings are pale stramineous in females and pale fuscous in males or pale fuscous in both sexes.
 Eilema argentea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Eupithecia karischi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Equatorial Guinea (Bioko).
 Hypotacha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eledone moschata the musky octopus is a species of octopus that lives in the Mediterranean Sea. It grows up to 740 mm (29 in) long and feeds on a wide range of crustaceans molluscs and fish.
 Sparganothina refugiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish consisting of series of transverse blotches. The markings are brownish with a slight violet hue. The hindwings are yellowish but darker terminally where a few pale brownish strigulae are found.
 Macropoliana afarorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Djibouti.
 As used for the Cracker butterflies by Illiger in 1807 Apatura has been officially rejected and is now Hamadryas.Apatura is a genus of butterflies commonly known as the emperors.
 Álvarez del Toro's hidden salamander (Cryptotriton alvarezdeltoroi ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Ypsolopha sasayamana is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Japan.
 Turbonilla mediocris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Harponixus pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Harponixus.
 Turbonilla crickmayi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Cotton leafworm (Alabama argillacea AKA cotton worm) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to South and Central America as far south as northern Argentina but migrates as far north as Canada where it can be found in Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia and Manitoba.The wingspan is 30–35 mm.The larva is considered a pest of cotton. They feed on the leaves twigs and buds.
 Cilix asiatica is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Ukraine Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Crete the eastern parts of Turkey Israel and Lebanon. The habitat consists of xerothermic woodland.Adults are on wing from mid-April to early October. There are two to three generations per year.The larvae are polyphagous on a variety of Rosaceae species including Jasminum and Rubus tomentosus Prunus Crataegus and Malus species.
 Hydrophis semperi known in some circles as the Philippine freshwater sea snake or Garman's sea snake or lake snake is a rare species of venomous sea snake found only in a single lake on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. It is noted for being one of two known species of sea snake (and the only one in its family) that is known to be found almost-exclusively in freshwater. The other freshwater sea snake species is Laticauda crockeri.
 Eucereon punctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1844. It is found in Guatemala Surinam and the Amazon region.
 Meioceras cubitatum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Nototropis is a genus of amphipod crustaceans containing the following species:Nototropis brevitarsus Ledoyer 1979Nototropis comes Giles 1888Nototropis dentatus Schellenberg 1931Nototropis falcatus (Metzer 1871)Nototropis granulosus Walker 1904Nototropis guttatus Costa 1853Nototropis homochir (Haswell 1885)Nototropis massiliensis Bellan-Santini 1975Nototropis megalops Moore 1984Nototropis melanops Oldevig 1959Nototropis minikoi (A. O.
 Catocala violenta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Colorado to Arizona east to Texas and into Mexico.The wingspan is 70-80 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus gambeli.
 Pseudocrenilabrus nicholsi the Southern mouthbrooder is a species of cichlid native to the Congo Basin. As other members of the genus Pseudocrenilabrus it is a mouthbrooder. This species can reach a length of 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) SL.
 The Hispaniolan Spindalis (Spindalis dominicensis) is a species of bird in the Cardinalidae family.It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
 Copelatus angolensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Peschet in 1924.
 Blechroneromia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Peterson's chinchilla mouse (Euneomys petersoni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in west central and southern Argentina and nearby areas of Chile. The species is named after American paleontologist Olaf A. Peterson (1865-1933).
 Eudendrium tottoni is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Osmia bicolor is a species of bee in the genus Osmia. It is outstanding amongst other osmiine bees in that it nests in empty snail shells.
 Halidayopsis formosensis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Halidayopsis of the family Tachinidae.
 Ampittia tristella is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Shou Chou and Li in 2006. It is found in China (Shaanxi Province).
 The Harpy Fruit Bat (Harpyionycteris whiteheadi) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Ground sloths are a diverse group of extinct sloths in the mammalian superorder Xenarthra. The term ground sloth is used as a reference for all extinct sloths because of the large size of the earliest forms discovered as opposed to the extant tree sloths. However this is a historical convention and does not imply that all extinct sloths were strictly terrestrial in nature.
 The freshwater butterflyfish or African butterflyfish Pantodon buchholzi is the only species in the family Pantodontidae within the order Osteoglossiformes. It is not closely related to saltwater butterflyfishes.
 Manulea (Setema) cereola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia the Baltic States European Russia as well as the Alps and Urals.The wingspan is 18–32 mm.The larvae feed on various lichen species from the Parmelia genus.
 Imagocnus is an extinct genus of ground sloth from the early Miocene of Cuba.This sloth resided in the Antilles and showed a range of body size. Its relationships to other Antillean sloths are not immediately clear though the genera Megalocnus and Parocnusother ground sloths are its most likely relatives.
 Dichostrepsia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hemitheconyx is a genus of gecko.
 Ceroxys flavoscutellata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae.
 Protocalliphora or bird blowflies are a blow fly genus containing many species which are obligate parasites of birds. The larvae suck the blood of nestlings and are found in the nests of birds.
 Commotria enervella is a species of snout moths in the genus Commotria. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Taiwan.
 Cleora inoffensa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Himalaya Sundaland the Philippines Sulawesi and on the Solomons.
 Homalopterus atrovirens is a species of beetle in the family Megalopodidae the only species in the genus Homalopterus.
 The loach minnow (Tiaroga cobitis) is a species of freshwater fish. It is a member of the carp family (family Cyprinidae) of order Cypriniformes. It is common in streams and small rivers throughout the Gila River and San Pedro River systems in Arizona New Mexico and Sonora.
 Paramordellana triloba is a species of beetle in the Paramordellana genus. It was described in 1824.
 Armenoceratidae is a family of early Paleozoic nautiloid cephalopods belonging to the Order Actinocerida.The Armenoceratidae established by Troedsson (1926) is characterized by large straight or slightly curved shells and large siphuncles with strongly expanded segments between the septa. Septal necks are short and abruptly recurved along brims.
 Pirhosigma is a moderately small neotropical genus of potter wasps.
 The Small Dark Yellow Underwing (Coranarta cordigera) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It can be found in parts of Europe mainly in the North. In Central and Southern Europe it is only found in mountainous areas. In the Alps for instance it is found up to heights of 2200 meters.The wingspan is 21–26 mm. The moths fly from May to June in one generation depending on the location.The caterpillars feed on Vaccinium uliginosum and Arctostaphylos uva-ursi.
 Mordella malleri is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 The Gough Finch or Gough Bunting (Rowettia goughensis) is a songbird species. Traditionally considered a bunting and placed in the family Emberizidae it is actually neither a bunting nor a true finch but belongs to a group of finch-like birds or tanager-finches in the family Thraupidae.
 Diadema setosum is a species of long-spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae. It is a typical sea urchin with extremely long hollow spines that are mildly venomous. D. setosum differs from other Diadema with five characteristic white dots that can be found on its body. The species can be found throughout the Indo-Pacific region from Australia and Africa to Japan and the Red Sea.
 Megatyphlops schlegelii commonly known as Schlegel's beaked blind snake or Schlegel's giant blind snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to eastern and southern Africa and bears the distinction of being world's largest typhlopid.
 Xanthodura trucidata is a species of moth in the family Geometridae from Madagascar.
 Leucosyrinx herilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Eremiaphilidae is a small family of the order Mantodea (mantises). They are frequently wingless or brachypterous and commonly encountered in desert environments. Their coloration often matches that of the sand or rocks in the habitat.
 Dorycera brevis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae.
 Taenaris onolaus is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found on New Guinea.
 Gracillaria albicapitata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 9.8-12.5 mm.The larvae feed on Fraxinus lanuginosa Fraxinus mandshurica Syringa amurensis Syringa reticulata and Syringa vulgaris. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Young larvae mine directly into the middle layer of the parenchymal tissue of the leaf or leaflet.
 Stilifer kawamurai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Stilifer.
 Tortricosia pallidexcisa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm.
 Coleophora plumbella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to Romania.The wingspan is 9–10 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on Vaccinium uliginosum. They probably create a composite leaf case. Larvae can be found from late August to spring.
 Scaeothyris is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Prosimnia piriei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Scopula trapezistigma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.
 Mitra (Strigatella) acuminata common name : the Acuminate Mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Black-barred Limia or humpbacked limia Limia nigrofasciata is a species of poeciliid endemic to Haiti. This species grows to a length of 5.2 centimetres (2.0 in) SL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Orzolina thalassophila is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Orzolina.
 The Banded Green Sunbird (Anthreptes rubritorques) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dinia mena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hübner in 1827. It is found in Colombia Venezuela Trinidad and Brazil.
 Acrocercops serriformis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java) Malaysia (Sabah) and Guadalcanal.The larvae feed on Jatropha gossypifolia Ricinus communis and Bauhinia species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Archipimima cosmoscelis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 The cloudy catshark (Scyliorhinus torazame) is a common species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae. It is a bottom-dweller that inhabits rocky reefs in the northwestern Pacific Ocean from the shore to a depth of 320 m (1050 ft). Growing up to 50 cm (20 in) long this small slim shark has a narrow head with a short blunt snout no grooves between the nostrils and mouth and furrows on the lower but not the upper jaw.
 Microgomphus nyassicus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Gornogomphodon is an extinct genus of synapsid from the Gorno Formation of Bergamo Italy. It existed during the Middle Carnian age of the Late Triassic (around 216.5 to 228.0 million years ago). It contains only one species: Gornogomphodon caffi.Gornogomphodon is known only from a fossil jaw fragment with three transversely elongate teeth preserved.
 The Common Scale-backed Antbird (Willisornis poecilinotus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family the antbirds. It has often been included in the genus Hylophylax but is now known to be part of a different clade leading to its placement in the genus Willisornis. It was briefly placed in Dichropogon but this name is preoccupied by a genus of asilid flies (Dichropogon Bezzi 1910).
 Plaesiorrhina cinctuta is a beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 Amerizus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Amerizus barkamensis Deuve 1998 Amerizus baxiensis Deuve 1998 Amerizus beatriciae Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus bhutanensis Morvan 2004 Amerizus bolivari Andrewes 1927 Amerizus camillae Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus casalei Perrault 1985 Amerizus davidales Sciaky & Toledano 2007 Amerizus deuvei Perrault 1985 Amerizus eremita Queinnac 1984 Amerizus faizae Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus farkaci Sciaky & Toledano 2007 Amerizus ganesh Queinnec 1984 Amerizus garuda Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus gologensis Deuve 2004 Amerizus gongga Deuve 1998 Amerizus gosainkundensis Habu 1973 Amerizus hubeiensis Deuve 2002 Amerizus indecorus Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus kashmiricus Jedlicka 1938 Amerizus lama Sciaky & Toledano 2007 Amerizus lassallei Perrault 1985 Amerizus ledouxi Perrault 1985 Amerizus macrocephalus Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus maquensis Deuve 2004 Amerizus markamensis Deuve 1998 Amerizus martensi Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus morvani Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus mourzinei Deuve 1998 Amerizus oblonguloides (Lindroth 1963) Amerizus oblongulus (Mannerheim 1852) Amerizus panda Sciaky & Toledano 2007 Amerizus perraulti Deuve 1998 Amerizus puetzi Sciaky & Toledano 2007 Amerizus queinneci Deuve 1998 Amerizus sabinae Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus sarkimani Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus schawalleri Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus schmidti Sciaky & Toledano 2007 Amerizus shatanicus Deuve 2004 Amerizus songpanensis Deuve 1998 Amerizus spectabilis (Mannerheim 1852) Amerizus teles Belousov & Dudko 2010 Amerizus tiani Deuve 2004 Amerizus turnai Deuve 1998 Amerizus wingatei (Bland 1863) Amerizus wittmeri Queinnec & Perreau 2002 Amerizus wolongensis Deuve 1998 Amerizus wrzechiokoi Deuve 1998↑
 Pallaseidae (from the genus name Pallasea) is a family of amphipod crustaceans endemic to Lake Baikal. Some species are also found in the Angara River which flows out of Lake Baikal and one species is distributed throughout Northern Palearctic. The composition of the family is a subject of discussion with different sources listing either 9 genera and 58 species or 8 genera and 20 species.
 Acheilognathus taenianalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.
 Octodon is a genus of octodontid rodents native to South America. The best-known member is the common degu O. degus. Two of the four species of degus are nocturnal. The full list of species is: O. bridgesi Bridges' degu found in Argentina and Chile O. degus the common degu or degu found in central Chile O. lunatus the moon-toothed degu a nocturnal animal found in central Chile O.
 Cytora torquilla is a species of very small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod molluscs in the family Pupinidae.
 Pseudoxyptilus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species Pseudoxyptilus secutor which is known from South Africa.The wingspan is 17–19 mm. The forewings are brownish white and the hindwings are light brown.
 Sinocyclocheilus hei is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China.
 Notogomphus dorsalis is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Parophthalmoptera picea is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Parophthalmoptera of the family Ulidiidae.
 Euchaetes fusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from the south-eastern United States (including California and Arizona) to Costa Rica.The wingspan is about 34 mm.
 Scopula emma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Van Sung's shrew (Chodsigoa caovansunga) also known as Cao Van Sung mountain shrew is a species of shrew in the Soricomorpha order. Specimens of Chodsigoa caovansunga have been found in Vietnam.Chodsigoa caovansunga was named after Dr. Cao Van Sung a small-mammal specialist at the Institute of Ecology and Biological Resources in Hanoi.
 The freshwater and brackish water viviparous halfbeaks of the genus Dermogenys are widely distributed in South and Southeast Asia from India to Indonesia. They are all viviparous producing small clutches of up to 30 fry that closely resemble the adults except they are much smaller around 10 to 15 mm in length. Dermogenys adults are typically around 60–70 mm in length with females being slightly larger than males.
 Acrocercops tricirrha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java).The larvae feed on Polygonum chinense. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Exelastis robinsoni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Comoros.
 Naiacus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Pyramidellidae common name the pyram family or pyramid shells is a voluminous taxonomic family of mostly small and minute ectoparasitic sea snails marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs.
 The Yellow-browed Bulbul (Acritillas indica) is a species of bulbul found in the forests of southern India and Sri Lanka. It is mainly yellow on the underside and olive above with a distinct yellow brow. They are easily located by their loud calls but tend to skulk within foliage below the forest canopy. Three subspecies are recognised within its range and its generic placement has changed over time with some considering it as a sole species in the genus Acritillas.
 Nigerpeton is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian which lived during the Permian period some 250 million years ago in Niger. Specimens of Nigerpeton were first collected during field work in the Moradi Formation in 2000 and 2003.
 Synechodes andamanensis is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2004. It is found on the Andamans (India).The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are black with a yellow spot near the costa and a smaller yellow spot in the middle as well as a small patch of yellow scales near the base and single yellow scales near the termen. The hindwings are deep yellow with a black marginal bandand some black scales basally.
 Allocharopa okeana is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 This article is about the trilobite. For the Star Wars character see Han Solo.Han is a genus of agnostid trilobite whose sole member is Han solo a species known only from fossils found in the Ordovician Zitai Formation of southern China.
 Iotyrris musivum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Copelatus thiriouxi is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family.
 Atypus muralis is a mygalomorph spider from Central Europe to Turkmenistan. It is very similar to Atypus piceus but the posterior spinnerets consist of four instead of three segments. They also build tubes that can be up to one meter deep. Females grow to around 12mm while males grow to 9mm.
 Tapiroidea is a superfamily of perissodactyls which includes the modern tapir. Members of the superfamily are small to large browsing mammals roughly pig-like in shape with short prehensile snouts. Their closest relatives are the other odd-toed ungulates including horses and rhinoceroses. Taxonomically they are placed in suborder Ceratomorpha along with the rhino superfamily Rhinocerotoidea. The first members of Tapiroidea appeared during the Early Eocene 55 million years ago.
 Chaetocerus the typical woodstars is a genus of hummingbirds containing the following species:White-bellied Woodstar Chaetocercus mulsantLittle Woodstar Chaetocercus bombusGorgeted Woodstar Chaetocercus heliodorSanta Marta Woodstar Chaetocercus astreans Esmeraldas Woodstar Chaetocercus berlepschi Rufous-shafted Woodstar Chaetocercus jourdanii
 Cychrus businskyanus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura in 2000.
 Agoschema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Punjab Razorbelly Minnow (Salmophasia punjabensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia.
 Metagynella is a genus of mites placed in its own family Metagynuridae in the order Mesostigmata.
 Parifodynerus is an Australasian genus of potter wasps.
 Lophiophora is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 Malacoctenus tetranemus the Throatspotted blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from the Gulf of California to Peru as well as around the Galapagos Islands. It inhabits rocky areas where it lives in tide pools and shallows generally at depths of from 6 to 23 metres (20 to 75 ft). This species can reach a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL.
 Eurypteridae are an extinct family of eurypterids. They were members of the superfamily Eurypteroidea.
 Veronavelifer sorbinii is an extinct sailfin moonfish from the Lutetian epoch of the Monte Bolca lagerstatten.
 The Brown Striped Hawk (Basiothia schenki) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Zimbabwe and South Africa.It has a close plant-pollinator relationship with Disa cooperi whose scent attracts only two hawkmoth species Basiothia schenki and Agrius convolvuli that can effectively pollinate its flower. The moths’ proboscis length and the orchid’s spur length align perfectly with its petals and position of the pollinaria and stigma although B.
 Neptis carcassoni Carcasson’s Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Tanzania Malawi Zambia Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of lowland forests.Adults are on wing nearly year round.The larvae feed on Dalbergia lactea.
 The Black-browed Reed Warbler (Acrocephalus bistrigiceps) is a species of marsh-warbler (family Acrocephalidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan North Korea South Korea Laos Malaysia Mongolia Myanmar Nepal Philippines Russia Singapore Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam.The Black-browed Reed Warbler is similar and closely related to the more common and widespread Eurasian Reed Warbler.
 Scopula pulchellata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Indo-Australian tropics from India to Taiwan and the Solomon Islands as well as in Africa.
 The Andaman Crow (Euploea andamanensis) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found in India and Myanmar.
 Bifascioides leucomelanella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Libya Egypt and on Malta. It has also been recorded from Sudan Iran Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.The wingspan is 6-7 mm. Adults have been recorded in February and from May to the end of August. There is probably more than one generation per year.
 Copelatus bombycinus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Turbonilla sirena is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Atepa sinaloana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sinaloa).
 Enigmogramma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Swordgrass Brown (Tisiphone abeona) is a nymphalid butterfly. It is endemic to Australia.The wings of the adult are brown and have a wingspan of about 60 mm.The larvae feed on Gahnia species.
 Epixerus ebii wilsoni is a subspecies of the squirrel Epixerus ebii from Cameroon Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. It has also been treated as a separate species.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scoparia manifestella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Italy Austria Switzerland Germany and on the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Pamphilius is a genus of leaf-rolling sawflies within the Symphyta belonging to the family Pamphiliidae.
 Microlepidotus is a genus of grunts native to the Pacific coast of North America.The currently recognized species in this genus are: Microlepidotus brevipinnis (Steindachner 1869) (humpback grunt) Microlepidotus inornatus T. N. Gill 1862 (wavyline grunt)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Fusinus stegeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Leptostylus palliatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1874.
 Depressaria albipunctella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 19–22 mm. Adults are on wing from early August to late November and after hibernating again from March to May in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Daucus Conium Torilis Anthriscus Chaerophyllum Pimpinella and Seseli species. They live in a loose upper-surface silk spinning of a leaf of their host plant.
 Nipponaphera iwaotakii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Polymelus (1902–1924) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who was the leading sire of racehorses in Great Britain and Ireland for five years (1914 1915 1916 1920 1921). Among his most famous descendants are Secretariat and Northern Dancer. However it was through his son Phalaris that he will forever be remembered.
 Rhagoletotrypeta uniformis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Perlidae are a family of stoneflies with a total of 84 species in 15 genera. The majority of the Perlidae are found in eastern North America but they occur world-wide except for Antarctica and parts of Africa. Their lifecycles range between one and three years. They adults emerge in the summer; they are very active and known to be attracted to light sources. They are usually very sensitive to changes in environment. Perlidae are usually lotic and lentic erosional.
 Stephensia major is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It was described by Kearfott in 1907. It is found in North America.
 Chaunus ornatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that is found in Brazil and possibly Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and intermittent freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oxymeris senegalensis common name : the Faval Auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 See also Viper's Bugloss for the plant.The Viper's Bugloss (Hadena irregularis) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Silene otites and Gypsophila species.In 1998 the United Kingdom government removed Hadena irregularis from schedule 5 (animals) of the The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 as it is believed to be extinct.
 Gibberula marinae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Prohydata is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tritonia lacinulata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Notogomphus praetorius is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Angola the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Stibaera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Coprosma Hawk Moth (Cizara ardeniae) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the eastern coastal region of Australia and New Zealand.The wingspan is about 60 mm. Adults are dark brown with white edges to the wings and white bars across the wings and abdomen. The ends of the white bar show as transparent windows on the wings. In resting position these bars are aligned on each side to form a single stripe.
 Zafra rapanuiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Acrossocheilus aluoiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acrossocheilus found mostly in Vietnam.
 Metopocoilus quadrispinosus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Buquet in 1860.
 The eastern mole or common mole (Scalopus aquaticus) is a medium-sized overall grey North American mole and the only member of the genus Scalopus. Its large hairless spade-shaped forefeet are adapted for digging.
 Eoholocentrum is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Cheiracanthium cretense is a spider species found in Crete.
 Acolutha pictaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the north-eastern part of the Himalaya and Tibet to Hong Kong Sundaland Wallacea New Guinea and the Bismarck Islands.
 Pheidole ochracea has been discovered and described by Eguchi K. in 2008.
 This article is about the animal. For information about the web browser see Swiftfox.The swift fox (Vulpes velox) is a small light orange-tan fox around the size of a domestic cat found in the western grasslands of North America such as Montana Colorado New Mexico Oklahoma and Texas. It also lives in Manitoba Saskatchewan and Alberta in Canada where it was previously extirpated.
 Tinissa amboinensis is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1976. It is found in Indonesia (Ambon).
 Scopula agutsaensis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia (Transbaikal).
 Vallonia tenuilabris is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Valloniidae.
 Fusconaia is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.
 Comitas galatheae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Paradmete breidensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Antispila voraginella is a species of moth of the Heliozelidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains including Utah Arizona and western Texas.There is probably only one generation per year with adults emerging from April to June.The larvae feed on Vitis arizonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant and are usually gregarious with mines forming large pale blotches.
 Hipparchia is a genus of butterflies within the Nymphalidae family.
 Apamea digitula is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It was described from the Laguna Mountains of San Diego County California in 2006. It is also known from western Oregon.The moth has a forewing 16–19 millimetres (0.63–0.75 in) long and is generally clay-colored (tan-gray) with areas tinged with red-brown. The living moth may have a greenish cast. There may be tufts on some abdominal segments.
 Mordella homochroa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1895.
 Diplochaetus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diplochaetus emaciatus (Bates 1891) Diplochaetus megacephalus Bousquet & Laplante 1997 Diplochaetus planatus (G.Horn 1876) Diplochaetus rutilus (Chevrolat 1963)↑
 Anthela denticulata is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Dolphins are cetacean mammals closely related to whales and porpoises. There are almost forty species of dolphin in 17 genera. They vary in size from 1.2 m (4 ft) and 40 kg (90 lb) (Maui's dolphin) up to 9.5 m (30 ft) and 10 tonnes (9.8 long tons; 11 short tons) (the orca or killer whale). They are found worldwide mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves and are carnivores eating mostly fish and squid.
 Labeo brachypoma is fish in genus Labeo.
 Chondrosoma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Thalleulia ochreorufa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream ferruginous in the basal half and in the apical third mixed with chestnut brown but browner at the wing base. The hindwings are cream slightly mixed with pale orange in the apical area.
 Paracalliopiidae is a family of amphipods containing the following genera:Doowia Barnard & Drummond 1987Indocalliope Barnard & Karaman 1982Katacalliope Barnard & Drummond 1984Paracalliope Stebbing 1899Yhi Barnard & Thomas 1991↑ ↑
 Gigantodax is a genus of 68 species of black flies distributed along the Andes from Mexico to Tierra del Fuego in Argentina.The taxonomy of the genus was revised in 1989 by an academic paper published in the bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History. In 1997 researchers from the Universidad Nacional del Comahue in Rio Negro Argentina collected larvae of G. marginalis and other fly species in Lanin National Park Neuquén Province.
 Steatoda nobilis is a spider in the genus Steatoda known in the United Kingdom as the noble false widow and often referred to as the false widow. As the common name indicates the spider superficially resembles and is frequently confused for the black widow and other spiders in the genus Latrodectus which can have medically significant venom.
 The Catostomidae are the suckers of the order Cypriniformes with 80 species in this family of freshwater fishes. The Catostomidae are found in North America east central China and eastern Siberia. They are not usually fished recreationally; they are not highly prized in North America for their flesh although they are a fairly popular target with spear fisherman and in some areas such as the Ozarks they are a common food fish.
 Pungitius is a genus of sticklebacks.
 The Galápagos Mockingbird (Mimus parvulus) is a species of bird in the Mimidae family. It is endemic to the Galápagos Islands Ecuador.
 Anopina desmatana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Leptochroptila is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Eleutherodactylus amplinympha is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Dominica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.It is locally known as the gounouj.
 Gastromyzon introrsus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Coleophora agenjoi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Spain.
 Campopleginae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. Campopleginae are koinobiont endoparasitoids mainly of Lepidoptera and Symphyta but also of Coleoptera Raphidiidae There are 65 genera and this is one of the most commonly encountered subfamilies. Many of the genera are poorly defined and difficult to identify.They are small slender black insects with a compressed abdomen and the clypeus is confluent with the rest of the face.
 Bucculatrix bifida is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Seksjaeva in 1989. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorsky Krai).
 Antiblemma solina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Neotropics.
 Dosinia greyi is a medium-sized marine clam a bivalve mollusc of the family Veneridae or Venus clams.
 Poecilasthena cisseres is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Victoria.
 Coleophora sardocorsa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.The larvae feed on Genista aspalathoides and Genista corsica. They create a slender composite leaf case made out of 6-7 mined leaflets. The cases is 9–11 mm bivalved and has a mouth angle of about 40°. The rearmost leaflet in which the larva hibernates is dark brown. The remainder of the case is light brown.
 Empis stercorea is a large species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula.
 Endoceras is an extinct genus of large straight shelled cephalopods from the Middle and Upper Ordovician that gives its name to the Nautiliod order Endocerida. Shells grew to be as long as 3.5 meters (ca 13 ft.) The cross section in the mature portion is slightly wider than high but is narrower laterally in the young. Sutures are straight and transverse.
 Apatelodes taperinha is a moth in the Bombycidae family.
 The genus Lithium is a group of four described species of aphid wasps occurring from Mali to Turkey
 Cryptomelaena is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Achiroides is a genus of freshwater soles native to Asia.
 Oreobates pereger (Ayacucho Andes frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cochylimorpha clathrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ukraine and Russia.The wingspan is 16-20 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in May.
 Sermyla transversa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Mixochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Phyllonorycter spartocytisi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Spain and the Canary Islands.The larvae feed on Retama monosperma Retama recutita and Spartocytisus filipes. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a small upper-surface tentiform mine. Pupation takes place within the mine.
 Cymatosyrinx bartschi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Cophixalus parkeri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Pseudopostega curtarama is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from the provinces of Goias and Minas Gerais in southern Brazil.The length of the forewings is 3.4–5 mm. Adults have been recorded from November to December.
 Comaldessus stygius is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Comaldessus.
 Doryteuthis opalescens the opalescent inshore squid is a small squid (mantle length (ML) up to 190 mm) in the family Loliginidae. It is a myopsid squid which is the near shore group and that means that they have corneas over their eyes. The species lives in the Eastern Pacific Ocean from Mexico's Baja California peninsula to Alaska USA and as an inshore squid it can be found with a range of 200 miles (320 km) off the shore.
 Cloeodes is a genus of mayflies in the family Baetidae.Species in this genus include: Cloeodes anduzei Traver 1943 Cloeodes auwe Salles & Batista 2004 Cloeodes aymore Massariol & Salles 2011 Cloeodes barituensis Nieto & Richard 2008 Cloeodes binocularis Needham & Murphy 1924 Cloeodes espinillo Nieto & Richard 2008 Cloeodes hydation McCafferty & Lugo-Ortiz 1995 Cloeodes incus Waltz & McCafferty 1987 Cloeodes irvingi Waltz & McCafferty 1987 Cloeodes itajara Massariol & Salles 2011 Cloeodes jaragua Salles & Lugo-Ortiz 2003 Cloeodes nocturnus Navas 1923 Cloeodes opacus Nieto & Richard 2008 Cloeodes penai Morihara & Edmunds 1980 Cloeodes redactus Waltz & McCafferty 1987 Cloeodes turbinopsis Needham & Morphy 1924↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 Agelena funerea is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Simon in 1909. It is primarily found in East Africa.
 Hypselodoris pinna is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Craugastor emcelae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Panama and possibly Costa Rica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The notchheaded marblefish Aplodactylus etheridgii is a marblefish of the genus Aplodactylus found between North Cape and East Cape on the North Island of New Zealand in depths down to 40 m. Their lengths are between 35 and 40 cm.
 Mitromorpha carpenteri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Furcatrox is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The genus Chilonatalus of funnel-eared bats is found in South America and the Antilles. It has two species.
 Glipa latenotata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1923.
 Platyla peloponnesica is a species of very small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Aciculidae. This species is endemic to Greece.
 Acanthops centralis is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
 Enispodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bellamya phthinotropis is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Nebria holtzi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found on Mount Erymanthos in Greece.
 Xestospiza conica is an extinct species of bird with a cone-shaped bill that was described on the basis of fossils. It was possibly an insectivore populating the Hawaiian Island of Kauai.
 Megaelosia is a genus of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It contains the following species: Megaelosia apuana Megaelosia bocainensis Megaelosia boticariana Megaelosia goeldii Megaelosia lutzae Megaelosia massarti
 The American rosefinches are birds in the finch family Fringillidae. The Haemorhous species are closely related to the Carpodacus rosefinches. As the name implies various shades of red are the characteristic plumage colors of this group.American rosefinches are found throughout the North American continent.
 The Sunda rhinoceros (Rhinoceros sondaicus) or lesser one-horned rhinoceros or more popular as Javan rhinoceros is a member of the family Rhinocerotidae and one of five extant rhinoceroses. It belongs to the same genus as the Indian rhinoceros and has similar mosaicked skin which resembles armour but at 3.1–3.2 m (10–10.5 feet) in length and 1.4–1.7 m (4.6–5.8 ft) in height it is smaller (in fact it is closer in size to the black rhinoceros of the genus Diceros).
 Umbonium moniliferum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Macaduma recurva is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1915. It is found in New Guinea.
 Compsodrillia excentrica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Aaptos robustus is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 2008.
 Pseudohemiodon platycephalus is a species of armored catfish native to Argentina and Brazil particularly in the Paraguay River basin. This species can grow to 18 centimetres (7.1 in) in length SL.
 Zarcinia melanozestas is a moth in the Galacticidae family. It is found in Russia.The wingspan is 17-19 mm. The forewings are whitish-grey-ochreous or whitish-ochreous-grey with seven or eight dots along the costa. The hindwings are pale grey or whitish grey.
 Cydia chlorostola is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.It is known from a single female and is possibly extinct.
 Macrothyatira flavida is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan Japan and China.The wingspan is 37–44 mm.
 Echinorhynchida are an order of parasitic worms from the phylum Acanthocephala.
 Lanistes stuhlmanni is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Zamazaan (1965-1990) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire in New Zealand and Australia. Bred by the HH Aga Khan IV he raced in France until retiring in 1969.Zamazaan was a winner of 5 stakes races from 2400 metres to 3100 metres.He was syndicated for a then record NZ$200000 and sent to stand at stud beginning in the 1970 season at Keith Burley's Carlyle Stud in East Tamaki near Auckland New Zealand.
 Pseudiodis albidentula is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Lepidochrysops barnesi Barnes’ Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe (Chimanimani Mountains). The habitat consists of montane grassland at altitudes of about 1800 metres.Adults are on wing from mid October to November.
 Tetragonoderus velutinus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1864.
 The Blotched Emerald (Comibaena bajularia) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is a found throughout Europe and the Near East. It has a scattered distribution in England and Wales but is absent from Scotland and Ireland.
 The flat-faced seahorse longnose seahorse low-crowned seahorse or three-spot seahorse Hippocampus trimaculatus is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family. It is found in Australia Cocos (Keeling) Islands French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan the Philippines Singapore Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is shallow seas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Strabena martini is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found along the coast of Madagascar.
 Acrobasis dulcella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Zeller in 1848. It is found in most of Europe except the north.
 Terebra irregularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Neothais marginatra common name : the brownish drupe is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Naticarius orientalis is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Arsina silenalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Réunion Aldabra and in Madagascar
 Thumathoides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Thumathoides fumosa which is found in New Caledonia.
 Cypa terranea is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sundaland.
 Mordella tomentosa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1835.
 Trombidium breei is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae. It is found in Europe. The larvae of this species use the species Agapetes galathea (Lepidoptera) as a host.
 Cerithidea rhizophorarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.
 Moaciria moraveci is a parasitic worm infecting a Hylophorbus frog on Fergusson Island Papua New Guinea. It is a member of the genus Moaciria a nematode in the family Heterakidae. Moaciria was first described in 1956 from the Brazilian Noronha skink but other species from more parts of the world have since been described.Moaciria moraveci is a small but stout nematode. The male is smaller than the female.
 Oxyconger leptognathus the Shorttail pike conger is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in the western Pacific Ocean from Japan to Australia.Froese Rainer and Pauly Daniel eds. (2011). Oxyconger leptognathus in FishBase. June 2011 version.
 Oenomaus floreus is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in lowland and lower montane habitats with wet or deciduous forests in eastern Ecuador and Brazil.
 Acalyptris hispidus is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 2000. It is known from Belize.
 Polygnamptia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mocis bahamica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Bahamas.
 The Chestnut-crowned Gnateater (Conopophaga castaneiceps) is a species of bird in the Conopophagidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Zeacumantus subcarinatus common name the southern creeper is a species of small sea snail or mud snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Potamididae the horn snails.
 Monetaria annulus common name the ring cowrie or gold ringer is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Orestias laucaensis is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Chile.
 The Malabar Lark or Malabar Crested Lark (Galerida malabarica) is a sedentary breeding bird in western India.This is a common bird of open country cultivation and scrub often at some altitude. It nests on the ground laying two to three eggs. Its food is seeds and insects the latter especially in the breeding season.This is a smallish lark slightly smaller than the Skylark. It has a long spiky erectile crest.
 Engina egregia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Viviparus acerosus is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae the river snails.
 Hippodamia tredecimpunctata commonly known as the thirteen-spot ladybird is a species of ladybird. Adult ladybirds have domed backs mainly oval often shiny with short legs and antennae. They have two wing covers. They are usually red to orange in color. This species has thirteen dark or black spots. The larvae are slightly flattened and covered with miniature spines. Very small eggs are laid in groups of 10-50 on undersides of leaves.
 Pangio longipinnis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Pangio.This species is considered to be likely a synonym of Lepidocephalichthys berdmorei.
 The White-browed Wagtail or Large Pied Wagtail (Motacilla maderaspatensis) is a medium-sized bird and is the largest member of the wagtail family. They are conspicuously patterned with black above and white below a prominent white brow shoulder stripe and outer tail feathers. They are common in small water bodies and have adapted to urban environments where they often nest on roof tops. The specific name is derived from the Indian city of Madras (now Chennai).
 Basacallis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Cashatt in 1969 and contains the species B. tarachodes. It is found in Panama Florida Mississippi and South Carolina.The wingspan is 16-23 mm. The forewings are light grey.
 Amphilochidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans containing the following genera:Afrogitanopsis G.
 Abolodoria abdominalis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Abolodoria of the family Tachinidae.
 The Macleay's Swallowtail (Graphium macleayanus) is a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae. The species was named after Alexander Macleay.
 Leucoptera argodes is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to Australia.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Stegastes fasciolatus commonly called the Pacific gregory is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the tropical western Indo-Pacific. It feeds on filamentous algae.
 Gymnosoma hamiense is an Asian species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Provence Hairstreak or Cardenillo (Tomares ballus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula Northern Africa and along the Mediterranean coast of France.The wingspan is 28–30 mm. The butterfly flies from January to April.The larvae feed on Astragalus lusitanicus Medicago Dorycnium Lotus and Anthyllis.
 The Southeast Asian Long-fingered Bat (Miniopterus fuscus) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Japan.
 Erna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hemiptera /hɛˈmɪptərə/ is an order of insects most often known as the true bugs (cf. bug) comprising around 50000–80000 species of cicadas aphids planthoppers leafhoppers shield bugs and others. They range in size from 1 mm (0.04 in) to around 15 cm (6 in) and share a common arrangement of sucking mouthparts.Sometimes the name true bugs is applied more narrowly still to insects of the suborder Heteroptera only.
 The desert pocket mouse (Chaetodipus penicillatus) is a North American species of heteromyid rodent found in the southwestern United States and Mexico. True to its common name the medium-sized desert pocket mouse prefers sandy sparsely vegetated desert environments.
 Aphnaeus neavei Neave’s Highflier is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-eastern Kenya. The habitat consists of dry savanna at altitudes below 200 meters.
 Leioseius is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
 Dinattus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Termieraspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Palearctia turkestana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov in 1996. It is found in the Turkestan Range.
 The Lesser Spotted Fritillary (Melitaea trivia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the southern part of the Palearctic ecozone. In Europe it is sometimes called desert fritillary but this name more accurately refers to the North African relative M. deserticola.The wingspan is 15–23 mm.The larvae feed on Verbascum species.
 Eupithecia dura is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 The Red-backed Shrike (Lanius collurio) is a carnivorous passerine bird and member of the shrike family Laniidae.
 Tetrapus is a genus of fig wasp native to the Americas. Fig wasps have an obligate mutualism with the fig species they pollinate. Tetrapus pollinates figs in the subgenus Pharmacosycea. Tetrapus appears to be a basal clade among the fig-pollinating wasps.The genus is estimated to be 87.5 million years old using cytochrome oxidase nucleotide sequences and more than 34.5 million years old based on a fossil from Florissant Colorado in the United States.
 Bufonaria elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Scopula ourebi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Andropolia diversilineata is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in western North America from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is about 44 mm. Adults are on wing in late summer.The larvae feed on Purshia tridentata.
 The Poplar Bud Borer Moth (Meroptera cviatella) is a species of snout moths in the genus Meroptera. It was described by Dyar in 1905 and is known from North America including Illinois Colorado Iowa Oklahoma and Quebec.The wingspan is 22-25 mm. The basal space costa and inner margin of the wing are broadly bright reddish brown while the center beyond the base is purplish gray.The larvae feed on the buds of Populus species.
 Grotella olivacea is a species of moth in the genus Grotella of the family Noctuidae. This moth species is found in North America including New Mexico its type location.
 The Christmas Island red crab Gecarcoidea natalis is a species of land crab that is endemic to Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands in the Indian Ocean. Although restricted to a relatively small area it has been estimated that 43.7 million adult red crabs lived on Christmas Island alone but the accidental introduction of the yellow crazy ant is believed to have killed about 10–15 million of these in recent years.
 Asthena albosignata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India Bhutan China and Kashmir.
 The Khasi Garra (Garra lissorhynchus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Clarkeulia sematica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Apatelodes heptaloba is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 The proboscis monkey (Nasalis larvatus) or long-nosed monkey known as the bekantan in Malay is a reddish-brown arboreal Old World monkey that is endemic to the south-east Asian island of Borneo.
 The reticulated collared lizard (Crotaphytus reticulatus) is a moderately sized lizard native to semiarid rocky regions of the Tamaulipan mezquital. Its range includes the American state of Texas and the Mexican states of Coahuila Nuevo León and Tamaulipas. Of all the species in its family Crotaphytidae C. reticulatus is the only one not restricted to rocky habitats.
 Andala is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae that is known from the Himalayas. It contains one species Andala unifascia. It is found in the north-western Himalayas Murree and Kussowlee.
 Conella ovulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Ostodes brazieri is a species of tropical land snail with gills and an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Manatees (family Trichechidae genus Trichechus) are large fully aquatic mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows. There are three accepted living species of Trichechidae representing three of the four living species in the order Sirenia: the Amazonian manatee (Trichechus inunguis) the West Indian manatee (Trichechus manatus) and the West African manatee (Trichechus senegalensis).
 Pterocalla punctata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Tephritidae.
 Cerapachys doryloides has been discovered and described by Borowiec M. L. in 2009.
 The Dinichthyloidea is an extinct superfamily of placoderms armored fish most diverse during the Devonian. They contain numerous extremely large species such as Titanichthys presumed to be a planktivore the apex predator Dinichthys as well as numerous other genera of diverse size and habits such as the tiny Rhachiosteus the superficially tuna-like Bungartius and the selenosteids and trematosteids.
 The Black-axil chromis is a damselfish from the tropical Indo-Pacific. This fish can reach almost 5 in (12 cm) in length. This fish inhabits lagoons and reefs. It often occurs in large numbers feeding above Acropora corals. This fish mostly feeds upon copepods amphipods and zoea.This fish is often confused with Chromis viridis. It differs from this species by having a black blotch at the base of the pectoral fin.
 Noctuides melanophia is a species of snout moths and the type species in the genus Noctuides. It was described by Staudinger in 1892 and is known from Russia Japan and Malaysia.
 The Intermediate Sphinx (Eumorpha intermedia) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives in North Carolina Florida Mississippi Louisiana and South Texas. The wingspan is 90-98 mm. It is similar to Eumorpha pandorus and Eumorpha satellitia licaon but closer to the latter. The forewing underside is dark brown with a distinct pink tinge especially on the hindwing. The hindwing upperside is similar in colour to Eumorpha satellitia licaon.Adults are on wing from April to October.
 Glyphipterix pseudomelania is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Arita and Heppner in 1992. It is found in Taiwan.
 Bothriomyrmex is a genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
 The Pinyon Tip Moth (Dioryctria albovittella) is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in North America including New Mexico.The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults are greyish. The forewings are marked in a zig-zag pattern. The hindwings are greyish white. Adult are on wing from late June to August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Pinyon pine. They feed underneath the bark of twig terminals producing girdling wounds that cause twig dieback.
 The Mouse-coloured Tapaculo or Serra do Mar Tapaculo (Scytalopus speluncae) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is endemic to humid highland forests in southeastern Brazil where it ranges from southwestern Espírito Santo to northeastern Rio Grande do Sul. Most of its range is in the Serra do Mar but it also occurs further inland in Paraná and Santa Catarina.
 Andania is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eremohadena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Burchia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Aplidium solidum is a species of colonial sea squirts a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae. It is commonly known as the red ascidian or sea pork.
 Sasakiconcha is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Anatomidae.
 Dasysyrphus venustus is a Europen species of hoverfly.
 Haplochromis estor is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species can reach a length of 17 centimetres (6.7 in) SL.
 Sinocyclocheilus jii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Leptopleuroninae is an extinct subfamily of procolophonid reptiles.
 Celaenorrhinus kimboza is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of limestone forest vegetation at the foot of the Uluguru Mountains.
 Asmussia murchisoniana was a Devonian crustacean of the class Branchiopoda. Like other clam shrimps Asmussia had a bivalved shell which was its only preserved part about 3 millimetres (0.12 in) long. It was probably a filter feeder or a scavenger.
 The Culebra Island giant anole (Anolis roosevelti) is an extremely rare or possibly extinct lizard of the genus Anolis in the family Polychrotidae.
 Nepotilla aculeata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Saphenista gilva is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The black mudfish Neochanna diversus is a galaxiid of the family Galaxiidae found only in swamps and wetlands in the northern half of the North Island of New Zealand from Kaitaia in the north to the Mokau River in the south. It is considered a local delicacy by the local Maori populace when prepared using ancestral cooking techniques. Its length is up to 12 cm.
 Obtortionidae is a family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily 	Cerithioidea that is within the clade Cerithimorpha or in clade Sorbeoconcha.The shell of the larva is ornamental.
 Cyanopepla orbona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Cophecheilus bamen is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. It is the only member of the monotypic genus Cophecheilus bamen. It was described in 2011 from a tributary of the Zou-Jiang a river in the Pearl River drainage in Jingxi County Guangxi China. The species name bamen is from Ba Men the local common name for this and similar fish.This fish is distinguished from related species by the morphology of its mouth including its lips and jaws.
 Pontia distorta the Small Meadow White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Ethiopia Somalia northern Kenya and possibly north-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub-desert thorn-bush areas.
 Gelechia cuneatella the Long-winged Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Douglas in 1852. It is found in northern central and eastern Europe. The habitat consists of river banks and marshes.The wingspan is 13-16 mm. Adult are on wing from August to September in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Salix species living within a spun or rolled leaf of their host plant.
 Kyptoceratini is an extinct tribe of the subfamily Synthetoceratinae deer-like mammals within the family Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla endemic to North America during the Miocene through Pliocene living 23.03—3.6 Ma existing for approximately 19.43 million years.
 Phyllonorycter pernivalis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Utah).The larvae feed on Acer grandidentatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a whitish tentiform mine. In the end the parenchyma is almost entirely consumed and the loosened epidermis is drawn into one heavy and several fine wrinkles. It is usually found in the middle of the leaf but sometimes at the tip of one of the lobes which is then bent under.
 Chrysoperla is a genus of green lacewings in the Neuropteran family Chrysopidae. Therein they belong to the Chrysopini the largest tribe of subfamily Chrysopinae.Members of this genus and the genus Chrysopa are very common in North America and Europe. They share similar characteristics and some species have been moved from one genus to the other and back.
 Yokoyamaceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Lanistes ciliatus is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is endemic to Kenya.
 Cypsiurus is a genus of the swift family of birds. There are two species Asian Palm Swift Cypsiurus balasiensis African Palm Swift Cypsiurus parvusThese very similar species were formerly considered to be conspecific. They have mainly pale brown plumage and long swept-back wings that resemble a crescent or a boomerang. The body is slender and the tail is long and deeply forked although it is usually held closed.
 Falsilunatia patagonica is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Diplacodes haematodes the Scarlet Percher is a species of dragonfly that occurs throughout Australia (except Tasmania) Timor New Guinea Vanuatu and New Caledonia. It is locally common in habitats with hot sunny exposed sites at or near rivers streams ponds and lakes. It often prefers to settle on hot rocks rather than twigs or leaves and is quite wary.This is a spectacular species of dragonfly although small in size. The male is brilliant red the female yellow-ochre.
 Zuercherella is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 The Antioquian sac-winged bat (Saccopteryx antioquensis) is a species of bat in the family Emballonuridae found in Colombia.
 Colostethus betancuri is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Danielithosia immaculata is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu Kyushu Shikoku Ryukyus) and Taiwan. There are also records from Singapore Bali China and the Philippines.The wingspan is 15–20 mm.
 The Mournful Underwing (Catocala flebilis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Massachusetts and Connecticut south to North Carolina and Georgia west to Arkansas and north to Michigan and Illinois and into southern Ontario.The wingspan is 45-65 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Carya glabra and Carya ovata.
 Vinculinula attacoides is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Walker in 1862. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon Mindanao).The wingspan is about 27 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is light greyish-violet with dark brown markings. The hindwings are yellowish-white with fine red-brown tones.
 Charaxes eudoxus the Eudoxus Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Sudan Uganda Rwanda Burundi Kenya Tanzania Cameroon and Zambia.
 Conus simonis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Saltenia is an extinct genus of frogs. It was assigned to the family Pipidae by R. L. Carroll in 1988 and again in 2005 by A. M. Báez and T. Harrison. The single described species Saltenia ibanezi is thought to have lived in South America in the Late Cretaceous. Its closest living relative are the frogs in the genus Silurana.
 The White-throated Grasswren (Amytornis woodwardi) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aphelaeceras is an extinct genus from the nautilid family Trigonoceratidae which is part of the Trigonocerataceae that lived during the Mississippian Period in the late Paleozoic—a nautiloid cephalopodAphelaeceras is evolute compressed with a wide umbilicus and small dorsal impression. Whorl section is subrectangular with convex sides that slope toward a concave venter. Ventral shoulder are subangular umbilical shoulders broadly rounded.
 Fulvia is a genus of cockles marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae. Most species are found in the Indo-Pacific and in Australian waters.
 Hybochelus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chilodontidae (formerly in the family Trochidae the top snails).
 The Berlepsch's Canastero (Asthenes berlepschi) is a species of Ovenbird in the Furnariidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.The bird's common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German ornithologist and collector Hans von Berlepsch.
 Soaring Free (foaled January 28 1999 in Ontario) is a retired Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Crithe marianoi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Dialoxa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eupithecia submiranda is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Surinam.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are dingy olive-ochreous. The markings are dull dark grey. The hindwings are similar but the grey markings are much duller.
 The Tarella shrew (Crocidura tarella) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The desert iguana (Dipsosaurus dorsalis) is one of the most common lizards of the Sonoran and Mojave deserts of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. They also occur on several Gulf of California islands. Their color is mostly grey and green.
 Porcelliidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 The Bay Woodpecker (Blythipicus pyrrhotis) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Cambodia China Hong Kong India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Gymnasura semilutea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan and China.The wingspan is 15-20 mm. Adults are on wing in June.
 Lacuna is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Blue Swords (1940 - ) was an American Thoroughbred race horse who debuted as a two-year-old in 1942. Bred in Kentucky by Samuel D. Riddle he was owned by Allen T. Simmons of Akron Ohio a rubber mogul and radio station operator. He was rated a close rival of Occupation owned by Chicago Illinois contractor John Marsch in horse racing competition in the Western United States.Blue Swords was a son of Blue Larkspur and Flaming Swords whose father was Man o' War.
 Hasselt's bamboo shark Chiloscyllium hasseltii is a bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae found around Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia between latitudes 23° N and 10° N and longitude 91° E and 133° E; residing inshore. Its length is up to 60 cm.Features: Much like Chioscyllium punctatum adults usually have not color patterns yet the juveniles have transverse dark bands with black edging.Reproduction: These sharks are Oviparous.
 Anabarilius brevianalis is a species of cyprinid fish from the Jinsha River basin in China.
 The Crimson-collared Grosbeak (Rhodothraupis celaeno) is a medium-size seed- and leaf-eating bird in the same family as the Northern Cardinal Cardinalidae.The Crimson-collared Grosbeak is primarily found in northeastern Mexico from central Nuevo León and central Tamaulipas south to northern Veracruz; however it occasionally strays into the Rio Grande Valley of southern Texas mostly in winter.Mature males have black plumage with a dull red (Sibley 2000) or pinkish red (Howell and Webb 1995) collar on the nape shoulders and belly (much like the Crimson-collared Tanager); the belly is mottled with black. 
 Agrotis alexandriensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the coastal dunes and saline deserts along the shores of the Mediterranean Sea from Tunisia to Egypt. It was also recorded from the sand dunes of the Southern Coastal Plain in Israel.Adults are on wing in October November and/or April depending on the location. There are two generations per year.
 Rhinocypha uenoi is a species of damselfly in family Chlorocyphidae. It is endemic to Japan. Rhinocypha uenoi are a very endangered spices.
 Ravoux's slavemaker ant (Myrmoxenus ravouxi) is a species of slave-making ant endemic to Europe. The species are helotistic that is they oppress another species of ant in order to sustain their colony. The queen will fake death to entice ants from another colony to drag her back to their nest where she awakens and kills the nest's original queen. She will then cover herself in the dead queen's pheromones and will begin producing eggs.
 Josia gigantea is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found from southern Mexico to Colombia.Larvae have been recorded on Passiflora sexflora and Passiflora apatela in Costa Rica.
 Inbiocystiscus gomezi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Cyrtophleba is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Cape whitefish or Berg-breede River whitefish (Barbus andrewi) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is placed in the wastebin genus Barbus – the typical barbels and relatives – by default. Actually though it is far less closely related to the typical barbels than to the South African redfins in Pseudobarbus and may well belong in the latter genus. Like Pseudobarbus but unlike most other African barbs it is tetraploid.
 Bernathonomus punktata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Hyposmocoma cleodorella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kona where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Correbia oberthuri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Peru and Bolivia.
 Alopecosa psammophila is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary and Russia.
 The Yellow-billed Nunbird (Monasa flavirostris) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 Nebria lyelli is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the U.S. state of California.
 Eriphus viridis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Fragoso in 1996.
 Aspella lozoueti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The McGregor's Cuckooshrike or Sharp-tailed Cuckooshrike (Coracina mcgregori) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is sometimes placed in the genus Lalage or placed in its own genus Malindangia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Calliotropis minorusaitoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Mecistophylla spodoptera is a species of snout moths in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Lower in 1907 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 Neocoenyra is an Afrotropical butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 Eugoa sordida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Merimnetria lanaiensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is endemic to Lanai.
 Exuperius is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956 and contains the species E. negator. It is found in Peru.
 Hardwicke's bloodsucker (Brachysaura minor) is an agamid lizard found in Pakistan (Sindh) and India. It is the only species of the genus Brachysaura.
 Plotosus lineatus common name Striped eel catfish is a species of eeltail catfishes belonging to the family Plotosidae.
 Barremites is an ammonoid cephalopod belonging to the family Desmoceratidae that lived during the Hauterivian and Barremian stages of the Early Cretaceous. Its shell is moderately to very involute with the outer whorl strongly embracing the inner whorls and variably compressed.
 Stigmella alaurulenta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Honshu in Japan.Adults were found in mid May. There are probably two or more generations per year.The larvae feed on Malus sieboldii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Hypectopa ornithograpta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 Ethmia nigrimaculata is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in China (Shansi) Ukraine Russia (Central Tuva and the southern Chita Province) and probably Mongolia.
 Nicrophorus tenuipes is a burying beetle described by Lewis in 1887.
 Celaenorrhinus ankasa the Ankasa Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 Isoplenodia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It formerly consisted of only one species Isoplenodia arrogans found on Madagascar but new species were described in 2010.
 Calliphlox is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It contains the following species:Bahama Woodstar Calliphlox evelynaeMagenta-throated Woodstar Calliphlox bryantaePurple-throated Woodstar Calliphlox mitchelliiAmethyst Woodstar Calliphlox amethystina
 Xenorma is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species:Xenorma australis Prout 1918Xenorma biorbiculata (Warren 1909) Xenorma cytheris (Druce 1891) Xenorma exturbata Hering 1925Xenorma grandimacula Hering 1925Xenorma leucocrypta (Dognin 1909) Xenorma ovata (Dognin 1900) Xenorma pictifrons (Warren 1907) Xenorma ravida Miller 2008
 Agrotis charmocrita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Molokai.
 Scoparia dicteella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in mainland Greece and on Crete.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Adetomyrma clarivida is a species of ant that belongs to the Adetomyrma genus. They are a blind species of ant that are native to Madagascar. They were recently described by Yoshimura & Fisher in 2012.
 Odostomia marginata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Flame Carpet Xanthorhoe designata is a moth of the genus Xanthorhoe in the family Geometridae.
 Crossomeles is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Crossomeles acutipennis Chemsak & Noguera 1993 Crossomeles aureopilis (Fisher 1953)↑
 Omocestus rufipes the 'Woodland Grasshopper' is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae.
 Euproctoides is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Andraca melli is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang Jiangxi Fujian Guangdong Hainan) Vietnam and Thailand.The wingspan is 37–39 millimetres (1.5–1.5 in). The head is thinly covered with brown-green hairs. The forewings are bluntly pointed apically and the outer edge is smooth and straight. The tornus is nearly rectangular.The larvae feed on Camellia sinensis Camellia oleifera Fraxinus pennsylvanica Ternstroemia japonica and Pentaphylax euryoides.
 The Glasswing or Small Greasy (Acraea andromacha) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Australia New Guinea and surrounding islands. See the subspecies section for more details.The wingspan is about 60 mm.The larvae feed on Adenia heterophylla Passiflora cinnabarina Passiflora herbertiana Passiflora foetida Passiflora mollissima Passiflora suberosa Passiflora subpeltata Hybanthus aurantiacus and Hybanthus enneaspermus.
 Eudonia loxocentra is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 The Pamplemousse (foaled April 19 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was a contender for the 2009 Kentucky Derby and Triple Crown but had to withdraw due to injury. His regular jockey is Alex Solis.
 Prymnbriareus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 The striped clingfish Trachelochismus melobesia is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae found all around New Zealand from low water to about 5 m on rocky coastlines. Its length is between 5 and 10 cm.
 St Amant (1901–1920) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1903 to 1906 he ran twenty-one times and won six races. As a three-year-old in 1901 he won both the 2000 Guineas and the Epsom Derby but failed to win the English Triple Crown when he was well beaten in the St Leger by the filly Pretty Polly. He was kept in training for two more seasons but won only one more race before being retired.
 Elachista cinereopunctella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Scandinavia and Russia to the Iberian Peninsula and Italy and from Ireland to Poland.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in)The larvae feed on Carex digitata Carex ericetorum Carex flacca Carex humilis Carex ornithopoda Carex pilosa Deschampsia cespitosa Melica and Sesleria caerulea. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Boreotrophon albus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cephalotes ramiphilus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Vamuna maculata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1878. It is found in India (Sikkim) and on Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo.Adults display sexual dimorphism with males having browner forewings and yellower hindwings with more extensive black borders.
 Precis rauana the Montane Commodore is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria from Cameroon to the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.Both sexes are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Plastostema and Plectranthus species.
 Lithosia gynaegrapha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Joan in 1930. It is found in Vietnam.
 The Sira Curassow (Pauxi koepckeae) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found in the Cerros del Sira in southeastern Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xenoceltitidae are evolute generally ribbed upper Lower Triassic Ceratitida with ceratitic or goniatitic sutures; formerly included in the Noritaceae but now placed in the Xenodiscaceae. The Xenoceltitidae are derived from the Ophiceratidae.
 Pagodula procera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The whitesaddled catshark Scyliorhinus hesperius is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found on the upper continental slope of the western central Atlantic from Honduras Panama and Colombia between latitudes 22° N and 9° N at depths of between 275 and 460 m. Its length is up to 47 cm.Reproduction is oviparous.
 Aenetus arfaki is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from the Arfak Mountains in New Guinea.
 Anartomima is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Paranthropus boisei or Australopithecus boisei was an early hominin described as the largest of the Paranthropus genus (robust australopithecines). It lived in Eastern Africa during the Pleistocene epoch from about 2.3 until about 1.2 million years ago.
 Muraena melanotis is a moray eel found in the eastern and western Atlantic ocean. It is commonly known as the Honeycomb moray.
 Scopula origalis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran (Laristan).The wingspan is 18-18.5 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in mid of November.
 Cribrarula cribraria the 'Sieve/Tan and White Cowry' is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Afrivoluta is a genus of large deepwater sea snails with glossy shells marine gastropod molluscs in the family Marginellidae the marginellids.
 Glyphipterix oligastra is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1926. It is found in Colombia.
 Prodicella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Trialeurodes is a large genus of whiteflies in the family Aleyrodidae.
 Carpomya is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Sarawak pygmy swellshark (Cephaloscyllium sarawakensis) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found in the benthic zone near the edge of the Pacific continental shelf at depths of 118–165 m.
 Euzophera cornutella is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Roesler in 1965 and is known from China.
 Exguiana postflavida is a species of snout moths in the genus Exguiana. It was described by Dyar in 1923 and is known from French Guiana.
 Hylophorbus picoides is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Zerpanotia is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Electrostrymon is a genus of Neotropical butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Abyssinian hare (Lepus habessinicus) is a species of mammal in the Leporidae family. It is almost entirely restricted to the nations of the Horn of Africa though it extends marginally into eastern Sudan and may also occur in far northern Kenya. It has been suggested it should be considered conspecific with the Cape hare but is considered a separate species based on (presumed) sympatry in their distributions.
 Cochranella ramirezi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Geridixis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Geridixis minx which is found in Panama.
 Pachycarus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pachycarus aculeatus Reiche & Saulcy 1855 Pachycarus artipunctatus (Dvorak 1993) Pachycarus atrocoeruleus (Waltl 1838) Pachycarus brevipennis Chaudoir 1850 Pachycarus cyaneus (Dejean 1830) Pachycarus latreillei Solier 1835 Pachycarus macedonicus V. & B. Gueorguiev 1997↑
 The Buff-necked Ibis (Theristicus caudatus) also known as the White-throated Ibis is a fairly large ibis found widely in open habitats of eastern and northern South America. It formerly included the similar Black-faced Ibis as a subspecies but that species is almost entirely restricted to colder parts of South America has a buff (not dark grey) lower chest and lacks the contrasting large white wing-patches.
 Fulgurofusus aequilonius is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Arhopala matsutaroi [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. Forewing length:19mm. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is uncommon and found only on Mindanao Island.
 Bertelia dupla is a species of snout moth. It is found in North America including Texas.The wingspan is 23-27 mm.
 The Brown Wood Rail (Aramides wolfi) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.The binomial of this bird commemorates the German naturalist Theodor Wolf.
 Hierodoris illita is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Felder & Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in New Zealand.The wingspan is 20–30 mm. The forewings are blackish variably overlain with reddish and whitish scales. The hindwings are blackish with a orange streaks.The larvae feed on Coriaria arborea. They feed inside a woody stem or branch of their host plant. A specimen has also been reared from a gall on a stem of Muehlenbeckia australis.
 Agaronia testacea common name the Panama false olive is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Popillia is a genus of scarab beetles. The most familiar species is the Japanese beetle (P. japonica) which is responsible for crop losses around the world and is near the top of the insect pest lists year after year.
 Xylophanes lamontagnei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela Ecuador and Peru.It is similar to Xylophanes ceratomioides but can be distinguished by the cream coloured hindwing postmedian band which is separated by dark lines along the veins into distinct lunules.
 Cochylimorpha obliquana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Austria Slovakia Hungary Romania and Russia (Sarepta Uralsk Emba northern Caucasus).The wingspan is 13-19 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on Artemisia maritima.
 Procypha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The confused flour beetle (Tribolium confusum) a type of darkling beetle known as a flour beetle is a common pest insect known for attacking and infesting stored flour and grain. They are one of the most common and most destructive insect pests for grain and other food products stored in silos warehouses grocery stores and homes.
 Coleophora aphanombra is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Nebria mathildae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Hebei province of China.
 Pseudoradiarctia tanzanica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Haynes in 2011. It is found in Tanzania.
 The White-winged Robin (Peneothello sigillata) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae.
 Karanisia is an extinct genus of strepsirrhine primate and is represented by two species K. clarki and K. arenula. Originally considered a crown lorisid more comprehensive phylogenetic analyses suggest it is a more basal to living strepsirrhines either as a stem lorisid or stem lemuroid.K. clarki was described in 2003 from isolated teeth and jaw fragments found in Late Middle Eocene (c. 40 million years ago) sediments of the Birket Qarun Formation in the Egyptian Faiyum.
 Crossosalarias macrospilus the Triplespot blenny is a species combtooth blenny from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The carpet flatworm Thysanozoon brocchii is a polyclad flatworm in the family Pseudocerotidae.
 Caloptilia parasticta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Meghalaya).
 Provanna nassariaeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Mixobrycon ribeiroi is a species of characin endemic to Paraguay where it is found in the Paraguay River basin. It is the only member of its genus.
 Bos planifrons (flat-fronted cattle) was a bovine species from the Siwaliks of India and Pakistan. It may have been the ancestor of the Indian Aurochs Bos primigenius namadicus. Its type is a skull.
 Phyllocnistis cirrhophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India.The hostplant for the species is Alseodaphne semecarpifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a spiral. Later it becomes an undulating gallery under the upper cuticle of the leaf always confined to the edge of the leaf and producing blackish discolouration.
 Bathytoma viabrunnea common name the brown-banded turrid is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Hypatopa erato is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 6.2 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brownish-orange and brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Bellulia kononenkoi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Taiwan.The wingspan is 12-13 mm. The forewing is brown dark or light. The hindwing is blackish brown without a discal spot. The underside is unicolorous blackish grey with a small discal spot.
 Diceratocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Terebra deshayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Rhagodia is a genus in the arachnid order Solifugae comprising four species. R. abessinica is found in Ethiopia while the other three species are found in the Near East from Turkey to Pakistan.
 Squalus is a large genus of dogfish sharks one of two genera in the family Squalidae.
 Taeniotes scalatus is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily.
 Phyllonorycter baldensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in northern Italy.
 Buchema granulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 Arinia boreoborneensis is a species of small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Malaysia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Manduca lucetius is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Surinam Brazil Ecuador Peru Bolivia and Paraguay.There is variation in the shape of the forewings. There are conspicuous black patches on the forewing upperside which together with the patch in the discal cell form a large semicircle filled with black scaling.The larvae feed on Lycopersicon species (including Lycopersicon esculentum) Brugmansia arborea Brunfelsia uniflora Capsicum annuum and Solanum sisymbriifolium.
 Cirrhophanus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Megalagrion jugorum is an extinct species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that was endemic to the island of Maui in Hawaii.
 Liotyphlops beui is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Anomalepididae family. The species is endemic to Brazil where it is common.[citation needed]
 Hyalurga hoppi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 The Crab-plover or Crab Plover (Dromas ardeola) is a bird related to the waders but sufficiently distinctive to merit its own family Dromadidae. Its relationship within the Charadriiformes is unclear some have considered it to be closely related to the thick-knees or the pratincoles while others have considered it closer to the auks and gulls. It is the only member of the genus Dromas and is unique among waders in making use of ground warmth to aid incubation of the eggs.
 Morley Street (1984-–2009) was a British racehorse. He was a specialist hurdler but also won steeplechases and races on the flat. In a racing career which lasted from November 1988 until December 1995 he ran forty-five times and won twenty races including the Champion Hurdle in 1991 and the Aintree Hurdle on four successive occasions. He won the title of American Champion Steeplechase Horse on two occasions as a result of back-to-back wins in the Breeders' Cup Steeplechase.
 Trichura fumida is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1914. It is found in Trinidad.
 The Long-tailed Shrike or Rufous-backed Shrike (Lanius schach) is a member of the bird family Laniidae the shrikes. They are found widely distributed across Asia and there are variations in plumage across the range. The species ranges across much of Asia both on the mainland and the eastern archipelagos. The eastern or Himalayan subspecies L. s. tricolor is sometimes called the Black-headed Shrike.
 Monnechroma is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Monnechroma azurea (Demets 1976) Monnechroma hovorei (Giesbert 1998) Monnechroma seabrai (Fragoso & Monné 1989) Monnechroma subpulvereum (Schmidt 1924) Monnechroma tibialis (Giesbert 1987) Monnechroma uniforme (Gounelle 1911)↑
 The Turtle-Headed Sea Snake (Emydocephalus annulatus) is a species of sea snake that can be found in waters of Oceania near Australia and some Pacific Islands like the Philippines and the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia. The range is sporadic for example with populations distributed in the Eastern and Western coasts of Australia in the Great Barrier Reef and the Timor Sea reefs respectively. They do not however occur in the Gulf of Carpentaria along the North coast.
 Eleutherodactylus sanctaemartae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Isabela Oriole (Oriolus isabellae) is an endemic species of the Oriole family found on Luzon the Philippines. The bird that was presumed extinct for many years until it rediscovery in December 1993 near Diffun Quirino and in Mansarong Baggao Cagayan in September 1994. Additional sightings were made in 2004 near San Mariano Isabela.
 Erronea pyriformis common name the Pear-shaped Cowrie is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Nebria heegeri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Chornagora and Gorgany Mountains of Ukraine. The males are brown coloured while the females are black. Both sexes are 11 millimetres (0.43 in) long.
 Acroncosa albiflavella is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in western North America including New Mexico and California.The wingspan is 18-21 mm. Adults have white forewings. The transverse white lines are lost in the ground colour and the antemedial line is indicated only by a broad oblique inner orange band extending from the inner margin to the costa.
 Ischnocnema verrucosa is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xylinophylla hypocausta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia Singapore Sumatra and Borneo.The species has been treated as a subspecies of Xylinophylla maculate for some time.The larvae feed on Aleurites moluccana.
 Marginella himburgae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Prochola sancticola is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found on the Virgin Islands.
 Onagrodes eucineta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 The African Collared Dove (Streptopelia roseogrisea) is a small dove found in Africa in the arid region south of the Sahara. Its range extends in a band right across the continent and into southern Arabia. Although it lives in arid lands it is found around water sources.This bird is typically around 26 cm in length. Its upper body from shoulders to tail is a pale grayish brown though the wing edge has a bluish tinge. Flight feathers are darker and nearly black.
 Acanthurus mata is a marine tropical fish belonging to the family of the Acanthuridae or surgeonfishes. Its common names are Elongate surgeonfish and Blue-lined surgeonfish.
 Ectoedemia capensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Cape Province).
 Subsimplicia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Turbonilla musorstom is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hymenochirus curtipes also known as Western Dwarf Clawed Frog is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo possibly Central African Republic and possibly Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.British Labour politician and first elected mayor of London Ken Livingstone was the first ever person to breed Hymenochirus curtipes in captivity.
 Lioglyphostoma hendersoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Oligolepis is a genus of fish in the goby family Gobiidae native to marine fresh and brackish waters of the coastal areas of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Coelotrochus polychroma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Ortalis obliqua is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Puna Tapaculo (Scytalopus simonsi) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Oncorhynchus rastrosus (synonym Smilodonichthys rastrosus) also known as the sabertooth salmon is an extinct species of salmon that lived along the Pacific coast of North America first appearing in the late Miocene of California then dying out some time during the Pleistocene. Adults grew to be 2.7 m (9 ft) in length and are believed to have been anadromous like their living relatives.
 Falcuna synesia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Gabon the Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Bulmer's fruit bat (Aproteles bulmerae) is a megabat endemic to New Guinea. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and hunting. It is the only member of the genus Aproteles.
 Stultutragus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stultutragus bifasciatus (Zajciw 1965) Stultutragus cerdai (Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2003) Stultutragus crotonaphilus Clarke 2010 Stultutragus endoluteus Bezark Santos-Silva & Martins 2011 Stultutragus fenestratus (Lucas 1857) Stultutragus linsleyi (Fisher 1947) Stultutragus maytaybaphilus Clarke 2010 Stultutragus nigricornis Fisher 1947 Stultutragus poecilus (Bates 1873) Stultutragus xantho (Bates 1873)↑
 Niveria harriettae is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.This species was described by Dirk Fehse and Jozef Grego in 2010 and is known from the Caribbean Sea.
 Euxoa foeda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Altai Mountains through the Near East and Middle East to Turkey and the Levant.Adults are on wing in June to September. There is one generation per year.
 Cyclophora calama is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Madeira River basin.
 Siratus consuela is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ochrota malagassa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Madagascar.
 Uracontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lamoria oenochroa is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Turner in 1905. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Favartia (Murexiella) taylorae taylorae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Vexillum crocatum common name : the saffron mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Terebra gaiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Pseudojudomia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 The desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria) is a species of locust. Plagues of desert locusts have threatened agricultural production in Africa the Middle East and Asia for centuries. The livelihood of at least one-tenth of the world’s human population can be affected by this voracious insect. The desert locust is potentially the most dangerous of the locust pests because of the ability of swarms to fly rapidly across great distances. It has two to five generations per year.
 Condica concisa is a species of moth belonging to the genus Condica. The males and females can be hard to tell apart as they are mostly the same colour (brown) but a mainly distinguishing feature which helps to identify the moth's gender is that the hindwing of the males is white whereas the female hindwing is light brown. The moths are quite abundant as they can be found from the northern part of Argentina to Florida and Texas.
 Cyrotyphus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 Cardisoma armatum is a species of terrestrial crab.
 The Isabella Tiger Moth (Pyrrharctia isabella) can be found in many cold regions including the Arctic. The banded Woolly Bear larva emerges from the egg in the fall and overwinters in its caterpillar form when it literally freezes solid. It survives being frozen by producing a cryoprotectant in its tissues. In the spring it thaws out and emerges to pupate.
 Tanystoma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae. They are native to the Pacific Coast of North America from Oregon to Baja California.Species include: Tanystoma cuyama Liebherr 1985 Tanystoma diabolica Liebherr 1989 Tanystoma maculicolle (Dejean 1828) Tanystoma striata (Dejean 1828) Tanystoma sulcata (Dejean 1828)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2
 Amauris inferna is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon Equatorial Guinea the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males mud-puddle.
 Plusiopalpa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coleophora hololeucella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria and Egypt.The larvae feed on Atriplex parvifolia and Chenopodium species. They feed on the leaves and possibly also on the fruits of their host plant.
 Pectinaria australis is one of at least ten species of polychaete worms of the family Pectinariidae. It is the only pectinariid species endemic to New Zealand.
 Falsimargarita is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Ornipholidotos kivu is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu). The habitat consists of forests.
 The Waccamaw fatmucket scientific name Lampsilis fullerkati is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 The penduline tits constitute a family of small passerine birds related to the true tits. All but the Verdin and Fire-capped Tit make elaborate bag nests hanging from trees (whence penduline hanging) usually over water; inclusion of the Fire-capped Tit in this family is disputed by some authorities[citation needed].
 Dellamora ochracea is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1930.
 Dermomurex gofasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eulima incolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Trypeta cyanogaster is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Snake River sucker (Chasmistes muriei) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in Wyoming. It is presumed extinct.
 Bucanetes is a genus of finches containing the following species: Trumpeter Finch Bucanetes githagineus Mongolian Finch Bucanetes mongolicus
 Acrolepiopsis vesperella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in Germany France Spain Portugal Italy Croatia Serbia and Montenegro Greece and on the Canary Islands.The larvae feed on Smilax aspera Smilax canariensis Tamus communis and Tamus edulis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. On Smilax species young larvae make a short corridor which is almost completely filled with frass. Older larvae live freely at the leaf underside under a frass-covered web.
 Alicellidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans which live as scavengers in the deep sea (at depths of 706–8480 metres or 2316–27822 feet) often in association with hydrothermal vents. The family includes the following genera:Alicella Chevreux 1899Apotectonia Barnard & Ingram 1990Diatectonia Barnard & Ingram 1990Paralicella Chevreux 1908Tectovalopsis Barnard & Ingram 1990Transtectonia Barnard & Ingram 1990↑ ↑
 Poliopastea maroniensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Episparis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Prays xeroloxa is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family.
 Calisto hysius is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola.The wingspan is 16.5–17.5 mm.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Nabis pseudoferus is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.This insect shows promise as an agent of biological pest control against the South American tomato pinkworm (Tuta absoluta).
 Pricklefishes are a family Stephanoberycidae of fishes in the order Stephanoberyciformes.They are found in tropical and subtropical waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and to the Indian Ocean off the coast of South Africa.They are deep-water fishes only living below 1000 metres (3300 ft) and have been found down to 5000 metres (16000 ft).
 Vermetus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Cibyra danieli is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Brazil.
 Problepsis plagiata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from north-eastern China to Japan Korea and south-eastern Russia.
 Rhabdotis ugandensis is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Thisizima fasciaria is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in China (Fujian Hong Kong).The wingspan is 13−15 mm for males male and 17 mm for females. The forewing groundcolor is bright white with a black triangular patch from the costal margin to the dorsum on the basal 1/6 and an oblique black fascia from the basal 1/3 to just before the middle of the dorsum.
 Pingasa chloroides is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Hongkong Fujian Guangdong).
 Cyclograpsus is a genus of crabs containing the following species:Around three further species are known only from fossils dating from the Miocene:Cyclograpsus directus Karasawa 1989Cyclograpsus rectangularis Karasawa 1989↑ ↑ ↑
 Xenaroswellianinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains the single genus Xenaroswelliana with the single species Xenaroswelliana deltaquadrant.
 National Spirit (foaled 1941) was a British National Hunt horse best known for winning the Champion Hurdle twice as well as the Rank Challenge Cup at Fontwell three times. He was one of the best hurdlers in the post-war era and was also an excellent dual-purpose horse winning several major races on the Flat. Along with Irish hurdler Hatton’s Grace National Spirit was one of the most popular horses of his time
 The Maule tuco-tuco (Ctenomys maulinus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is found in Argentina and Chile.
 Philodromus johani is a spider species found in Greece.
 Eumara is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Eumara hiekei Straneo 1990 Eumara maindroni Tschitscherine 1901 Eumara negrei Straneo 1967 Eumara obscura (Putzeys 1875)↑
 Turbonilla nychia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Araripichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Carcharocles angustidens is a prehistoric megatoothed shark which lived during the Oligocene and Miocene epochs approximately 35 to 22 million years ago. This shark is believed to be closely related to another extinct megatoothed shark C. megalodon. However just as in the case of C. megalodon the classification of this species is also under dispute.
 Puntius deccanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is endemic to India.
 Corematura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The spotted giant flying squirrel (Petaurista elegans) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal and Vietnam.
 Teinoptera gafsana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Morocco through all north-western Africa to Libya. It is also found in the central Arabian deserts Iraq and Israel.Adults are on wing from February to April. There is one generation per year.
 Manduca manducoides is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia Argentina Paraguay and Brazil.It is can be distinguished from other species in the Manduca genus by the dark forewing upperside with few paler markings the hindwing upperside with an extensive white basal area and the underside of the thorax and abdomen which are suffused with pink. There are three yellow side patches located on the abdomen.
 Mordellistena macropphthalma is a species of beetles is the Mordellidae family.
 Crepidula moulinsii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese pant snails.
 Erythrolamprus bizona commonly known as the false coral snake is a species of colubrid snake which is endemic to northern South America and Central America.
 The Baton Blue (Pseudophilotes baton) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Central and Southern Europe.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September.The larvae feed on Thyme Clinopodium acinos Lavender and Mentha.
 Pisaurina mira is a species of spider in the family Pisauridae the members of which are commonly called nursery web spiders. They are similar to wolf spiders (Lycosidae) and to the long-legged water spiders (Trechaleidae).
 The common wasp (Vespula vulgaris) is found in much of Eurasia and has been introduced to Australia and New Zealand. It is often said to occur in Europe and North America as well in which case it is called the common yellowjacket but a 2010 study argues that the North American populations are a separate species Vespula alascensis.The common wasp is a eusocial vespid that builds its grey paper nest in or on a structure capable of supporting it.
 Xiphophorus multilineatus is a fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is found in Central America.
 The red lemur (Eulemur rufus) also known as the rufous brown lemur or northern red-fronted lemur is a species of lemur from Madagascar. Until 2001 the species E. rufus was considered a subspecies of the common brown lemur E. fulvus after which it was classified as its own species. In December 2008 the species was split into two separate species the red lemur E. rufus distributed in dry lowland forests in northwestern Madagascar and the red-fronted lemur E.
 Conus floccatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Osmia lignaria commonly known as the orchard mason bee or blue orchard bee is a megachilid bee that makes nests in reeds and natural holes creating individual cells for their brood that are separated by mud dividers. Unlike carpenter bees they cannot drill holes in wood. O. lignaria is a common species used for early spring fruit bloom in Canada and the United States though a number of other Osmia species are cultured for use in pollination.
 Brachinus berytensis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria Cyprus and Greece. It can also be found in the Near Eastern countries such as Armenia Turkey (more precisely Asia Minor) Israel Lebanon and Syria. The species look similar to Brachinus bombarda.
 The Guava moth (Argyresthia eugeniella) is a moth found in Florida as well as Australia. The moth was blown to New Zealand on favourable winds in the 1990s and is now found at least nine types of fruit.The wingspan is 7–8 mm. The forewings are dark golden brown with a violet sheen and with darker brown transverse reticulation. The hindwings are light silvery fuscous.Females penetrate guavas and lay their eggs inside the plant. In its larval form it tunnels through the guavas damaging them.
 Oxycantha is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Yellow-footed Flycatcher or Yellow-footed Alseonax (Muscicapa sethsmithi) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Sara Orangetip or Pacific Orangetip (Anthocharis sara) is a butterfly which ranges along the Pacific coast of North America from Alaska to Mexico.
 Gangarides is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Acrobasis bifidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Leech in 1889. It is found in China Japan and Korea.
 Varifula is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Mescinia estrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Mescinia. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913 and is known from the Everglades in Florida U.S.A.Mescinia Estrella can grow to be almost a foot long in wing span. Many africans have created stories revolving around the mouth and its giant wings. One includes the depiction of a small child being taken from the village in the middle of the night and never heard from again.
 Hypselodoris apolegma is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Cosmeptera is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Gastromyzon ctenocephalus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Harttia longipinna is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper São Francisco River basin. This species grows to a length of 10.7 centimetres (4.2 in) SL.
 Dendroctonus is a genus of bark beetles.
 Anthaxia thalassophila is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae subfamily Buprestinae.This beetle is present in France Italy Greece Spain Portugal Switzerland former Yugoslavia and Albania.Main larval host plants are in genus Pistacia Quercus Castanea Fraxinus and Olea.
 Micronygmia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Gorgopis pallidiflava is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Indolyrocephalus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Alvania dijkstrai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Tylomelania palicolarum is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.The specific name palicolarum is according to the Latin words pile that means pile and Latin word colus. The specific name refer to stilt houses that were built around the lake.
 Organobapta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Paralepetopsis ferrugivora is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neolepetopsidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Sciota lucipetella is a species of snout moths in the genus Sciota. It was described by Jalava in 1978. It is found in Finland Estonia and Latvia. It has also been recorded from Russia.The wingspan is 17–22 mm.
 Haplochrois theae is a species of moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from western Transcaucasia and Anatolia to China. It probably originated from south-east Asia. During the 20th century this species was a serious pest on tea plantations in Georgia and to a lesser degree in the Krasnodar Territory of Russia.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Camellia sinensis and Camellia japonica and is considered a pest.
 Stigmella arbatella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from Morocco.
 Cyprinus is the genus of typical carps in family Cyprinidae. They are of East Asian origin and closely related to some more barb-like genera such Cyclocheilichthys and the recently established Barbonymus (tinfoils). The crucian carps (Carassius) of western Eurasia which include the goldfish (C. auratus) are apparently not as closely related.This genus' most widespread and well-known member is the common carp (C. carpio).
 Pectinodonta marinovichi is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pectinodontidae one of the families of true limpets.
 The Honeysuckle Moth (Ypsolopha dentella) is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Europe Anatolia north-eastern China Russia and Mideast Asia. It is also present in North America where it is known from the eastern United States and southern Canada.The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Honeysuckle Symphoricarpos albus and Weigela.
 Dendrophryniscus stawiarskyi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia calientes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Chile and/or Peru.
 The Little Striped Whiptail (Cnemidophorus inornatus) is a species of lizard found in the United States in Arizona New Mexico and Texas and in northern Mexico in Chihuahua Coahuila Durango Zacatecas San Luis Potosí and Nuevo León. The species had a significant amount of research done on it during the mid-1990s with several new subspecies being added many of which some sources consider to be distinct enough to warrant full species status and the research is ongoing.
 The Antilles catshark (Galeus antillensis) is a common but little-known species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae. It is found on or near the bottom at a depth of 293–695 m (961–2280 ft) off Florida and the West Indies from Jamaica to Martinique. It was once regarded as a subspecies of the similar roughtail catshark (G. arae) along with the longfin sawtail catshark (G. cadenati).
 Ctenucha albipars is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Dysphania is a genus of colourful moths in the family Geometridae. With a typical wingspan of 5–8.5 centimetres (2.0–3.3 in) they are relatively large compared to most members of this family. Most Dysphania are day-flying but there are also nocturnal species. They are found in northeast Australia Melanesia and south east and southeast Asia.
 Bondia maleficana is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1882. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland and New South Wales.
 Delias bagoe is a member of the Pieridae family that lives in Asia. The caterpillars feed on Loranthaceae plants.
 The Dingy Fritillary (Boloria improba) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. In Europe it is only found in small parts of Scandinavia more specifically the border region between Norway Sweden and Finland. The species is also present in North America in the North-Eastern part of Alaska and some isolated populations in the Canadian part of the Rocky Mountains South-Western Wyoming and South-Western Colorado.
 Mesopeplum convexum is a species of scallop marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae.
 The Yucatan Poorwill (Nyctiphrynus yucatanicus) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.It is found in the entire Yucatán Peninsula region except on the north coast in a 50 km wide coastal strip that extends 700 km; the species ranges to south-central Belize northeasternmost Guatemala and southern regions Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Hymenolepididae is family of cyclophyllid tapeworms. The characteristic feature is the small number of testes (one to four). The unilateral genital pores and large external seminal vesicle allows for easy recognition. Most species are small transparent and easy to study.
 The White-rumped Swiftlet (Aerodramus spodiopygius) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in American Samoa Fiji New Caledonia Papua New Guinea Samoa Solomon Islands Tonga and Vanuatu. Birds in Australia are now often treated as a separate species Australian Swiftlet (Aerodramus terraereginae).Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rocky areas.
 Anguispira is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Discidae the disk snails.
 Heliura quadriflavata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1919. It is found in Guyana.
 Bentheuphausia amblyops the deep sea krill is a species of krill. B. amblyops is the only species within its genus which in turn is the only genus within the family Bentheuphausiidae. All the 85 other species of krill known are classified in the family Euphausiidae.
 The Nukupuʻu (Hemignathus lucidus) is a critically endangered species of Hawaiian honeycreeper in the Fringillidae family. There are no recent confirmed records and it may be extinct or functionally extinct. Its habitat is dense mesic and wet forests of ʻōhiʻa lehua (Metrosideros polymorpha) and koa (Acacia koa) at altitudes of 3300–6600 feet (1000–2000 m).
 The Great-billed Seed Finch (Oryzoborus maximiliani) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 Bebearia hargreavesi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu).
 Mimicoclytrina is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Mimicoclytrina childreni (Laporte & Gory 1835) Mimicoclytrina parrii (Saunders 1869) Mimicoclytrina piliventris (Saunders 1869) Mimicoclytrina saundersii (Waterhouse 1904) Mimicoclytrina tristis (Thomson 1878)↑
 Anomochilus weberi or Weber's pipe snake is a species of snake in the Anomochilidae family.
 Afrocyon is an extinct genus of large mostly carnivorous bone-crushing mammals known as bear dogs of the family Amphicyonidae endemic to Africa during the Miocene to Pliocene living from 11.6—5.3 Ma and existed for approximately 6.3 million years.
 Heterotrypidae is an extinct bryozoans family in the order Trepostomata.
 Parasynarcualis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Procus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Scaptesyle mirabilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Garra fasciacauda is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Nodiscala zelandica is a species of very small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae the wentletraps.
 Verrucoentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Iolaus crawshayi Crawshay’s Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Somalia Kenya Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania. The habitat consists of moist savanna.The larvae feed on the young leaves of Erianthemum dregei and Phragmanthera usuiensis. They are dull dirty whitish-green or brown.
 Trichoptilus viduus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 Calliostoma filiareginae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Kombologion).
 Jaton hemitripterus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cameraria acericola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaido) and the Russian Far EastThe wingspan is 6.5–8.5 mm.The larvae feed on Acer mono. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a blotch which is entirely flat and located on the upper surface of the leaf. The cocoon is buff white ellipsoidal and placed in the centre of the mine-cavity.
 Chaenopsis resh is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Venezuela and Colombia in the western central Atlantic Ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 The Zimmer's Tapaculo (Scytalopus zimmeri) is a species of passerinebird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and rocky areas.Its name commemorates American ornithologist John Todd Zimmer.It is terrestrial and prefers to run rather than fly.
 Telmatobius vilamensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Chile and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Actumnus is an genus of crabs in the family Pilumnidae. Alongside the 28 extant species it has a fossil record extending back into the Miocene.
 Scaevatula pellisserpentis is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Eupithecia cercina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.The forewings are pale pinkish-brown but dark reddish-brown towards the base and crossed by a brownish-black band. The hindwings are greyish-white with the inner margin bordered with blackish-brown. The outer margin is dusky.
 The Montebello seahorse Hippocampus montebelloensis is known from Montebello Islands and Exmouth Gulf in Western Australia.
 Meloidogyne artiellia (British root-knot nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode and also an invasive species.
 Stenoptilia albilimbata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu).The length of the forewings is 12–14 mm.
 Dendropoma irregulare is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Coleophora oriolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Germany and Poland to the Iberian Peninsula Sardinia Sicily and Greece and from France to southern Russia.The larvae feed on Coronilla Dorycnium pentaphyllum and Dorycnium pentaphyllum germanicum. They create a seed case Larvae can be found from autumn to May.
 Monosyntaxis holmanhunti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia Borneo Java and Bali.
 The genus Planes currently comprises three extant species: Planes minutus (Linnaeus 1758) Planes marinus Rathbun 1914 and Planes major (=cyaneus) (MacLeay 1838). A further fossil species is known from the Middle Miocene of the Caucasus.
 Attiliosa perplexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Xenisthmus balius is a species of fish in the Xenisthmidae (wriggler) family. It is found in the Persian Gulf.
 Tryphera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Large-scale Grass Lizard (Chamaesaura macrolepis) also known as the Large-scaled Snake Lizard Zambian Grass Lizard or Zambian Snake Lizard is a species of lizard in the genus Chamaesaura. It lives scattered across southern Africa with two subspecies.
 Eunomia nitidula is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Cuba.
 Psilogaster is a genus of moth in the Lasiocampidae family . It contains only one species Psilogaster loti which is found in south-western Europe and North Africa.The wingspan is 27–35 mm.The larvae feed on Cistus salvifolius Cistus albidus Cistus populifolius Cistus ladanifer Cistus laurifolius Cistus clusii and possibly Rosmarinus officinalis and Helianthemum.
 The Duckbill oceanic eel (Nessorhamphus ingolfianus also known as the Duckbilled eel or the Ingolf duckbill eel) is an eel in the family Derichthyidae (longneck eels). It was described by Johannes Schmidt in 1912. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from France Morocco the Cape and South Africa in the eastern Atlantic Ocean as well as from the western Atlantic southwestern Indian and southwestern Pacific.
 Eriocharis richardii is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Dupont in 1838.
 Ancylis laetana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula the Balkan Peninsula Iceland Ireland and Ukraine.The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus tremula and occasionally Populus nigra. They feed in a single leaf which is spun pod-like. The larvae can be found under the folded leaf margin or among the spun leaves.
 Mexipyrgus churinceanus is a species of very small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Protylopus is an extinct genus of camel that lived during middle to late Eocene some 45-40 million years ago in North America.The oldest camel known it was also the smallest reaching a length of 80 centimetres (2.6 ft) and probably weighing around 26 kilograms (57 lb). Based on its teeth it probably fed on the soft leaves of forest plants. Protylopus's front legs were shorter than the hind legs and ended in four-toed feet.
 Physalaemus atlanticus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Sphodros abboti also known as Purseweb spider is a species of spiders from a family of Atypidae that can only be found in Florida United States.
 Hinemoa indica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Maconellicoccus hirsutus (also known as the pink grape or hibiscus mealybug) is a pest of many plants trees and shrubs. It infests hibiscus citrus coffee sugar cane annonas plums guava mango okra sorrel teak mora pigeon pea peanut grapevine maize asparagus chrysanthemum beans cotton soybean cocoa and many other plants.
 Iolaus nursei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-western Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
 Uroptychodes is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Chirostylidae containing the following species: Uroptychodes albatrossae (Baba 1988) Uroptychodes barunae Baba 2004 Uroptychodes benedicti (Baba 1977) Uroptychodes epigaster Baba 2004 Uroptychodes grandirostris (Yokoya 1933) Uroptychodes mortenseni (Van Dam 1939) Uroptychodes musorstomi Baba 2004 Uroptychodes nowra (Ahyong & Poore 2004) Uroptychodes okutanii (Baba 1981a) Uroptychodes spinimarginatus (Henderson 1885) Uroptychodes spinulifer (Van Dam 1940)↑
 Periplaneta japanna is a subtropical field-dwelling cockroach endemic to southern Japan. The Japanese common name ウルシゴキブリ means urushi cockroach or lacquer tree cockroach.Nymphs and adults are a dark black and typically live under stones and pieces of wood.
 Lethops connectens the Halfblind goby is a species of marine goby native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from central California USA to Baja California Mexico where they inhabit kelp forests. The adults hide amongst the stones and holdfasts at the bottom while the juveniles form schools in the canopy. This species can reach a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) TL. Like the name suggests the eyes of L. connectens are highly reduced. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Promastodonsaurus is an extinct genus of capitosauroid temnospondyl within the family Capitosauridae.
 Phaenicophilus is a genus of bird formerly placed in the Thraupidae family. It contains the following species: Black-crowned Tanager (Phaenicophilus palmarum) Grey-crowned Tanager (Phaenicophilus poliocephalus)
 Thumatha kakamegae is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Mormo cyanea is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Japan.
 Ophonus oblongus is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) and the Near East. In Europe it can only be found in Bulgaria and Greece.
 Duplicaria helenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Tenera is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The smalltooth sawfish (Pristis pectinata) also known as the wide sawfish is a sawfish of the family Pristidae. It is found in shallow tropical and subtropical waters in coastal parts of the Atlantic including the Mediterranean. Reports from elsewhere are now believed to be misidentifications of other species of sawfish. This critically endangered species reaches a length of up to 7.6 metres (25 ft).
 Symphlebia geertsi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Black Skimmer (Rynchops niger) is a tern-like seabird one of three very similar birds species in the skimmer family. It breeds in North and South America. Northern populations winter in the warmer waters of the Caribbean and the tropical and subtropical Pacific coasts but the South American races make only shorter movements in response to annual floods which extend their feeding areas in the river shallows.
 Micropterix aureocapilla is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1986 and is known only of the type locality El Hadjar in Algeria.
 Lusitromina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Cryptotympanini are a tribe of cicadas.Genera include: Chremistica Cryptotympana Diceroprocta Lyristes Salvazana↑
 Gorgonidia withfordi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Ecuador Peru Bolivia and Honduras.
 Cymothoe aubergeri Auberger’s Yellow Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea eastern Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 Catoptria laevigatellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Bulgaria the Caucasus Dagestan Transcaucasia Armenia north-eastern Turkey and Syria.The wingspan is about 25 mm.
 Patelloida ryukyuensis is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Micropentila bitjeana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon (Bitje). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Andraca gongshanensis is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).The wingspan is 46–48 mm. The ground colour of the wings is dark brown with dark brow fasciae and reddish-yellow patterns consisting of antemedian discocellar postmedian fascia and reddish-yellow patterns placed on nearly the whole wing except the termen. The forewing apex is falcate and the outer edge is smooth and straight. The tornus is almost rectangular.
 Meridulia is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Lasiothyris taima is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio Grande do Sul).The wingspan is about 9 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy but whiter and glossy pearl beyond the middle. The base and apex area are mixed pale yellowish ochreous and the terminal third of the wing beyond the median cell is suffused ochreous. The hindwings are creamy but pale brownish on the periphery.
 Cuproxena eudiometra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Phaedinus carbonelli is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné in 1999.
 Conus rufimaculosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Anama limpida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Anama.
 Olivella altatae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Merrifieldia brandti is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic Iran (including Miyan Kotal).The wingspan is 16–17 millimetres (0.63–0.67 in).
 Scinax heyeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Manoba grisescens is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Priocnemus is a genus of Pepsid spider wasp containing around 30 species
 Psara bractealis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.It has a wingspan of 30 mm.
 The flattened musk turtle Sternotherus depressus is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family. It is endemic to the southern United States.
 The Dahl's toad-headed turtle (Mesoclemmys dahli) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.
 Orcya is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The small scaled nothobranch (Nothobranchius microlepis) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Tectonatica pusilla is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Montagu's Harrier (Circus pygargus) is a migratory bird of prey of the harrier family. Its common name commemorates the British naturalist George Montagu.
 Clemensia cernitis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Gymnobela eugenia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cidariplura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gastrotheca angustifrons is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ischnocampa albiceps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1911. It is found in Colombia.
 The Malabar large-spotted civet (Viverra civettina) also known as the Malabar civet is a viverrid endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
 Phoenissa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Opharus roseistriga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Ernstia septentrionalis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Ernstia from Norway.
 Eleutherodactylus leucopus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The White-breasted Waterhen (Amaurornis phoenicurus) is a waterbird of the rail and crake family Rallidae that is widely distributed across Southeast Asia and the Indian Subcontinent. They are dark slaty birds with a clean white face breast and belly. They are somewhat bolder than most other rails and are often seen stepping slowly with their tail cocked upright in open marshes or even drains near busy roads.
 Egaenus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 The Aega Morpho (Morpho aega) is a Neotropical butterfly found in Paraguay Argentina and Brazil. Morpho aega is a species group which may be composed of several species.Many subspecies have been described.
 The Amanda's Pennant (Celithemis amanda) is a dragonfly found in North America in the Pennant genus of dragonflies.
 Catoptria digitellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France and Spain.
 Odostomia harfordensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.The epithet harfordensis refers to Port Harford California where the type specimen was collected.
 Lucifuga teresinarum is a species of fish in the Bythitidae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Aethes kasyi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sicily and Cyprus and in Italy Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Ukraine and Iran.The wingspan is 17-18 mm. Adults are on wing in March and from May to June and in September.
 Proteuxoa rufimaculis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland and South Australia.
 Heteropsis mabillei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Platocharis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Hastulopsis burchi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Ribeiroclinus eigenmanni is a species of clinid found along the Atlantic coast of South America from southern Brazil to central Argentina where it has been found at a depth of about 17 metres (56 ft). It can reach a maximum length of 4.4 centimetres (1.7 in). This species is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Brachiosauridae is a family of sauropod dinosaurs whose members are known as brachiosaurids. They were herbivorous quadrupeds with longer forelegs than hind legs the name derives from the Greek for arm lizard - and long necks. Despite their apparently distinctive features there is some dispute as to whether Brachiosauridae is really a distinct family or a collection of basal Titanosauriformes.
 Exhyalanthrax is a small genus of bombyliid flies. Bombyliids are commonly known as bee flies due to their resemblance to bees. Exhyalanthrax are found in the Afrotropical ecozone and the Palearctic ecozone. Exhyalanthrax spp. are pupal parasitoids.Exhyalanthrax afer has been reared from pupae of tachinid and ichneumonid parasitoids of Thaumetopoea pityocampa and from the pupae of this species and other Lepidoptera. It has also been bred from cocoons of Neodiprion sertifer.
 Dalodesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida containing at least 250 species found in the Southern Hemisphere.
 Dracaena (/drəˈsiːnə/ derived from the romanized form of the Ancient Greek δράκαινα – drakaina female dragon) is a genus of about 40 species of trees and succulent shrubs. In the APG III classification system it is placed in the family Asparagaceae subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae). It has also formerly been separated (sometimes with Cordyline) into the family Dracaenaceae or placed in the Agavaceae (now Agavoideae).
 Turritriton tabulatus also known as Cymatium (Turritriton) tabulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae the tritons.
 The Damara Tern (Sternula balaenarum) is a species of tern in the Sternidae family.It breeds in western South Africa Namibia and Angola. Non-breeding birds migrate north reaching Benin Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria and Togo.Its natural habitats are shallow seas sandy shores and coastal saline lagoons. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scopula conscensa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 The Peach Fruit Moth (Carposina scirrhosella) is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is found from Germany Austria the Czech Republic and Slovakia Hungary Serbia Romania and Bulgaria to the Middle East.The wingspan is 11–15 mm. The forewings are whitish. The hindwings are whitish in males and somewhat darkened in females. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Rosa species. They feed inside the fruit of their host plant.
 This is a list of all genera species and subspecies of the family Pythonidae otherwise referred to as pythonids or pythons. It follows the taxonomy of McDiarmid et al. (1999) which is available online through ITIS. updated with additional recently described species.
 The Red-billed Scythebill (Campylorhamphus trochilirostris) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.The Red-billed Scythebill is a fairly large species of woodcreeper. The total length of the species is 24–28 cm (9.5–11 in). As its name indicates the bill is long downcurved and reddish in coloration. The back is red-brown and the belly is lighter cinnamon-brown shade.
 Euphaedra campaspe is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Common names: Montane pitvipers.Cerrophidion is a genus of venomous pitvipers which are endemic to southern Mexico Central America and western Panama. The generic name Cerrophidion is derived from the Spanish word cerro which means mountain and the Greek word ophidion which means small snake. Four species are currently recognized but no subspecies.
 Thraulodes is a genus of mayflies in the family Leptophlebiidae.
 Helioprosopa velada is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Helioprosopa of the family Tachinidae.
 Melieria sabuleti is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 Hesperorhipis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Hesperorhipis albofasciata Fall 1930 Hesperorhipis hyperbola Knull 1938 Hesperorhipis jacumbae Knull 1954 Hesperorhipis mirabilis Knull 1937↑
 Myurella affinis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Sidymella rubrosignata is a species of crab spider found in Australia. A common spider often seen on Dianella plants.Like all Thomisid spiders it does not make a web snare. But they patiently wait for prey to appear nearby. Prey is insects or occasionally other small spiders.
 Pedicularia decussata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pediculariidae one of the families of cowry allies.
 Discophlebia catocalina is a moth of the Oenosandridae family. It is found in the south-east quarter of Australia.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 Edworthia is an extinct genus of paromomyid plesiadapiform which existed in Alberta Canada during the early Paleocene (middle Torrejonian age). It was first named by Richard C. Fox Craig S. Scott and Brian D. Rankin in 2010 and the type species is Edworthia lerbekmoi. Edworthia described from a recently discovered locality in the Paskapoo Formation exposed at a road cut in Edworthy Municipal Park.
 The Gray Spring Moth (Lomographa glomeraria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern North America including Alabama Arkansas Illinois Indiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Oklahoma Ontario Pennsylvania and Tennessee.The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults have finely mottled gray wings with scalloped lines. The lines are darker on the forewings than on the hindwings. The discal spots are very prominent. There is considerable geographic variation.
 The Grey Tit (Parus afer) is a species of bird in the Paridae family.It is found in Lesotho and South Africa.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
 Elachista krogeri is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia.The wingspan is 8–10 millimetres (0.31–0.39 in). Adults are on wing from June to August.
 Turris hidalgoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Phyllonorycter rajella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula and Greece.The wingspan is 7–9 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and again in AugustThe larvae feed on Alnus cordata Alnus glutinosa Alnus incana Alnus oregona and Alnus viridis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine usually in the axle of a thick lateral vein.
 Trypeta aberrans is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Ethmia subnigritaenia is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 11.4-12.3 mm. The ground color of the forewings is whitish gray infused with dark grayish clouding slightly less so on the dorsal and terminal areas. The ground color of the hindwings is semitranslucent whitish becoming pale brownish in the apical area.
 Monema is a genus of moths of the Limacodidae family.
 Traverella is a genus of mayflies in the family Leptophlebiidae.
 The yellowfin grouper (Mycteroperca venenosa) is a coral reef fish native to the western Atlantic Ocean the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It is generally a denizen of the deeper reef areas but it may venture into shallower waters especially during the cooler seasons.The fish is variable in color but is usually similar in appearance to the black grouper. It is distinguishable by the bright yellow trim on the pectoral fins.
 Huequenia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Huequenia araucana (Cerda 1980) Huequenia livida (Germain 1898)↑
 Ectoedemia vannifera is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1914. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Boscia oleoides.
 Microctenopoma ansorgii is a small freshwater fish known in the aquarium trade as the ornate ctenopoma orange ctenopoma ornate climbing perch pretty ctenopoma or rainbow ctenopoma. It belongs to the same genus as the spotted climbing perch (Ctenopoma acutirostre) but looks very different. Its body is more elongated and rounded the typical shape of a fish that spends much of its time on the bottom. The ornate ctenopoma spawns at night laying its eggs on a floating bubble nest of mucus.
 Muranjilepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Pusiola monotonia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Cameroon.
 Crenavolva virgo is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Philenora irregularis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lucas in 1890. It is found in Australia.
 The Chestnut-vented Nuthatch (Sitta nagaensis) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family. It is found in Bangladesh China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Corizus hyoscyami is a species of scentless plant bug belonging to the family Rhopalidae subfamily Rhopalinae.
 Trypeta lunifera is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Pazinotus falcatiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cataprosopus monstrosus is a species of snout moth in the genus Catamola. It was described by Butler in 1881 and is known from Japan China and Korea.The wingspan is 30–38 mm.
 Monstrotyphis montfortii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Madtsoia is an extinct genus of madtsoiid snake. It is known from the Eocene of Argentina (M. bai) the Paleocene of Brazil (M. camposi) the Late Cretaceous (Campanian) of Spain (M. laurasiae) the Late Cretaceous of India (M. pisdurensis) and the Late Cretaceous (Campanian-Maastrichtian) of Madagascar and possibly Niger (M. madagascariensis).
 Cerradomys langguthi is a species of rodent from South America in the genus Cerradomys. It occurs only in northeastern Brazil and was formerly included in C. subflavus.
 Atlanta rosea is a species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.Richter (1993) confirmed the validity of this species on the basis of morphology and anatomical characteristics
 Paratomoxia auroscutellata is a species of beetle in the Paratomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1950.
 Scopula deliciosaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Pterygotioidea is an extinct superfamily of Palaeozoic eurypterids and includes the family Pterygotidae together with the more basal genera Hughmilleria Herefordopterus and Slimonia. A total of around 54 species in 9 genera are included in the superfamily.
 Oecophora is a genus of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Among these it belongs to subfamily Oecophorinae. It is the type genus of its subfamily and family. Thus regardless of the uncertain phylogeny systematics and taxonomy of its superfamily Gelechioidea it and its closest relatives always have to be assigned to this family and subfamily as long as these are deemed valid.
 Hydrachnidiae (also known as water mites) are a group of mites containing over 5000 species found in freshwater habitat.
 Eclectochromis ornatus is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Pseudarthromerus spurius is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Dendronephthya klunzingeri is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae.This species is divaricate with discontinuous contours. Each bundle has 10 to 12 polyps. The branching lobes have sizable bunches.
 Dolichoctis aculeoides is a ground beetle species first described by Baehr in 1999.
 Elimia macglameriana was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 Eurybia is a New World genus of metalmark butterflies found from Mexico to Bolivia.
 The Pacific-slope Flycatcher (Empidonax difficilis) is a small insectivorous bird of the family Tyrannidae. It is native to coastal regions of western North America including the Pacific Ocean and the southern Sea of Cortez as far north as British Columbia and southern Alaska but is replaced in the inland regions by the Cordilleran Flycatcher. These two species were formerly considered a single species known as Western Flycatcher.
 Trichromia ockendeni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana and Peru.
 Agelena littoricola is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Fage in 1938. It is commonly found in Central Africa.
 Arion fasciatus common name the Orange-banded Arion is a species of air-breathing completely shell-less land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae the round-back slugs first described by Sven Nilsson in 1823.
 Austrochaperina novaebritanniae is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stenoptilia hahni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Lateolabrax latus the Blackfin seabass is a species of Asian seabass native to the western Pacific in the coastal waters of central Japan and South Korea. This species is found in shallow waters in rocky areas. It can reach a length of 94 centimetres (37 in) TL and has been recorded weighing up to 9.1 kilograms (20 lb). It is a commercially important fish.
 Head Play (foaled in Kentucky in 1930) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1933 Preakness Stakes the second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series of races and as the horse on the losing end of the Fighting Finish of the 1933 Kentucky Derby.
 The western school whiting Sillago vittata (also known as the banded whiting golden whiting and bastard whiting) is a species of benthic marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The species is one of three 'school whiting' that inhabit southern Australia and share a very similar appearance. Western school whiting are known to grow to 30 cm in length and 275 g in weight although unconfirmed reports suggest this might be an underestimate.
 Phalonidia alassosaccula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Parasoloe is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Atoyac Web-footed Salamander (Bolitoglossa oaxacensis) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Macrogastra is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.Like all clausiliids the shells of the species in this genus are sinistral or left-handed in their coiling.
 Eostrobilops is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Strobilopsidae.
 Corticarina is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Corticarina acuta Johnson 1975 Corticarina acutoides Johnson 1975 Corticarina adamsi Johnson 1981 Corticarina alberta Fall 1893 Corticarina alemannica Schiller 1984 Corticarina amoena Johnson 1981 Corticarina amplipennis (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina angelensia Rücker 1990 Corticarina antipodum (Belon 1885) Corticarina arcuata Rücker 1979 Corticarina ashei Johnson 1997 Corticarina australis (Blackburn 1891) Corticarina baranowskii Johnson 1989 Corticarina beloni Johnson 1981 Corticarina benardi Dajoz 1970 Corticarina bhutanensis Johnson 1977 Corticarina bicolor Dajoz 1970 Corticarina biharensis Johnson 1979 Corticarina blatchleyi Johnson 1989 Corticarina boliviensis Rücker 1981 Corticarina brasiliensis Johnson 1981 Corticarina broadheadi Johnson 1981 Corticarina brooksi Johnson 1997 Corticarina bruta Johnson 1977 Corticarina carinifrons Johnson 1989 Corticarina cavicollis (Mannerheim 1844) Corticarina centralis (Sharp 1902) Corticarina championi Johnson 1972 Corticarina chinensis Johnson 1972 Corticarina clareae Johnson 1972 Corticarina clarula (Broun 1895) Corticarina clayae Johnson 1981 Corticarina coei Johnson 1972 Corticarina cognata Johnson 1972 Corticarina conjuncta Johnson 1997 Corticarina convexipennis (Motschulsky 1861) Corticarina curta (Wollaston 1854) Corticarina curta oblongipennis Johnson 1981 Corticarina cyathigera Rücker 1987 Corticarina cylindronata (Motschulsky 1866) Corticarina dajozi Johnson 1975 Corticarina darbyi Johnson 1991 Corticarina delicatula (Wollaston 1871) Corticarina derougemonti Johnson 1975 Corticarina duplicata (Sharp 1902) Corticarina eichlini Andrews 1992 Corticarina excavata Johnson 1977 Corticarina exigua (Mannerheim 1853) Corticarina fornicata Otto 1978 Corticarina franzi Johnson 1975 Corticarina fraudulenta Johnson 1972 Corticarina fukiensis Johnson 1989 Corticarina gangolae Johnson 1970 Corticarina globifera (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina gracilenta Johnson 1979 Corticarina gracilicornis Jeannel & Paulian 1945 Corticarina guatemalica Johnson 1997 Corticarina guptai Johnson 1979 Corticarina guyanensis Dajoz 1970 Corticarina hammondi Johnson 1972 Corticarina hancocki Johnson 1979 Corticarina herbivagans (Le Conte 1855) Corticarina hierroensis Johnson Corticarina hoegei Johnson 1979 Corticarina horrida (Belon 1897) Corticarina hova Johnson 1981 Corticarina ignea Johnson 1979 Corticarina impensa Johnson 1997 Corticarina inobservata Johnson 1997 Corticarina irkutensis Strand 1968 Corticarina johnsoni Rücker 1979 Corticarina kekenboschi Dajoz 1970 Corticarina khnzoriani Johnson 1976 Corticarina kiymbiae Rücker 1982 Corticarina klapperichi Johnson 1981 Corticarina kraussi Johnson 1981 Corticarina lambiana (Sharp 1910) Corticarina latipennis (Sahlberg 1871) Corticarina leleupi Rücker 1982 Corticarina lescheni Johnson 1997 Corticarina lobeliae Johnson 1975 Corticarina longipennis (Le Conte 1855) Corticarina lutea Rücker 1978 Corticarina milleri Andrews 1992 Corticarina minuta (Fabricius 1792) Corticarina montana Johnson 1979 Corticarina nakanei Johnson 1976 Corticarina nigerrima Johnson 1975 Corticarina nigra Johnson 1975 Corticarina nilgiriensis Johnson 1979 Corticarina orientalis Rücker 1982 Corticarina ovata Rücker 1980 Corticarina ovipennis (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina pacata (Broun 1886) Corticarina paradoxa Saluk 1992 Corticarina parallela Johnson 1972 Corticarina parvula (Mannerheim 1844) Corticarina planiuscula (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina portentosa Johnson 1997 Corticarina pulchella Johnson 1975 Corticarina pullula (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina pusilla (Mannerheim 1844) Corticarina rectangula (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina regularis (Le Conte 1855) Corticarina reidi Johnson 1989 Corticarina rickardi Johnson 1997 Corticarina riedeli Johnson 1991 Corticarina riveti Johnson 1981 Corticarina rotundipennis (Wollaston 1854) Corticarina saluki Johnson 2006 Corticarina scissa (Le Conte 1855) Corticarina scotti Johnson 1979 Corticarina seminigra Johnson 1975 Corticarina sericella (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina serrula Brethes 1922 Corticarina setigera (Belon 1885) Corticarina silvicola Rücker 1985 Corticarina similata (Gyllenhal 1827) Corticarina simoni Johnson 1981 Corticarina steinheili Reitter 1880 Corticarina strandi Johnson 1972 Corticarina sturmi Rücker 1985 Corticarina subcognata Johnson 1979 Corticarina subgibbosa Johnson 1972 Corticarina subnitida (Motschulsky 1867) Corticarina szunyoghyi Rücker 1980 Corticarina torrida Johnson 1981 Corticarina trichonota (Belon 1898) Corticarina truncatella (Mannerheim 1844) Corticarina truncatipennis Johnson 1979 Corticarina turneri Johnson 1975 Corticarina upembae Dajoz 1970 Corticarina vanschuytbroecki Dajoz 1970 Corticarina viatica Johnson 1997 Corticarina williamsi Johnson 1975 Corticarina wittmeri Johnson 1979 Corticarina wolamo Johnson 1979↑
 Strioterebrum grayi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Planocephalosaurus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile belonging to the Order Sphenodontia.Planocephalosaurus was one of the first sphenodonts and bore a strong resemblance to the extant tuatara albeit much smaller at only 20 centimetres (7.9 in) in length. The main difference was that Planocephalosaurus's teeth were fused with the cartilage unlike the tuatara's. The creature is presumed to have fed on large invertebrates and small vertebrates.
 Australopithecus garhi is a 2.5 million year old gracile australopithecine species whose fossils were discovered in 1996 by a research team led by Ethiopian paleontologist Berhane Asfaw and Tim White an American paleontologist. The hominin remains are believed to be a human ancestor species and possibly the direct ancestor to the human genus Homo.
 Potamomya is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusk from the late Eocene of Europe.
 Pseudepapterus is a genus of driftwood catfishes found in tropical South America.
 Mittonia carcassoni is a species of snout moths and the type species in the genus Mittonia. It was described by Whalley in 1964 and is known from Uganda (including Entebbe).
 From the Irrawaddy River basin in Yunnan China Devario interruptus is a small fish in the minnow family very similar to Devario shanensis. The fish appears to grow to a maximum of 5 to 6 cm.
 Pelecus cultratus known variously as the sichel the ziege the sabre carp or sabrefish is a species of cyprinid fish from an Eastern Europe and adjacent Asian regions. It is the only species of its genus. This species inhabits lower reaches of rivers and brackish waters of eastern Baltic Black Caspian and Aral Sea basins. This fish has no major threats and the IUCN lists it as being of Least Concern.
 Alpheias is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Mexico Jamaica and California and Texas United States.
 Chironitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Cepora boisduvaliana is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on the Philippines.
 Mesohibolites is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 The Amazonian Streaked Antwren (Myrmotherula multostriata) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Praemallaspis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Praemallaspis argodi (Lameere 1909) Praemallaspis batesi (Lameere 1909) Praemallaspis inca Galileo & Martins 1992 Praemallaspis leucaspis (Guérin-Méneville 1844) Praemallaspis rhombodera (Bates 1879) Praemallaspis xanthaspis (Guérin-Méneville 1844)↑
 Onchidella philippei is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Charaxes amandae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sudan.
 Balitora meridionalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Balitora.
 Hypsoblennius striatus the Striated blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean around Costa Rica and Panama. This species grows to a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Grapsus grapsus is one of the most common crabs along the western coast of the Americas. It is known variously as red rock crab abuete negro and along with crabs such as Percnon gibbesi as Sally Lightfoot.
 Cecidoses argentinana is a moth of the Cecidosidae family. It was described by Brèthes in 1917. They are known for their particularly deep colours and their tendency to investigate intruders to their territory. It is found in South America.
 The Blue-throated Sapphire (Hylocharis eliciae) also known as the Blue-Throated Goldentail is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in Belize Colombia Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Brissus latecarinatus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissus latecarinatus was first scientifically described in 1778 by Leske.
 Cetema is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 The Variable Sunbird (or Yellow-bellied Sunbird) Cinnyris venustus (formerly Nectarinia venusta) is a sunbird. The sunbirds are a group of small Old World passerine birds which feed largely on nectar although they will also take insects especially when feeding young. Flight is fast and direct on their short wings.
 Tasmanentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Polyommatus is a diverse genus of butterflies.The members (species) are found in the Palearctic ecozone. Recent molecular studies have demonstrate that Cyaniris and Lysandra are different genera to the genus Polyommatus genus where were included so far.
 The Dneper common shrew (Sorex averini) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family.
 Copelatus eucritus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 The Montane Sedge-skipper or Mountain Spotted Skipper (Oreisplanus perornata) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the mountains of New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The larvae feed on Gahnia sieberiana. They construct a shelter made from blades of grass curled and joined with silk. It rests in this shelter during the day. Pupation takes place inside the shelter.
 Oreophrynella quelchii is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.This species is restricted to the transboundary summit of Mount Roraima in Venezuela (inside Canaima National Park World Heritage Site) Guyana and Brazil and from Wei-Assipo-Tepui in Guyana. It has been recorded from 2300–2800m asl.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and rocky areas.
 The brown howler (Alouatta guariba) also known as brown howling monkey is a species of howler monkey a type of New World monkey that lives in forests in southeastern Brazil and far northeastern Argentina (Misiones). It lives in groups of two to 11 individuals. Despite the name brown howler it is notably variable in colour with some individuals appearing largely reddish-orange or black.The two subspecies are:Northern brown howler (A. g.
 Masoga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Turritella anactor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Cosmopterix galapagosensis is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from the Galapagos Islands.
 The Wongai ningaui (Ningaui ridei) also known as the Inland ningaui is a small carnivorous marsupial native to Australia.
 Coleophora chambersella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Colorado.
 Bilinea is a genus of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 The superfamily Byrrhoidea includes a number of beetle families most of which are either aquatic or associated with a semi-aquatic habitat. In fact other than the superfamily Hydrophiloidea the majority of the remaining Polyphagan beetles which are aquatic are in this superfamily. These families were traditionally grouped as a separate superfamily the Dryopoidea which is no longer recognized. The vast majority of species are small (<1 cm) and predominantly dull brown or black.
 Caseoides was a large pelycosaur synapsid that lived in the Kungurian Age (late Early Permian epoch). It was about 3 meters long and like many other caseids it was herbivorous. It weighed between 150 kg to 200 kg. Its fossils were found on Texas. Caseoides was very similar to Casea but was slightly larger in size. Caseoides was heavily built creature as most of Caseids (except Caseopsis).
 Scopula extimaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in northern India.
 Hershkovitz's titi (Callicebus dubius) is a species of titi a type of New World monkey from South America. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru. The common name is a reference to American zoologist Philip Hershkovitz.
 Ondina divisa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Parahephaestion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Parahephaestion brasiliensis (Melzer 1923) Parahephaestion malleri (Melzer 1930) Parahephaestion zikani (Melzer 1923)↑
 The Cape Weaver (Ploceus capensis) is a resident breeding bird species endemic to South Africa.This common species occurs in grassland agricultural and fynbos habitats often near rivers. In breeds in noisy colonies in trees (often willows or Eucalyptus rarely palms) and reedbeds.This weaver builds a large coarsely woven nest made of grass and leaf strips with a downward facing entrance which is suspended from a branch or reed. The Hadada Ibis will sometimes nest in the weaver colonies.
 Tragogomphus is a genus of dragonflies in family Gomphidae.The genus contains the following species:Tragogomphus aurivillii Sjöstedt 1900Tragogomphus christinae Legrand 1992Tragogomphus ellioti Legrand 2002Tragogomphus mamfei Pinhey 1961Tragogomphus tenaculatus (Fraser 1926)
 Marginella roseolineata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Psacadonotus is a genus of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It contains the following species: Psacadonotus insulanus Psacadonotus seriatus
 Hoshihananomia perlata is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1776.
 The Bud Moth (Spilonota ocellana) is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (from Europe to eastern Russia and Japan. It is also present on Madeira) and North America.The wingspan is 12–17 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various deciduous trees and shrubs.
 Formicivora is a genus of birds in the Thamnophilidae family. These relatively small long-tailed antbirds are strongly sexually dichromatic. They are found in forest woodland and shrub in South America although a single species (F. grisea) also occurs in Panama.
 Eriostepta roseireta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana Brazil and Surinam.
 Eupithecia sticticata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are olive-grey powdered with fine whitish scales. The lines are very fine brown and marked by blackish dots on the veins. The hindwings are pale luteous.
 Oerane is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The genus Spilogale includes all skunks commonly known as spotted skunks and is composed of four different species: S. gracilis S. putorius S. pygmaea S. angustifrons. Mammalogists consider S. gracilis and S. putorius different species because of differences in reproductive patterns reproductive morphology and chromosomal variation. However interbreeding has never been falsified. The name Spilogale comes from the Greek word spilo which means spotted and gale which means weasel.
 Galissus azureus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Martins in 1981.
 Chodsigoa is a genus of shrew in the Nectogalini tribe.
 Calotes grandisquamis the Large-scaled Forest Lizard is an agamid lizard found the forests of the Western Ghats in India and known from the Anaimalai and Brahmagiri Hills.
 The horned lantern fish or prickly seadevil Centrophryne spinulosa is a deep-sea anglerfish found worldwide. It is the sole species in the family Centrophrynidae distinguished from other deep-sea anglerfishes by various characters including four pectoral radials an anterior spine on the subopercular bone and a short hyoid (chin) barbel in both sexes.
 Parikimys carpenteri is a multituberculate which existed in Colorado at the end of the Cretaceous period. The species is named in honor of the DMNS vertebrate paleontologist Ken Carpenter whose initial field work in the sparse non-marine Cretaceous exposures of Weld County inspired this project.
 Peristernia squamosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Pragoserpulinidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic gastropod mollusks.This family is unassigned to superfamily. This family has no subfamilies.
 Neodimorphocerataceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Cymatiella verrucosa is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Eilema tegudentata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Kenya.
 Belobranchus belobranchus the Throat-spine Gudgeon is a species of sleeper goby native to Indonesia the Philippines and New Guinea where it can be found in coastal streams and estuaries. This species grows to a length of 19.5 centimetres (7.7 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Tiquadra are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.Some species are:Tiquadra etiennei Viette 1988Tiquadra guillermeti Viette 1988Tiquadra seraphinei Guillermet 2009↑
 Emmalocera distictella is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Reithrodon is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It contains the following species: Bunny rat (Reithrodon auritus) Naked-soled conyrat (Reithrodon typicus)↑
 Machaeraptenus crocopera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Guyana French Guiana and Venezuela.
 Tarletonbeania is a genus of lanternfishes found in the Pacific Ocean.
 The Dusky Brocade (Apamea remissa) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe and Turkey ranging across the Palearctic ecozone to Siberia Manchuria and Japan. It has also been reported from Alaska.Some authors consider Apamea indocilis to be a subspecies of Apamea remissa.This species has a wingspan of 36 to 42 mm. Well-marked individuals are fairly distinctive but forms with obscure markings can be difficult to distinguish from other species.
 Sinoarctia sieversi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grum-Grshimailo in 1891. It is found in China (Qinghai).
 Vokesimurex rectirostris common name : the erect-spined murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cibyra zischkai is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Bolivia.
 Cyana unipunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Elwes in 1890. It is found in Japan.
 The Greater Egyptian Jerboa (Jaculus orientalis) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family. It is found in Algeria Egypt Israel Libya Morocco Saudi Arabia and Tunisia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland sandy shores and arable land. It has been observed sheltering under and eating desert truffles (Terfezia species).
 Caecilia pachynema is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Alvania elegantissima is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Cima is a taxonomic genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cimidae.
 Petrelaea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Australasian ecozone and in the Indomalaya ecozone
 Coeliades chalybe the Blue Policeman is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon from Equatorial Guinea to Angola and to Ethiopia Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary and secondary forests.Adults of both sexes feed at flowers on forest edges or along forest roads.
 Thermochrous fumicincta is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo.
 Mitromorpha alba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Anhimella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Temnora rattrayi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from forests in Congo and Uganda.The length of the forewings is about 16 mm for males and 17–21 mm for females. The upperside of the head thorax and abdomen are olive-brown with a blackish brown medial line on the head and thorax. The underside of the head thorax and abdomen underside are brownish-buff. The forewing upperside has basal and antemedian bands.
 Hypocrita chalybea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Erich Martin Hering in 1925. It is found in Bolivia and Ecuador.
 Phaegoptera punctularis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Brazil.
 Cromeria is a small genus of fish in the Kneriidae family found in fresh waters in the Sudan Mali and Guinea in the Nile and Niger Rivers of Africa. The size of males reaches up to 3.5 cm in the case of C. occidentalis.The currently recognized species are:Cromeria nilotica Boulenger 1901 (naked shellear)Cromeria occidentalis Daget 1954↑ ↑
 The Green Sapphire (Heliophorus androcles) is a small butterfly found in India and Nepal that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Eupithecia solianikovi is a moth in the Geometridae family.
 Ussara polyastra is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Hypena tristalis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East Korea Japan and Taiwan.The wingspan is 33–40 mm.
 Upeneichthys is a genus of goatfishes native to the Indian and Pacific coasts of Australia.
 Brithys is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It consists of one species.
 Ilicura redirects here. Iricula is also a Moluche rehue in Chile.The Pin-tailed Manakin (Ilicura militaris) is a species of bird in the monotypic genus[citation needed] Ilicura of the family Pipridae. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The leaf-nose leg skate (Anacanthobatis folirostris) is a species of ray in the Anacanthobatidae family.
 Schwartz's myotis (Myotis martiniquensis) is a species of vesper bat. It is found in Barbados and Martinique.
 Depressaria corticinella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France Spain Hungary Romania and Turkey.
 The Tropical conger (Ariosoma scheelei also known as the Scheele's conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Pehr Hugo Strömman in 1896 originally under the genus Leptocephalus. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the Indo-Pacific including Natal and Mozambique. It inhabits reefs in lagoons and is known to dwell at a depth of 9 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 20 centimetres.
 The Montane Racket-tail also called Luzon Racket-tail (Prioniturus montanus) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Erythroplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ocresia pallidalis is a species of snout moths and the type species in the genus Ocresia. It was described by Druce in 1902. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Elachista leifi is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in northern Finland.The larvae possibly feed on Carex and/or Eriophorum vaginatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Euxesta scoriacina is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Stigmatophora torrens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1879. It is found in Japan.
 Conus henckesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Tsingy tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus antsingy) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It is endemic to western and northern Madagascar and has been observed mainly in dry forest. As a result of deforestation the habitat of E. antsingy is at risk.
 Microhyla is a genus of microhylids a group of diminutive frogs.
 Hilarographa eriglypta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Dysalotus is a genus of snaketooth fishes.
 Neolycaena rhymnus is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Ukraine and southern and central Russia to the southern Ural mountains Zauralye the western and southern Altai Region the Sayan mountains and Kazakhstan.Adults are on wing from late May to mid June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Caragana frutex.
 Isodemis stenotera is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Hunan Guangxi Hainan Tibet Yunnan) and Indonesia (Sumatra).The wingspan is 17.5–22 mm for males and 19–27 mm for females. The head antenna and labial palpus are yellow scattered with ochreous. The thorax and tegula are ochreous brown tinged with yellow. The forewing is broad nearly rectangular and the apex is slightly protruding anteriorly.
 Mimandria insularis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Glyphipterix schoenicolella is a species of moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found in The Netherlands Belgium Bulgaria Denmark Estonia France Greece Ireland Italy Latvia Norway Austria Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain the Czech Republic the United Kingdom and Sweden.The wingspan is 6–9 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae feed on Schoenus nigricans. It has also been reported from Cyperus longus.
 Achilo is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Bhutya Lineblue (Prosotas bhutea) is a species of blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Amietophrynus funereus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is known commonly as the Angola toad or somber toad.This species is found in Angola Burundi Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mayaphaenops sbordonii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Mayaphaenops.
 Chrysallida rinaldii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Mixosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur. Fossils of Mixosaurus have been found all over the world - China Timor Indonesia Italy Spitsbergen Svalbard Canada Alaska and Nevada and it was the most common genus of Triassic Ichthyosaur. It was named in 1887 by George H. Baur.
 Cryptodendrum adhaesivum is a species of sea anemone in the family Thalassianthidae.
 Richtersveldia insperata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Richtersveldia.
 Turritella yucatecana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Eupithecia cana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Chile (Coquimbo province).The length of the forewings is 7.5–9 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is mostly white but sometimes greyish white or yellowish white and even brown in one specimen. The hindwings are silky white with many greyish brown transverse lines. Adults are on wing in November and December.
 Amantis testacea is a species of praying mantis native to India.
 Paragymnomerus is a palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 Ozius is a genus of crabs in the family Menippidae containing the following species:
 Parasquillidae is a family of mantis shrimp containing the three genera Faughnia Parasquilla and Pseudosquillopsis. It was previously included in the superfamily Gonodactyloidea but that group was found to be paraphyletic and a new superfamily Parasquilloidea was erected.
 Kassinula wittei is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Kassinula.[citation needed]It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Zambia and possibly Angola.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent freshwater lakes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Senecauxia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Senecauxia coraliae which is found in French Guiana.
 Haplochromis xenostoma was a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may be extinct. This species reaches a length of 20.3 centimetres (8.0 in) SL.
 Apolemichthys trimaculatus also known as the Three-spots angelfish is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Pomacanthidae or commonly called Angelfishes.
 The common name of Hybognathus hayi is the cypress minnow. It is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee.
 Large-tooth flounders are a family Paralichthyidae of flounders. They lie on the sea bed on their right side; both eyes are on the left side of the head while the Pleuronectidae are the opposite with their eyes on the right side.They are found in temperate and tropical waters of the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans.Several species are important commercial and game fishes notably the California halibut Paralichthys californicus and the Pacific sanddab Citharichthys sordidus.
 Tympanistes pallida is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in India.
 Hemerophila diva the Diva Hemerophila Moth is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Riley in 1889. It is found in Florida and Cuba.The length of the forewings is 5.7-8.8 mm. The forewings are violet-purple with an iridescent basal quarter with a tan-yellow or orange outer border. The hindwings are orange. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to June in August and from November to December.The larvae feed on Ficus species including Ficus citrifolia.
 The solitary ascidian Herdmania momus is one of the most commonly encountered species of ascidians. While commonly referred to simply as sea squirts this name is ambiguous as it can refer to any member of the sub-phylum Tunicata.This solitary ascidian is sometimes referred to as the red-throated ascidian as its two siphons are a vivid red in colour. However most solitary ascidians that are encountered are so covered in algae that the coloration is often not visible.
 Glacial Apollo or Japanese Clouded Apollo Parnassius glacialis is a high altitude butterfly found in Japan E. China and Korea. It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 Pollex lafontainei is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Palawan in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewing is narrow and blackish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Palingenia longicauda is an aquatic insect in the order Ephemeroptera. It is known as the Tisa or Tisza mayfly after the European Tisza river where it is found and also as the long-tailed mayfly and giant mayfly since it is the largest mayfly species in Europe measuring 12 cm (5 in) from head to tail.Unlike most mayflies adult P. longicauda never leave the water; their cerci are constantly touching or sweeping the surface.
 Turbonilla argentina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.According to a study published in November 2011 in Zootaxa this species does not belong in Eulimella
 The Ultramarine Lorikeet (Vini ultramarina) also known as the Lori Ultramarin in French is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family endemic to the Marquesas Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations. It is threatened mainly by introduction of the black rat and also by deforestation.
 Trochulus oreinos is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Austria.This hariy-shelled snail was once confused with Trochulus hispidus which it superficially resembles. There are two subspecies within this species. This snail prefers to live in open areas unlike most other species in the genus which prefer damp and shade.
 Paliga ignealis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in New Guinea and Australia (Queensland).Adults have orange wings with brown lines.
 The white-blotched skate Bathyraja maculata is a species of skate from the western North Pacific. An adult is approximately 1 meter in length and is found at depths of up to 1 kilometer. Unlike any other known member of the genus Bathyraja the white-blotched skate has white blotches on a grey to brown dorsal surface while the ventral side is lighter in color with darker blotches. Dorsal side is rough with spines while the ventral side is smooth.
 Bothrocerambyx nevermanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Bothrocerambyx. They can be found in Costa Rica Panama Colombia and Ecuador.
 Arnetta hyposticta is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Guinean weever Trachinus armatus is a fish of the Trachinidae family widespread in the eastern Atlantic along the coasts of Africa from Mauritania to Angola. A marine tropical demersal fish it grows up to 35 cm length.
 Lissotesta ambigua is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Eutoreuma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lioptilodes altivolans is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Peru. Moths in this species take flight in February and have a wingspan of approximately 18 millimetres. The specific name altivolans refers to the high altitude 4100 metres at which the moths fly.
 Conus pseudonivifer is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Copelatus congo is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Gschwendtner in 1938.
 Neoglyptus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Neoglyptus abyssinicus (Burgeon 1936) Neoglyptus aciculatus Lecordier 1968 Neoglyptus bayeri (Burgeon 1936) Neoglyptus brevicornis (Peringuey 1896) Neoglyptus congoensis (Burgeon 1936) Neoglyptus pectinatus (Alluaud 1926) Neoglyptus punctulatus (Chaudoir 1862)↑
 Hypsotropa ichorella is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Lederer in 1855. It is found in Syria and Turkey.
 The White-throated Manakin (Corapipo gutturalis) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Magicicada is the genus of the 13-year and 17-year periodical cicadas of eastern North America. Although they are sometimes called locusts this is a misnomer as cicadas belong to the taxonomic order Hemiptera suborder Auchenorrhyncha while locusts belong to Orthoptera.Magicicada spp. spend most of their 13- and 17-year lives underground feeding on xylem fluids from the roots of deciduous forest trees in the eastern United States.
 Rhodostrophia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Black-wedged Butterflyfish Chaetodon falcula is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). IT is found in the Indian Ocean from eastern Africa south to 27°S and east to Indonesia.It grows to a maximum of 20 cm (nearly 8 in) long. Its shape is reminiscent of longsnout butterflyfish though the snout is not as extremely prolonged and the pattern is very different.
 Daboia is a monotypic genus of venomous Old World viper. The single species D. russelii is found in Asia throughout the Indian subcontinent much of Southeast Asia southern China and Taiwan.
 Cronia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Doğramaci's vole (Microtus dogramacii) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in central Turkey and is similar to the social vole although different in terms of cranial proportions and karyotype.
 Leptostylus incertus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1881.
 Gorytus (7 February 1980 – 18 July 1996) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. As a two-year-old in 1982 he created an enormous impression by winning the Acomb Stakes and Champagne Stakes by wide margins and was regarded as a potentially great racehorse. His very poor run when odds-on favourite for the Dewhurst Stakes was believed by many including his trainer to have been the result of doping.
 Copelatus mohelicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1959.
 The common rudd Scardinius erythropthalmus is a bentho-pelagic freshwater fish widely spread in Europe and middle Asia around the basins of the North Baltic Black Caspian and Aral seas.
 The Banded Swallowtail Papilio demolion is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in Asia.
 Phylloxiphia formosa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Sierra Leone Liberia and Ivory Coast to the Central African Republic Uganda and Tanzania south to Zambia.
 Aglaja is a genus of sea slugs marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aglajidae.
 Subcancilla rufogyratus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Cetostoma regani the Pink flabby whalefish is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths down to 2250 metres (7380 ft). This species grows to a length of 24.7 centimetres (9.7 in) SL.
 The Dusky Fan-foot (Zanclognatha zelleralis) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Central Europe and Southern Europe.The wingspan is 31–36 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on fallen leaves.
 The Moroccan Three-Toed Skink (Chalcides pseudostriatus) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found in Morocco and Spain.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation temperate grassland and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dindica hepatica is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Anatrachyntis exagria is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1915 and is known from India.
 Barbus rohani is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Ulidia atrovirens is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 The frigate tuna or frigate mackerel Auxis thazard thazard is a subspecies of tuna in the family Scombridae found around the world in tropical oceans.
 Dercylinus impressus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Dercylinus.
 The Superb Fairywren (Malurus cyaneus) also known as the Superb Blue-wren or colloquially as the Blue Wren is a passerine bird of the family Maluridae common and familiar across southeastern Australia. The species is sedentary and territorial also exhibiting a high degree of sexual dimorphism; the male in breeding plumage has a striking bright blue forehead ear coverts mantle and tail with a black mask and black or dark blue throat.
 Oligarcha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Helicina orbiculata is a species of a land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae.
 Porites nodifera sometimes called as Dome Coral is a species of stony coral from Poritidae family.
 Lophelia pertusa the only species in the genus Lophelia is a cold-water coral which grows in the deep waters throughout the North Atlantic ocean as well as parts of the Caribbean Sea and Alboran Sea. L. pertusa reefs are home to a diverse community however the species is extremely slow growing and may be harmed by destructive fishing practices or oil exploration and extraction.
 Eulepidotis hermura is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Mexico Costa Rica Honduras Venezuela Peru and Ecuador.
 Scopula angusticallis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 The Provençal Fritillary Melitaea deione is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in south-western Europe and North Africa. The range extends from the Iberian Peninsula to southern France and the Alps in Switzerland and Italy. It is also found in the Atlas Mountains.There are two generations per year with adults on wing from April to September.
 Candy Éclair (foaled April 14 1976 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred and raced by prominent Pennsylvanian horsewoman Adele Paxson she was a granddaughter of the most important sire of the 20th century Northern Dancer. She was out of the mare Candy's Best a daughter of the 1963 Santa Anita Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Candy Spots.Candy Éclair was conditioned for racing by Allen King and winter-trained at the Aiken Training Track in Aiken South Carolina.
 Gibberrhynchium is a monotypical afrotropical genus of potter wasps. Its only species Gibberhynchium masariforme (Giordani Soika 1934) is widely distributed though Central Africa (Democratic Republic of Congo Malawi Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe).
 Peripsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha. Members of the family are characterised by their absence of an areola postica in their wings. Many of the recently described genera are closely allied to Peripsocus and only two genera are presented here. The family includes more than 200 species.
 Anelosimus luckyi is a species of spider found in Papua New Guinea. It is known only from the holotype specimen found by Andrea Lucky in 2009 and after whom the species is named. It was discovered in Western Province at an elevation of 1587 metres (5207 ft). It has a distinctive embolus which differentiates it from other species. The sociality of the species is not known.
 Eleutherodactylus caribe is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Haiti. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pusillina radiata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Epicrates gracilis known commonly as the Haitian tree boa is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Boidae family. It is found on Hispaniola.
 Scopula aetheomorpha is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Facidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dirhinosia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Girardia is a genus of freshwater triclad belonging to the Dugesiidae family.Until 1991 Girardia was considered a subgenus of Dugesia then it was upgraded to the genus rank. Many works are still using incorrectly the old genus for some Girardia species mainly for Girardia dorotocephala and Girardia tigrina.
 Paramiella is a genus of land snails with gills and an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.
 Eristalinus sepulchralis is a European species of hoverfly. The species are brownish-white from a close up and look like a wasp. From a distance though they are yellowish-black coloured and look like like a bumble bee. The species can be found throughout Europe in the Baltic states Central Southern and Western Europe in countries of former Yugoslavia and in the European part of the former USSR.
 Choreutis chelaspis is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1928. It is found on the Marquesas Islands.
 Assiminea gittenbergeri is a species of minute operculate snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Halgerda formosa is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Leiocottus hirundo the Lavender sculpin is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from southern California USA to northern Baja California Mexico. It can be found from inshore to a depth of around 37 metres (121 ft). This species grows to a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Austrolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Hestiarcha is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Hestiarcha pyrrhopa which is found in Australia where it has been recorded from South Australia.
 The deepwater arrowtooth eel Histiobranchus bathybius is a cutthroat eel of the genus Histiobranchus found globally.
 Heteropsis angolensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Splendrillia persica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Telescopus hoogstraali common names of which are Hoogstraal’s cat snake and Sinai cat snake is an endangered species of snake in the Colubridae family. Its name honors entomologist and parasitologist Harry Hoogstraal.
 Saraina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with the only species S. rubrofasciata.Males are about four millimeters long females reach almost nine millimeters.The relationships of this genus are unclear as the copulatory organs are so unique that there are no genera with similar structures.
 The White-winged Diuca Finch (Diuca speculifera) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Mictoschema tuckeri is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 The family Palicidae sometimes called stilt crabs are a group of crabs. Some genera previously included in this family are now placed in a separate family the Crossotonotidae.
 Barilius barna is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in India Nepal Bangladesh and Myanmar.
 Bolbe nigra is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bolbe in the order Mantodea.
 Volucella zonaria the hornet mimic hoverfly is a European species of hoverfly.In Great Britain it was only known from two specimens prior to 1940 so was regarded as rare. Since then it has become increasingly widespread in many parts of the South and South East England often in association with parks and gardens where adults are usually seen visiting flowers. Elsewhere in England only a few scattered records exist.The larvae live as commensals in nests of wasps of the genus Vespula.
 The cane toad (Rhinella marina) also known as the giant neotropical toad or marine toad is a large terrestrial true toad which is native to Central and South America but has been introduced to various islands throughout Oceania and the Caribbean as well as northern Australia. It is a member of the genus Rhinella but was formerly in the genus Bufo which includes many different true toad species found throughout Central and South America.
 Bocchoris gueyraudi is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to La Réunion.
 The Bates Olivewing (Nessaea batesii) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Venezuela the Guianas and the lower Amazon in Brazil.The length of the wings is 29-36 mm for males and 32-40 mm for females. The upperside of adult males is dark brown with bright sky blue diagonal bands on the forewings and orange patches on the hindwings.
 Chaetogaster is a genus belonging to the segmented worms (Annelida). It is classified in the family Naididae (subfamily Naidinae) in the order Oligochaeta. These are ca. 2–25 mm long transparent worms that are very common in fresh water and often form chains of individuals through asexual multiplication.
 Thecadactylus is a gekko genus from the tropical Americas. They are known as the turnip-tailed geckos. The genus belongs to the gecko family Phyllodactylidae. Until 2007 it was believed to be monotypic with T. rapicauda the sole species. Then however the population from upstream southern Amazonia was discovered to be very distinct and was named a new species T. solimoensis. A third species was described in 2011.
 Ardonea tenebrosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeireo).
 Lycyaena is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore the family Hyaenidae.
 Angonyx williami is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Moluccas in Indonesia.
 Dendropsophus grandisonae is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Guyana.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Mordellistena pseudorugipennis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1963.
 Ligurra is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Schistura kodaguensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Jordanita tenuicornis is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
 Brachycythara is a genus of very small predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Cordillera Yanachaga's Frog (Phrynopus bracki) (Spanish: Ranita De La Cordillera Yanachaga) or is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Geotrupes (from Greek 'earth-boring') is a genus of dor beetles and the type genus of its tribe.
 Elwood (foaled 1901 in Missouri) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is best remembered for winning the 1904 Kentucky Derby and for being the first horse both bred and owned by a woman to win the Derby.
 Indoleptipsius ushae is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae the only species in the genus Indoleptipsius.
 Parvablemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aspitates orciferaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from the polar region of the Ural Mountains and northern North America.
 The golden Atlantic tree-rat Phyllomys blainvillii is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Coleophora agilis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula.
 Goniobranchus fidelis is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Bufo aspinius is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers swamps and arable land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Microeca is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae family.It contains the following species: Jacky Winter (Microeca fascinans) Lemon-bellied Flyrobin (Microeca flavigaster) Yellow-bellied Flyrobin (Microeca flaviventris) Olive Flyrobin (Microeca flavovirescens) Yellow-legged Flyrobin (Microeca griseoceps) Golden-bellied Flyrobin (Microeca hemixantha) Canary Flyrobin (Microeca papuana)
 The Friendly Fantail (Rhipidura albolimbata) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Robinsonia mossi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1922. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Copella is a genus of freshwater fish belonging to the family Lebiasinidae native to South America known colloquially to aquarists as splashing tetras or splash tetras because of the unique reproductive method of the best-known representative of the genus Copella arnoldi.
 Bucculatrix fatigatella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Heyden in 1863. It is found in the Alps.The larvae feed on Achillea millefolium Artemisia alpina and Artemisia umbelliformis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a narrow corridor following the leaf margin with a broad continuous frass line. Older larvae live freely on the leaf creating small round fleck mines. Larvae can be found in June.
 Doridoidea commonly known as dorid nudibranchs (and previously known as the taxon Cryptobranchia) are a taxonomic superfamily of medium to large shell-less sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Doridacea included in the clade Nudibranchia.
 Atheresthes is a genus of righteye flounders native to the north Pacific Ocean where both species are important commercially.
 Meridolum depressum is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The lemur-like ringtail possum (Hemibelideus lemuroides) also known as the lemuroid ringtail possum or the brushy-tailed ringtail is one of the most singular members of the ringtail possum group. In fact it is more closely related to the greater glider (Petauroides volans) than to other ringtail possums.[citation needed]This possum is found in a small area between Ingham and Cairns in Queensland Australia.
 The Silvery Kingfisher (Alcedo argentata) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family that is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.In the Philippines it is called the kasay-kasay bird.Some taxonomists separate the bird into two species:Northern Silvery Kingfisher (Ceyx flumenicolus)Southern Silvery Kingfisher (Ceyx argentatus)↑ ↑
 Cyclosternum fasciatum commonly known as Costa Rican Tiger Rump is a species of a new-world tarantula native to Costa Rica and Guatemala. This is a terrestrial species with a maximum legspan of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) which makes it a rather small tarantula species yet it is one of the largest of its genus.
 Mitra barbieri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Eupithecia subflavolineata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Algeria.
 The Scotch Argus (Erebia aethiops) is a Palaearctic butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It has a wide range including the French Alps Germany Balkans Apennines Asia Minor the Urals Caucasus and Sajan. In Europe and Russia it is a forest edge butterfly found up to 2400 m and flying June to August. The hibernating larva is reported to feed on Agrostis Dactylis Poa and other grasses.
 Volvarina albolineata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Trachelacanthus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Permian epoch.
 Euprenolepis procera is a species of ant found in the rainforests of South East Asia. It was first described by Carlo Emery an Italian entomologist in 1900. In 2008 Witte & Maschwitz discovered that E. procera specialises in harvesting mushrooms in the rainforest for food representing a new previously unreported feeding strategy in ants.
 Peronina is a genus of air-breathing sea slugs a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Onchidiidae.
 The Yellow-plumed Honeyeater (Lichenostomus ornatus) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
 Scopula microphylla is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).Adults are pale brown with curved dark green patches.
 Omphalotropis tumidula is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 The Yungas Tody-Tyrant (Hemitriccus spodiops) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to the Yungas of Bolivia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hyperopisus bebe is a species of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae. It is the only species in its genus and is divided into two sub-species. This species is known from the rivers of northern Africa. It reaches a length of 51 cm.
 Pasiphila acompsa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Lesser Peachtree Borer (Synanthedon pictipes) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from the eastern half of Canada and the United States westward to Minnesota in the north and eastern Texas in the south.The wingspan is 18-25 mm. Adults are black with a metallic sheen and whitish yellowish markings on the head and thorax and a narrow band on the abdomen. The wings are transparent. Males and females are similar but males are more slender and have a finely tufted antenna.
 Stigmella grewiae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1978. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Balgowan in Natal).The larvae feed on Grewia occidentalis. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Anchomenus cyaneus is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Austria France Germany Italy Portugal Spain and Switzerland.
 Berberia abdelkader (Pierret 1837) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to the North African region mainly Morocco Algeria and Tunisia. It flies in the vast steppes and the males are easily seen flying in search of a shy female. Usually females are fertilised as soon as they hatch.
 Britomartis igarashii [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. Forewing length: 14-15mm. It is endemic to Borneo and is distributed only in mountainous areas (Mt. Kinabalu and Mt. Mulu). It is rare species. Some specimens were taken at night in light-traps.
 Rite of Passage is a British-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Ascot Gold Cup and being named Cartier Racing Award for European Champion Stayer in 2010. His career was unusual in the fact that he established himself as a high-class performer under National Hunt rules before moving to flat-racing. His win in the Gold Cup came in his third start under flat rules.
 Sijua jejunalis is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in Togo.The wingspan of this species is 19-20 mm.
 The Brown-patched Kangaroo lizard (Otocryptis wiegmanni) also called Wiegmann's Agama or Sri Lankan Kangaroo Lizard is a small ground dwelling agamid lizard endemic to the wet zone forests and lower mountain forests (up to 1300 metres) of Sri Lanka. It is commonly seen in the leaf litter of shady rain forests. When perceiving danger it spurts away quickly on its large hind legs and might eventually climb up a sapling or tree.
 Pseudocyon also known as Amphicyonopsis is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivores belonging to the suborder Caniformia family of Amphicyonidae (bear dog) and which inhabited Euroasia and North America from the Miocene epoch to the Late Miocene subepoch living 23.3—7.2 Mya. Pseudocyon existed for approximately 5.3 million years.Pseudocyon was assigned to Amphicyoninae by Hunt in 1988 and to Amphicyonidae by Lartet (1851) Carroll (1988) and Pickford et al. in 2000.
 Ortheziidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as the ensign scales or ortheziids. They occur in most parts of the world but the majority of the species are found in the Neotropics and Nearctic regions while there are not many species in Australasia and the Far East. There are twenty valid genera and 198 species.
 Sphecosoma sparta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1900. It is found in Colombia.
 Melanophidium punctatum commonly known as Beddome's black shieldtail is a species of shieldtail snake endemic to India.
 The Clavelina lepadiformis or light-bulb sea squirt is a colonial sea squirt.The transparent tunic and visible yellow or white internal organs give this animal its common name.
 Amberoid (foaled 1963 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1966 American Classic the Belmont Stakes.Amberoid was conditioned for racing by future Hall of Fame trainer Lucien Laurin and ridden primarily by another future Hall of Fame inductee Bill Boland. Going into the 1966 U.S. Triple Crown series Amberoid won the Wood Memorial Stakes.
 The Bull Chub (Nocomis raneyi) is a species of fish that is found in the Patapsco River in Maryland. The average size is about seven inches. Its bluish with scattered bumps on its head.
 The Rufous-sided Broadbill (Smithornis rufolateralis) is a species of bird in the Eurylaimidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone South Sudan Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Amauris hyalites is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Cameroon Bioko Gabon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo western Tanzania and western Zambia. The habitat consists of low to medium altitude forests.Adult males are attracted to wet sand.The larvae feed on Asclepiadaceae species.
 Hoenselaaria is a very small genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Didea alneti is a European species of hoverfly.
 Cutlips minnows is also used for the genus Exoglossum as a whole.Exoglossum maxillingua (cutlips minnow) is an olive-green medium-sized minnow (average 6 inches) with a distinguishing lower jaw. Isolated from all other minnows by its three-lobed lower jaw with the middle lobe sticking out like a tongue. The range of this species is from the St. Lawrence and Lake Ontario south into Virginia.
 The West Usambara two-horned chameleon (Kinyongia multituberculata) is a chameleon native to the Usambara Mountains of Tanzania. Its length averages to 18.7 cm.
 Eupithecia nagaii is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 Ochyrotica pseudocretosa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from New Guinea and the Moluccas.
 Cabralia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Haplochromis sp. nov. 'small obesoid' is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Uganda.
 Pseudomeritastis cordigera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama and Guatemala.
 Spilarctia rubribasis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1916. It is found in New Guinea where it has been recorded from the Arfak Mountains Kobowre Mountains and the Jayawijaya Mountains in Papua.
 Coleophora gulinovi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Ukraine.
 Acharya is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ephemerellidae are known as the Spiny Crawler Mayflies. They are a family of the order Ephemeroptera. There are 8 genera consisting of a total 90 species (Merritt & Cummins). They are distributed throughout North America as well as the UK. Their habitat is lotic-erosional they are found in all sizes of flowing streams on different types of substrates where there is reduced flow. They are even found on the shores of lakes and beaches where there wave action present.
 Bienotheroides is a genus of tritylodont therapsids from the Jurassic of China and Mongolia. The genus contains four species primarily known from cranial remains. Along with some fellow tritylodonts Bienotheroides is one of only a few non-mammalian synapsids to survive the Triassic-Jurassic extinction event.
 The Piedmont Anomalous Blue (Polyommatus humedasae) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to Italy where it is known from the Aosta valley in the Italian Alps. It is mainly found on altitudes of 800 to 1000 meters but at times up to 1600 meters.There is one generation per year with adults on wing from July to August with a peak in the second half of July.The larvae feed on the flowers of Onobrychis montana and Onobrychis viciifolia. They are attended to by ants.
 The brown-dotted nudibranch Cadlina sp.2 as designated by Gosliner 1987 is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae.
 Chalepoxenus brunneus is a species of ant in the family Formicidae that can be found in Algeria and Morocco.
 Dansili (foaled 27 January 1996) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He won five races including the Prix du Muguet. Since retiring from racing he has become a successful stallion with his progeny including Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Rail Link and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner Harbinger. He also became Champion sire in France in 2006.
 Hyposmocoma radiatella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Hawaii. The type locality is Kona where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Hexachaeta oblita is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Barbus setivimensis is a doubtfully distinct ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.It is found only in Algeria. Its natural habitat are rivers water storage areas and canals and ditches. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.The taxonomy and systematics of the Maghreb barbs are subject to considerable dispute. Some authors consider B. setivimensis a distinct species while others include it in the Algerian Barb (B. callensis).
 Farlowella isbruckeri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Paraguay River basin. This species grows to a length of 13.4 centimetres (5.3 in) SL.
 The Common Tan Wave Moth (Pleuroprucha insulsaria) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern North America from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Texas and Colorado and north to Ontario. It ranges south through Mexico and Central America into South America (including Venezuela) and has been recorded as far south as the Galapagos Islands. It has also been recorded from the West Indies including Jamaica.The wingspan is 14-21 mm.
 Jemadia menechmus common names Mabille's Sabre-wing is a species of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Musser's Shrew Mouse (Microhydromys musseri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The big-eared climbing rat (Ototylomys phyllotis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.
 Acropyga is a genus of small formicine ants. Some species can be indirect pests. A. acutiventris which is found from India to Australia tends subterranean root-feeding mealybugs of the species Xenococcus annandalei. Living gravid females are carried in the jaws of A. acutiventris queens during their nuptial flight to establish the symbiotic association in founding colonies.
 Apatelodes sericea is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Pseudoclanis tomensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from São Tomé and Príncipe.The wingspan is about 65 mm for males. The forewing upperside very similar to Pseudoclanis postica but with a broad dark marginal band. The hindwing upperside is bright yellow with a very straight median line.
 Lambana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Barbodes is a genus of cyprinid fish native to south Asia.
 Farlowella columbiensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Meta River basin. This species grows to a length of 16.0 centimetres (6.3 in) SL.
 Spilosoma rubidus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1890. It is found in China (Beijing Hubei Sichuan Zhejiang Shaanxi Hebei Jiangxi Fujian Hunan Yunnan Guizhou Jilin Shanxi Henan Guangxi Heilongjiang) and Taiwan.
 Vetulicola is a genus of small Early Cambrian animals from the Chengjiang biota of China.
 Stigmella trisyllaba is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Kazakhstan Tadzhikistan and Kirgiziya.The larvae feed on Rosa species.
 The black-spotted casque-headed tree frog (Trachycephalus nigromaculatus) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Grandisonia alternans is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae endemic to the Seychelles islands of Mahé Praslin Frégate and La Digue.
 The Surinam golden-eyed tree frog Trachycephalus coriaceus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador French Guiana Peru Suriname and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia immensa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Cethegus elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cethegus found in Queensland.
 Stenolis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stenolis angulata (Fabricius 1801) Stenolis calligramma (Bates 1872) Stenolis flavoguttata Monne 2011 Stenolis giesberti Monne 2011 Stenolis gilvolineata Monne 2011 Stenolis inclusa (Bates 1885) Stenolis laetifica (Bates 1872) Stenolis marcelae Monne 2011 Stenolis multimacula Monne 2011 Stenolis nearnsi Monne 2011 Stenolis polygramma (Bates 1872) Stenolis polytaenia (Bates 1885) Stenolis pulverea (Bates 1881) Stenolis tavakiliani Monne 2011 Stenolis theobromae (Lara & Shenefelt 1964) Stenolis vigintiguttata (Bates 1885) Stenolis xanthostigma Monne 2011↑
 Copablepharon viridisparsa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern California and southern Utah north to southern British Columbia central Saskatchewan and south-western Manitoba.The wingspan is 38–42 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August depending on the location.The moths emerge from the pupae with the eggs nearly fully developed and they are laid within a week or two.
 Hiatella is a genus of small saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs in the family Hiatellidae.
 The Golden-Bellied Starfrontlet (Coeligena bonapartei) is a species of hummingbird found in Colombia and a very small part of Venezuela.It averages 11.4 centimetres (4.5 in) in length plus its very long bill (3.3 centimetres (1.3 in)) and 6.5 grams (0.23 oz) in weight. The adult male's crown is blackish with a glittery green patch over the bill (a frontlet). Its back is golden-green with a greenish-copper rump. A rufous-buff patch on the tertial wing feathers is conspicuous in flight.
 Porrhostaspis is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Antimerina elegans is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Antimerina.
 Corythucha tuthilli is a little-known species of lace bug Tingidae native to Colorado and Arizona.C. tuthilli was first described from Mineral County Colorado in the southern Rocky Mountains. It was recently found again on woolly cinquefoil (Potentilla hippiana Lehm.; Rosaceae.
 Reishia clavigera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pharmacis bertrandi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from France and Italy.
 The Bornean Leafbird (Chloropsis kinabaluensis) also known as the Kinabalu Leafbird is a species of bird in the Chloropseidae family. It is found in humid forests in northern Borneo to which island it is endemic. It has traditionally been considered a subspecies of the Blue-winged Leafbird (C. cochinchinensis) but differ in measurements and morphology the female Borneon Leafbird having a distinctive male-like plumage.
 Chiretolpis elongata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Louisiade Archipelago.
 Stegomyrmex is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae and the sole member of the tribe Stegomyrmecini.
 Phaniola is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Rhynocoris rubricus is a species belonging to the family Reduviidae subfamily Harpactorinae. The base of the scutellum is slightly longer or equal to its height the front lobe of pronotum is red and femora have a narrow black band.This species is mainly found in France Italy Slovenia Croatia and Albania.
 Scopula psephis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Forficula abrutiana is a species of earwigs in the family Forficulidae. They can be found in the Palaearctic ecozone especially in Italy.
 Palaeospheniscus gracilis is a species of the extinct penguin genus Palaeospheniscus. It is the smallest species of its genus with a height of 40–60 cm. Average individuals thus were about the size of the Galapagos Penguin.This species was long believed to have first been found in Early Oligocene deposits. However it seems that the type specimen a tarsometatarsus was recovered not from Early Oligocene rocks but was found on top of them having been displaced there from a later stratum.
 The Mymaridae commonly known as fairyflies or fairy wasps are a family of chalcid wasps found in temperate and tropical regions throughout the world. It contains around 100 genera with 1400 species.Fairyflies are very tiny insects like most chalcid wasps. They average at only 0.5 to 1.0 mm (0.020 to 0.039 in) long. They include the world's smallest known insect with a body length of only 0.139 mm (0.0055 in) and the smallest known flying insect only 0.15 mm (0.0059 in) long.
 Epityches is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by d'Almeida in 1938. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Zabrachia is a genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 Cryptolectica monodecta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Nosa is an antlion genus in the tribe Palparini.
 The Oriental Bay Owl (Phodilus badius) is a type of bay owl usually classified with barn owls. It is completely nocturnal and can be found throughout Southeast Asia. It has several subspecies. It has a heart-shaped face with earlike extensions. The Congo Bay Owl (Phodilus prigoginei) was formerly classified as a subspecies of Oriental Bay Owl due to insufficient knowledge but it has turned out that it might not even belong to the same genus.
 Pachygonidia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Funiscala maxwelli is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae the wentletraps.
 The Japanese hare (Lepus brachyurus) is found across Honshu Shikoku and Kyushu that is all the main islands of Japan except Hokkaido.
 The Lark Buttonquail or Quail-plover (Ortyxelos meiffrenii) is a species of bird in the Turnicidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Ortyxelos.[citation needed]It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad Ivory Coast Ethiopia Ghana Kenya Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.
 The Straw Underwing (Thalpophila matura) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe.This species has a wingspan of 38–46 mm. The forewings are dark brown often variegated with paler and reddish patches and usually with prominent whitish postterminal fascia. The hindwings are very distinctive pale straw-coloured with a broad blackish band at the margin.
 Poecilasthena phaeodryas is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 The Aniliidae are a monotypic family created for the monotypic genus Anilius that contains the single species A. scytale. Common names include false coral snake and pipe snake. It is found in South America. This snake possesses a vestigial pelvic girdle that is visible as a pair of cloacal spurs. It is ovoviviparous. Its diet consists mainly of amphibians and other reptiles. Currently two subspecies are recognized including the typical form described here.
 Beringius turtoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Lycomorphodes hemicrocea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1909. It is found in Colombia.
 The Pied Harrier (Circus melanoleucos) is an Asian species of bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It is migratory breeding from Amur valley in eastern Russia and north-eastern China to North Korea. Wintering individuals can be found in a wide area from Pakistan to Philippines.
 Cyrioides imperialis commonly known as the banksia jewel beetle is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae native to southeastern Australia. The Danish naturalist Johan Christian Fabricius was the first to describe it in 1801 and it still bears its original name.The adult measures 3.8 cm (1.5 in) long and is a gold and black colour with an elongated body. Female beetles lay their eggs in the bark of a tree after which the larvae hatch and tunnel into the wood.
 Never Too Late (foaled 10 March 1957) was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from August 1959 until October 1960 the filly ran nine times and won four races. As a two-year-old she proved herself capable of competing against the leading French colts by winning the Prix de la Salamandre at Longchamp and being narrowly beaten in the Grand Criterium.
 Miomoptera is an extinct order of insects. Although it is thought to be a common ancestor of all holometabolous insects because no smooth transition between Miomoptera and other holometabolous insect orders is known it is considered to be in a separate order unto itself.The Miomopterans were small insects with unspecialised chewing mandibles and short abdominal cerci.
 Erythrinus is a genus of trahiras from Central and South America. The currently described species are: Erythrinus erythrinus (Bloch & J. G. Schneider 1801) Erythrinus kessleri Steindachner 1877↑
 Tetrarhanis ilala is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Tateurndina ocellicauda the Peacock gudgeon or Peacock goby is a tropical freshwater species of sleeper goby endemic to the eastern part of Papua New Guinea. It can be found in schools hovering over the substrate of rivers and ponds. This species can reach a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Pseudolechriops is a genus of Central American weevils of the subfamily Conoderinae. Established by the English entomologist George Charles Champion in 1906 the genus contained only one species P. megacephala until several related species were described in 2005.
 Ashinaga is a genus of moths in the Oecophoridae family.
 Fiddle Dancer Boy (1978–1991) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1981 Queen's Plate Canada's most prestigious race and North America's oldest annually run stakes race. Bred by prominent Ontario owner/breeder William R. Beasley he was sired by Nice Dancer the 1972 Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.
 Forsebia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g.)
 Cosmopterix xanthura is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Mexico (Tabasco).Adults have been recorded in March.
 Hippuriphila modeeri is a species of flea beetles from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in West Palaearctic Region east to Mongolia.
 Fereuungulata is a proposed clade of mammals within Laurasiatheria consisting of the following five orders and their common ancestors:								It is based on evidence from molecular phylogenetics.Within Fereuungulata Carnivora and Pholidota form the clade Ferae while Cetacea and Artiodactyla form Cetartiodactyla.
 Mordellistena liturata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1845 by Frederick Valentine Melsheimer. It is found in gardens and is just over 4 millimetres (0.16 in) in length and has a 1 millimetre (0.039 in) tail.
 The Southern Flathead or Yank Flathead is a common species of flathead found around the southern coast and offshore islands of Australia growing to 90 cm and inhabiting a depth of from 8 to 30 metres
 Autophila limbata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern France Southern Italy the Iberian Peninsula Greece the Crimea the Near East Iran Transcaucasia and Turkmenistan.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on Astragalus echinus and Ononbrychis species.
 Cantao ocellatus is a species of shield bug in the family Scutelleridae found across Asia. Reddish or ochre in overall colour it has dark legs and bluish black antennae. A dark bluish black stripe is present along the central line of the head. The pronotum sometimes has two black spots on the front margin and sometimes has eight spots. The scutellum has eight or six black spots of variable size but with yellowish borders.
 Trachyderes melas is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Baryspira is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Olividae the olives.
 Syrnola producta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Odostomia sapia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Odostomia pyxidata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pteropurpura (Poropteron) uncinaria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Talitrus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans including the familiar European sandhopper Talitrus saltator. In includes the following species:Talitrus curioi Javier & Coleman 2010Talitrus gulliveri Miers 1875Talitrus saltator (Montagu 1808)Talitrus trukana K. H. Barnard 1960↑ ↑
 The greater black krait (Bungarus niger) is a species of krait a venomous elapid snake.
 Paradoxoglanis parvus is a species of electric catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Congo and Kumbinanimi River systems. This species grows to a length of 16.91 centimetres (6.66 in) SL.
 Babindella is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Eutactis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Helivictoria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Vesperus jertensis is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Spain
 Microvoluta hondana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Tawi-tawi Forest Rat or Tawitawi Island Rat (Rattus tawitawiensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.
 The Willard's Sooty Boubou (Laniarius willardi) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.It is found in Burundi and Uganda.
 Pseudatemelia subochreella is a species of gelechioid moths. Here it is placed within the subfamily Amphisbatinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). The Amphisbatinae have alternatively been merged into the Oecophorinae raised to full family rank or placed as a subgroup of the Depressariinae (or Depressariidae if ranked as family).It is found in Europe where it inhabits woodlands.
 Brachylophosaurus (/brəˌkɪləfɵˈsɔrəs/ brə-KIL-ə-fo-SAWR-əs or /ˌbrækiˌloʊfəˈsɔrəs/ brak-i-LOH-fə-SAWR-əs; meaning short-crested lizard Greek brachys = short + lophos = crest + sauros = lizard referring to its small crest) was a mid-sized member of the hadrosaurid family of dinosaurs. It is known from several skeletons and bonebed material from the Judith River Formation of Montana and the Oldman Formation of Alberta living about 76.5 million years ago.
 Metaprosphera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Planotetrastichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Coryptilum are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Eupithecia perfusca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western North America.The wingspan is about 21 mm.The larvae feed on Salix Alnus and Betula species.
 Callulops doriae is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is also well known that Callupos doriae is the natural enemy of the Long-nosed Tropical Pig. It has been recorded that the frog will lay eggs in the swine's bowels and the eggs will cause extreme digestive damage leading to death.
 Raphipeza is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Aethes elpidia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Tunisia.
 Gonatista reticulata is a species of praying mantis from the Caribbean. According to one entomologist's notes:
 Nerita marinduquenensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Mylothris flaviana the Yellow Dotted Border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania. The habitat consists of submontane forests.
 Odontoponera is a genus of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae.
 Otomitla is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Micropholcus is a cellar spider genus.
 Lyric Fantasy was an Irish-bred British-trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse. She was named European Champion Two-Year-Old Filly at the 1992 Cartier Racing Awards and was the highest rated filly in the International Classification. In her championship season Lyric Fantasy won five of her six races including the Group Three Queen Mary Stakes and the Newbury Sales Super Sprint.
 The lesser Egyptian jerboa الجربوع Jaculus jaculus is a small rodent of Africa and the Middle East.Its diet consists mainly of seeds and grasses however the Jerboa needs very little water to survive.This small rodent is sometimes likened to a tiny kangaroo due to its incredibly large hind legs and hopping form of locomotion. The lesser Egyptian jerboa has three toes on each of its hind feet and a very long tail used for balance when jumping.
 Odostomia esilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Siphonorhis is a genus of nightjars known as the Caribbean pauraques in the family Caprimulgidae. It contains the following species: Cuban Pauraque (Siphonorhis daiquiri) known only from fossil material Jamaican Pauraque (Siphonorhis americana) possibly extinct Least Pauraque or Least Poorwill (Siphonorhis brewsteri)
 Terebellum terebellum common name the Terebellum conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seraphsidae the true conchs.
 Buenellus higginsi is an average size (about 5 centimetres or 2.0 inches) trilobite which lived during the Lower Cambrian period in what is presently North-West Greenland. It is a prominent member of the Sirius Passet fauna. Buenellus higginsi is the only known species in the genus Buenellus (i.e. the genus is monotypic).
 Erythromeris is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Imara is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae.
 For other uses see Wood nymph.Woodnymphs are hummingbird in the genus Thalurania. Males are green and violet-blue while females are green with white-tipped tails and at least partially whitish underparts. Both sexes have an almost straight entirely black bill and little or no white post-ocular spot. They are found in forest (primarily humid) and tall second growth.
 Anopinella parambana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 mm.
 Amblyseius bellatulus is a species of mite in the Phytoseiidae family. It was described by Tseng in 1983.
 Crangonyctidae is a family of cave-dwelling freshwater amphipod crustaceans. It contains the following genera:Amurocrangonyx Sidorov & Holsinger 2007 Bactrurus Hay 1902Crangonyx Bate 1859Lyurella Derzhavin 1939† Palaeogammarus Zaddach 1864Stygobromus Cope 1872Stygonyx Bousfield & Holsinger 1989↑ ↑
 Cheirocerus is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America.
 Mantidactylus blanci is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The crossback stingaree or banded stingaree (Urolophus cruciatus) is a species of stingray in the family Urolophidae. It is endemic to southeastern Australia mainly off Victoria and Tasmania but also marginally to New South Wales and South Australia.. This bottom-dwelling fish generally inhabits sand and reef habitats deeper than 100 m (330 ft) off Victoria and muddy habitats in shallow bays and estuaries off Tasmania.
 Parabuteo is a genus of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It contains the following species: Harris's Hawk (Parabuteo unicinctus) White-rumped Hawk (Parabuteo leucorrhous)
 Costignophos is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Leucoptera argyroptera is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to Australia.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Acrocercops zebrulella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Puerto Rico.
 Gastrocopta n. sp. from the Viernheim is an undescribed species of fossil very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 Micropelta rugosicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Micropelta.
 The guayacon pinto (Gambusia senilis) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is found in Mexico and the United States.
 Mordellistena fusca is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1895 by Lea.
 The Yellowstriped Oakworm (Anisota peigleri) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from south-eastern Kentucky south-western Virginia eastern Tennessee and western North Carolina south through western South Carolina and central Georgia into north-central Florida.It is a recently described species (Riotte 1975) and is similar to and was previously identified as Anisota senatoria (J. E. Smith).The wingspan is 43-69 mm.
 The Goblet-marked damselfly (Erythromma lindenii) is a medium-sized blue-and-black (or green-and-black) damselfly in the pond damselfly family (Coenagrionidae). It's a fairly common species in the South and West of Europe but is not found in the British Isles Scandinavia and Eastern Europe. Erythromma lindenii was previously known as Coenagrion lindenii and Cercion lindenii. The Goblet-marked Damselfly is also known as the Blue-eye.
 Stigmella nylandriella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe (except the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula) east to Russia where it has been recorded from Bryansk Murmansk Karelia Leningrad and Voronezh.The wingspan is 4–5 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June.The larvae feed on Sorbus aria Sorbus aucuparia and Sorbus domestica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Archips bulbosus is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 23 mm. The forewings are almost unicolorous ochreous rust but palerpostmedially suffused and weakly strigulated with rust colour in the basal half. The hindwings are orange but brownish in the anal half.
 Xenomigia nubilata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.The length of the forewings is 18-18.5 mm.
 Ophicardelus is a genus of small air-breathing land snails or salt marsh snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Ellobiidae.
 Eurypegasus is a genus of seamoths native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The black-headed cat snake (Boiga nigriceps) gets its name from the greenish to blackish colouration of its head. Neonates and juveniles do not exhibit this dark colour on the head until adulthood. The body colour ranges from brown to orange and red to black. The ventrals are yellowish below the neck and white for the rest. They are large snakes; adults may attain a total length of 1.7 m (5½ feet). They are quite aggressive and hardy in nature.
 Uaru fernandezyepezi is a species of cichlid native to South America where it is found in rivers of the Orinoco River basin. This species can reach a length of 24 centimetres (9.4 in) TL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Hyalina hyalina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Sterna is a genus of terns in the bird family Sternidae. It used to encompass most white terns indiscriminately but mtDNA sequence comparisons have recently determined that this arrangement is paraphyletic (Bridge et al. 2005). It is now restricted to the typical large white terns occurring near-globally in coastal regions.
 Caloptilia iselaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Brunei the Cook Islands Fiji India Indonesia (Java and Sulawesi) Malaysia (Pahang and Selangor) Sri Lanka and Thailand.The larvae feed on Spondias cytherea Spondias mangifera and Spondias pinnata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Idiosoma nigrum also called Black rugose trapdoor spider occurs only in south-western Australia in dry woodlands east of the Darling Scarp and north to Moore River.Females can reach a length of about 30mm males about 18mm.I. nigrum digs burrows up to 32 cm deep.
 Psamateia is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae containing one species Psamateia calipsa which is known from the Crato Formation in Brazil.
 Polypodiaceae is a family of polypod ferns which includes more than 60 genera divided into several tribes and containing around 1000 species. Nearly all are epiphytes but some are terrestrial.
 Fustifusus pinicola is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Azamora pelopsana is a species of snout moth in the genus Azamora. It was described by Walker in 1863 and is known from Brazil.
 Nassarius lawsonorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Ectoedemia knysnaensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Cape Province).
 Crassispira trimariana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Setia microbia is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Amata caerulescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Mozambique.
 Haplopelma is a genus of old-world tarantula found in Southeast Asia. The range of this genus includes Myanmar southeastern China Cambodia Thailand Vietnam Malaysia Singapore and Borneo.
 The Long-billed Honeyeater (Melilestes megarhynchus) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Melilestes.[citation needed]
 Soldat is a dark bay or brown colt by the sire War Front out of a Coronado’s Quest mare Le Relais. and one of the contenders for the 2011 Kentucky Derby.
 Denisia similella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on fungus under dead wood or bark.
 Glyphipterix semilunaris is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from Saint Helena.
 Gnathocera trivittata is a species of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 The steppe field mouse (Apodemus witherbyi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Georgia Armenia Azerbaijan Israel Turkey Jordan Iran Turkmenistan Pakistan and probably Afghanistan Iraq Lebanon and Syria. The Mount Hermon field mouse (sometimes recognized as a distinct species: A. hermonensis) and the yellow-breasted field mouse (sometimes recognized as a distinct species: A.
 Teinoptera culminifera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North Africa the Central Arabian deserts the Sinai in Egypt Jordan and Israel.Adults are on wing from February to April. There is one generation per year.
 Mepraia is a genus in the subfamily Triatominae endemic of Chile and vector of Chagas disease. Currently this genus contains 3 species Mepraia spinolai (Porter 1933) Mepraia gajardoiFrías Henry & González 1998 and Mepraia parapatrica Frías 2010.
 Philobota lysizona is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Coleophora dentatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia.The larvae feed on Acanthophyllum elatius. They create a silky case uniformly covered with sand. At end of the development the slender and curved caudal part is discarded. The valve are three-sided and the length of the completed case is 12-15 mm for males and 8-12 mm for females. Larvae can be found in June and (after diapause) again from April to the beginning of May.
 Thapsia usambarensis is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 The White-throated Jacamar (Brachygalba albogularis) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Prairie Sphinx Moth or Wiest's Primrose Sphinx (Euproserpinus wiesti) is a species of moth in the Sphingidae family. It is found from north-eastern California through central Nevada and most of Utah to north-eastern Arizona and northern three-quarters of New Mexico and most of Colorado and further eastward into extreme western portions of Kansas Oklahoma and Texas. The habitat consists of sand washes and prairie blow-outs.The wingspan is 32-49 mm.
 The Palmetto Skipper (Euphyes arpa) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 Haustellum wilsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cibyra saguanmachica is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Colombia.
 Dasyloricaria seminuda is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Magdalena River basin. This species grows to a length of 18.2 centimetres (7.2 in) SL.
 The redspot barb (Barbus kerstenii) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus found in East Africa. It is named for the large orange-red spot found on each operculum.
 Calidota strigosa the Streaked Calidota Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found on the Antilles and from the southern United States (from Florida to Arizona) to Central America.The wingspan is about 54 mm.The larvae feed on Guettarda elliptica.
 The Near Eastern fire salamander or arouss al ayn (Salamandra infraimmaculata) is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae found in Iran Iraq Israel Lebanon Syria and Turkey. Its natural habitats are subtropical dry shrubland and forests often near rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Spilarctia extirpata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Černý in 2009. It is found in Thailand.
 Spilobotys is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Enammocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Neozatrephes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Lithoxus planquettei is a species of armored catfish endemic to French Guiana where it is found in stony rivulets of the Atlantic coastal drainages between the Maroni and the Kaw River basin. This species grows to a length of 7.0 centimetres (2.8 in) SL.
 Truncatophaedusa is a monotypic land snail genus belonging to the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium. The sole species belonging to the genus is Truncatophaedusa evae Majoros Németh L. & Szili-Kovács 1994.
 The Nerineidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
 Chthonerpeton braestrupi is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland irrigated land seasonally flooded agricultural land canals and ditches.
 Terebra tiarella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Harpulina arausiaca common name the gold-banded volute is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Odysia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coleophora voluta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.The larvae feed on the generative organs of Caroxylon tomentosum bungeanum.
 The name Yellow Bunting can also refer to the Yellowhammer (Emberiza citrinella).The Yellow Bunting or Japanese Yellow Bunting (Emberiza sulphurata) is a passerine bird of eastern Asia which belongs to the genus Emberiza in the bunting family Emberizidae.It is 14 cm long and has a conical grey bill pinkish-brown feet and brown eyes. The male is grey-green above with black streaks on the back. The underparts are yellow-green (brightest on the throat and belly) with streaks on the flanks.
 Gymnobela virgo is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Gold Banded Forester (Euphaedra neophron) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern and southern Africa.The wingspan is 55-65 mm for males and 60-78 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from February to July.The larvae feed on Deinbollia oblongifolia and Blighia unijugata.
 Pellifronia brianhayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Calyciphora albodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Portugal the Benelux Great Britain and Ireland. It is also known from Russia and Anatolia.The wingspan is 20–28 mm.The larvae feed on Cirsium helenioides Cirsium ferox Juricea cyanoides Carlina vulgaris Carlina acanthifolia and Carlina longifolia.
 The Pale-blue Monarch (Hypothymis puella) is a small passerine bird.The Pale-blue Monarch is endemic to eastern Indonesia. It has two subspecies. The nominate race H. p. puella is found on Sulawesi and adjacent islands and H. p. blasii is found in the Banggai archipelago. Both forms are often considered to be subspecies of the widespread Black-naped Monarch Hypothymis azurea.The Pale-blue Monarch is a forest species which builds a small cup nest.
 Nemophora cupriacella is a moth of the family Adelidae that is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 12–16 millimetres (0.47–0.63 in). Adults are on wing from the end of June to July.The larvae feed on Knautia Succisa and Scabiosa species.
 Asymphorodes diamphidius is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Elachista argentifasciella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Italy Switzerland and Austria.
 Agdistis hakimah is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Bahrain Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
 Orophicus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Orophicus antelmei Alluaud 1925 Orophicus vinsoni Jeannel 1951↑
 Tubularia indivisa commonly known as the oaten pipes hydroid is a species of large hydroid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean the North Sea Norwegian Sea and the English Channel. The conical solitary polyps are found on dull yellow unbranched stems that reach 10 to 15 cm (3.9 to 5.9 in) in height with a diameter of 1.5 cm (0.59 in). They may be fused to a small number of other individual stems at their bases.
 Lepismatidae is a family of primitive wingless insects belonging to the order Thysanura with about 190 described species. This family contains the two most familiar apterygotes the silverfish (Lepisma saccharina) and the firebrat (Thermobia domestica).Lepismatids are elongated flattened insects the majority of which are scavengers. The abdomen is usually clothed in tiny scales and terminates with 3 tails of roughly equal length. The compound eyes are small and well separated.
 Eotrogulus is an extinct genus of harvestmen known from the Carboniferous fossil record. The genus is the only member of the family Eotrogulidae and contains one species Eotrogulus fayoli. Eotrogulus was found in the Coal Measures of Commentry in northern France together with Nemastomoides elaveris. Eotrogulus was previously thought to be a trigonotarbid.
 Prosimnia boshuensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Aspilapteryx grypota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Salix babylonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Curveulina capensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Curveulima.
 Tessella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The chicken (Gallus gallus domesticus) is a domesticated fowl a subspecies of the Red Junglefowl. As one of the most common and widespread domestic animals with a population of more than 24 billion in 2003 there are more chickens in the world than any other species of bird.
 Ogasawarana rex is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae the helicinids.
 Dissosteira is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae found in North America.
 Manzonia salensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Cassianaxidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.This family has no subfamilies.
 Acraea pseudatolmis the False Scarlet Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is mostly found in eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of montane grassland.Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Basananthe sandersonii and Tricliceras longipedunculatum.
 The Orange-headed Tanager (Thlypopsis sordida) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Paraguay Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Gethosyne is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Northern Short-tailed Shrew (Blarina brevicauda) is the largest shrew in the genus Blarina and occurs in the northeastern region of North America. It is a semifossorial highly active and voracious insectivore and is present in a variety of habitats. It is notable in that it is one of the few venomous mammals. The specific epithet brevicauda is a combination of the Latin brevis and cauda meaning short tail.
 The Glowing Puffleg (Eriocnemis vestita) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Splendrillia raricostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Eremiaphila rotundipennis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 The Free State Blue (Lepidochrysops letsea) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa in the East Cape the eastern part of the Orange Free State and Gauteng.The wingspan is 33–35 mm for males and 32–33 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to January. There is one extended generation per year.The larvae feed on Hemizygia pretoriae.
 Eristalis tenax is a European hoverfly also known as the drone fly (or dronefly). It has been introduced into North America and is widely established.
 Mantidactylus tornieri is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gervillaria is an extinct genus of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks that lived from the Triassic to the Cretaceous in Asia Europe North America and South America.
 Greererpeton burckemorani (amphibian from Greer) is an extinct genus of tetrapods from the Early Carboniferous period (late Viséan) of North America. Greererpeton had an elongated body adapted for swimming reaching up to 1.5 metres (4.9 ft) in length including the tail. Its body had 40 vertebrae twice the usual amount and a flattened skull about 18 centimetres (7.1 in) long.
 The Junín Grass Mouse (Akodon juninensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in Peru.
 Clemensia quinqueferana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico Panama and Brazil (Ega).
 Pollex balabaci is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Balabac in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewing is narrow and blackish-brown. The hindwing is unicolorous dark grey with an almost invisible black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark grey.
 Apterichtus caecus the European finless eel is a species of snake eel native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean including Balearic Island the western Mediterranean the Azores and the Gulf of Guinea. It can be found on the continental shelf at depths of from 10 to 40 metres (33 to 131 ft) living in burrows in mud or sand. It preys on other fishes as well as benthic invertebrates. Spawning for this species in the Mediterranean has been recorded in the early summer months of May and June.
 The Brown-winged Whistling Thrush (Myophonus castaneus) also known as the Sumatran Whistling Thrush or Chestnut-winged Whistling Thrush is a passerine bird belonging to the whistling thrush genus Myophonus in the family Muscicapidae. It is endemic to the island of Sumatra in Indonesia. In the past it has often been lumped together with the Javan Whistling Thrush (M. glaucinus) and Bornean Whistling Thrush (M. borneensis) as the Sunda Whistling Thrush (M.
 Phtheochroa primula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Popocatépetl).
 Prismoptera is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family. It contains the single species Prismoptera opalina which is found in Brazil.
 The Thrift Clearwing (Pyropteron muscaeforme) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from most of Europe.The wingspan is 15–18 mm. Adults can be found on the flowers of the host plant as well as Thymus.The larvae feed on Armeria maritima.
 Octogomphus is a genus of club-tailed dragonflies found in North America commonly called grappletail.It has a single species the Grappletail (Octogomphus specularis).
 The Green-tailed Trainbearer (Lesbia nuna) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Strigogyps is an extinct genus of prehistoric bird from the Middle Eocene to Early Oligocene of France and Germany. It was probably around the size of a large chicken or a guan weighing not quite 1 kilogram (2.2 lb). Apparently as indicated by the ratio of lengths of wing to leg bones S. sapea was flightless.
 Byrrhodes omnistrius is a species of beetles in the genus Byrrhodes of the family Anobiidae.
 Bartschia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hellinsia praenigratus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Peru and Ecuador.The wingspan is 15‑20 mm. The forewings are brown‑ochreous and the markings are dark brown. The hindwings and fringes are brown grey. Adults are on wing in January from March to May in October and December.
 Neptis matilei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon and Cameroon.
 Reset (foaled in 2000) is an Australian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire by the Leading sire in Australia and New Zealand Zabeel out of the multiple Group One winner Assertive Lass. He raced only as a three-year-old in the 2003–2004 season and recorded five wins from as many starts including the Cadbury Guineas and the Futurity Stakes - both at Group One level. In the Guineas he narrowly defeated Starcraft who went on to win two Group One races in Europe.
 Amorphoscelis pellucida is a species of praying mantis native to Australia Java and Singapore.
 Forest Flower (9 February 1984 – 10 February 2011) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from May 1986 until July 1987 she won five of her eight races. She was the outstanding European two-year-old filly of 1986 when she won the Queen Mary Stakes Cherry Hinton Stakes and Mill Reef Stakes before being controversially disqualified after finishing first in the Cheveley Park Stakes.
 The Pale Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis unicolor) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam.
 The Fidicinini (Boulard & Martinelli 1996) are a tribe of cicadas.
 Margaret's Batis or Boulton's Batis (Batis margaritae) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family. It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Eresiomera osheba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and northern Angola.
 Cuban khaki dwarf boa Tropidophis hendersoni is a newly described species of dwarf boa from the northern coast of eastern Cuba in the province of Holguín. It is a small spotted species previously confused with the T. haetianus of Hispaniola.
 Philonomon luminans is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in South Africa Central Africa Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea and Zambia Encyclopedia of LifeMozambique Botswana Namibia Kenya Malawi Tanzania Uganda and possibly Burundi.
 Wasps of the cosmopolitan genus Polistes (the only genus in the tribe Polistini) are the most familiar of the polistine wasps and are the most common type of paper wasp. It is also the single largest genus within the family Vespidae with over 300 recognized species and subspecies.
 Eucalantica vaquero is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in the United States (New Mexico Arizona) and Mexico.The length of the forewings is 7.5-8 mm.
 Perittia junnilaisella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Turkey.
 The Marbled Frogmouth (Podargus ocellatus) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.There are five subspecies recognised; the nominate ocellatus is found in New Guinea and surrounding islands.
 Ecliptopera benigna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Peruvian fish-eating rat (Neusticomys peruviensis) is a species of semiaquatic rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in eastern Peru where it is known from locations at elevations from 200 to 400 m.
 Melanochromis heterochromis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can grow to a length of 9.7 centimetres (3.8 in) SL.
 The Timavo sculpin Cottus scaturigo is a freshwater species of fish that is found only in Timavo Spring in Italy. It is relatd to the European bullhead and was described as a distinct species in 2005.
 Hongshiyanaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Forcipiger longirostris commonly known as the longnose butterflyfish or big longnose butterflyfish is a species of butterflyfish found on coral reefs throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific. Even with its distinctive point-like long nose the longnose butterflyfish still can easily be confused with its more common cousin F. flavissimus. Both species may be kept in aquariums.
 The jaguarundi (Puma yagouaroundi syn. Herpailurus yagouaroundi) also called eyra cat is a small-sized wild cat native to Central and South America. In 2002 the IUCN classified the jaguarundi as 'Least Concern' although they considered it likely that no conservation units beyond the megareserves of the Amazon basin could sustain long-term viable populations.
 Cirripectes kuwamurai is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 5.5 centimetres (2.2 in) SL.
 The Muga Silkworm is the larva of the Assam Silkmoth (Antheraea assamensis) a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in India (namely Assam) Burma and Sundaland.The larva feed on Cinnamomum Laurus Litsea Carpinus Persea Magnolia Michelia Quercus Sarcostemma and Symplocos.Its silk has a beautiful glossy golden hue which improves with age and washing. Is never bleached or dyed and is stain resistant. Was reserved for the exclusive use of royal families in Assam for 600 years.
 The Barnes' garden eel (Gorgasia barnesi) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Bruce H. Robison and Thomas M. Lancraft in 1984. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from the western Pacific Ocean including Indonesia the Philippines Vanuatu the Solomon Islands and Papua New Guinea. It dwells at a depth range of 5 to 20 metres (16 to 66 ft) and inhabits sand substrates.
 Loricella is a genus of chitons in the family Schizochitonidae. They are marine molluscs.
 Amauris ellioti Ansorge's Danaid is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda Burundi Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of semi-montane forests.The larvae feed on Tylophora stolzii Tylophora anomala Marsdenia racemosa Gongronema latifolium Cynanchum Gymnema and Secamone species.
 Caryocolum leucothoracellum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in France Austria Switzerland Italy Hungary and Morocco.The length of the forewings is 4–5 mm for males and 4.5–6 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown with a white subcostal streak near the base and a white medial spot. Adults have been recorded on wing from late June to late October probably in one generation per year.
 Trichoplusia circumscripta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Mediterranean Basin and parts of the Near East and the Middle East. It has been recorded from all the Levant countries.Adults are on wing year round. There is probably one generation per year.
 Chondrothyrium is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 Eupithecia carpophagata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the mountains of Europe including the eastern Pyrenees the central and southern part of the Alps the Massif Central the central Apennines and the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is about 22 mm.The larvae feed on Silene species including Silene cordifolia Silene saxifraga and Silene rupestris. Larvae can be found from the end of June to September. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 Lemon Clouded Yellow (Colias thrasibulus) is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the yellows and whites which is found in India.
 Commissaris's long-tongued bat (Glossophaga commissarisi) is a bat species from South and Central America.
 Platyptilia calodactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Portugal Hungary Romania Ukraine and Greece. It has also been recorded from Iran.The wingspan is 18–25 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae feed in the stem of Solidago virgaurea Senecio nemorensis Senecio sylvaticus and Doronicum species sometimes causing wilting of the leaves. Pupation takes place within the stem.
 Agdistis cappadociensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Turkey (including the Sivas Province). The habitat consists of heavily pastured steppe interspersed with ploughed fields. Plants recorded on the site are Crataegus Allium and Dianthus species.The wingspan is about 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brown with a slightly paler central area. There is a scattering of brown scales along the costal and dorsal areas. The fringe is unicolourous light brown-grey.
 Lygosoma punctata is a species of skink found in India and Sri Lanka.
 The Chthamalidae is a family of chthamaloid barnacles living entirely in intertidal/subtidal habitats characterized by a primary shell wall of 8 6 or 4 plates lacking imbricating plate whorls and either membraneous or more rarely calcareous basis. They will not be found below immediate subtidal habitats and will be more likely found in the highest tier of shallow water barnacle fauna.
 Conus biliosus common name the bilious cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Paralabis is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America from the Oligocene 33.3—30.8 mya existing for approximately 2.5 million years.
 The Kokoe poison dart frog (Phyllobates aurotaenia) is a member of the Dendrobatidae family of frogs which are found in the tropical environments of Central and South America. First described by zoologist George Albert Boulenger in 1913 P. aurotaenia is known for being one of the most poisonous frogs in the world.
 Macruronus is a genus of merluccid hakes.
 Flabellina nobilis is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine heterobranchia mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Melanostoma fasciatum is a species of hoverfly found in New Zealand where it is common in agricultural fields and gardens. Locally dense populations of this hoverfly species might effectively reduce pest infestation. Hence they are perhaps an effective natural and non-toxic bioagent that may control and reduce aphid and small caterpillar populations.
 Acanthocinus obliquus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by LeConte in 1862.
 Xenophysella is a genus of moss bug (Peloridiidae). The type species is Xenophysella stewartensis formerly Xenophyes stewartensis found only on Stewart Island off New Zealand.
 Spilotes pullatus commonly known as the chicken snake yellow rat snake or serpiente tigre is a species of large nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Mesoamerica.
 Seranambia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Seranambia nodosa Descarpentries 1974 Seranambia succinicola Descarpentries 1974↑
 Hetereucosma is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Barbatula samantica is a species of ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.It is found only in Turkey.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pritha is a genus of spiders in the family Filistatidae (crevice weavers). Most of its 22 described species are found in Asia from Israel to China and the Philippines. Several species occur in the Mediterranean and one species is found on New Guinea.
 Cryptosaccus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Dunfermline (1974–1989) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and Broodmare. In a career which lasted from September 1982 until October 1984 she ran ten times and won three races. In 1977 the year of her owner Queen Elizabeth II's Silver Jubilee she won two of the five British Classic Races. She won the Epsom Oaks against other fillies in June and in September added St. Leger Stakes beating the double Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Alleged.
 The Forest Queen (Euxanthe wakefieldi) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa from KwaZulu-Natal to Swaziland and the north-eastern Limpopo Province north into eastern Africa.The wingspan is 65–72 mm for males and 80–90 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from March to June.The larvae feed on Deinbollia species (including Deinbollia oblongifolia) Sapindus Blighia and Phialodiscus species.
 Tarachodes similis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Golden-fronted Woodpecker (Melanerpes aurifrons) is a North American woodpecker. Its preferred habitat is mesquite and riparian woodlands. It is distributed from Texas and Oklahoma in the United States through Mexico to Honduras and northern Nicaragua. Cooke listed this species as an abundant resident of the lower Rio Grande Valley Texas in 1884.
 Aliculastrum is a genus of small sea snails or bubble snails marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Haminoeidae.[citation needed]This genus was originally considered to be a subgenus of Atys.
 The Candy Cane Coral also known as Trumpet or Bullseye Coral is a species of large stony corals in the family Faviidae.
 Ozyptila maculosa is a crab spider species found in England.
 Calliostomatidae is a family of sea snails within the superfamily Trochoidea and the clade Vetigastropoda.
 Phyllonorycter andalusicus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Spain.The larvae probably feed on Retama sphaerocarpa. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Phrantela umbilicata is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Phyllosphingia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Phyllosphingia dissimilis which is known from the south-eastern Russian Far East eastern and central China Taiwan the Korean Peninsula and Japan. There is also a record from Luzon. Subspecies perundulans is found from Nepal east through north-eastern India Myanmar and northern Thailand to southwestern China. The habitat consists of open parklands and forest edges.The wingspan is 93–130 mm.
 Rhyphelia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only species R. variegata occurs in Venezuela and Brazil.
 Amata ochrospila is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia.
 Pryteria colombiana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Colombia.
 The Red-lored Amazon or Red-lored Parrot (Amazona autumnalis) is a species of Amazon parrot native to tropical regions of the Americas from eastern Mexico south to Ecuador with a disjunct population in central Brazil where it occurs in humid evergreen to semi-deciduous forests up to 1100 m altitude. It is absent from the Pacific side of Central America north of Costa Rica.
 Elesma subglauca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the southern half of Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults have grey forewings with a faint tracer pattern. The hindwings are white shading to grey at the apices.
 Gammaridae is a family of amphipods. In North America they are included among the folk taxonomic category of scuds and otherwise gammarids is usually used as a common name.They have a wide distribution centered on Eurasia and are euryhaline as a lineage inhabiting fresh to marine waters.
 Eumops (mastiff bats or bonneted bats) is a genus of bats in the family Molossidae.
 The surge wrasse Thalassoma purpureum is a species of wrasse native to the southeast Atlantic Ocean through the Indian and Pacific Oceans where it inhabits reefs and rocky coastlines in areas of heavy wave action at depths from the surface to 10 m (33 ft). It can grow to 46 cm (18 in) in total length and 1.2 kg (2.6 lb) in weight. This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries is popular as a game fish and can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Beaugay (foaled 1943 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted the 1945 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly. Bred by Arthur B. Hancock at his Claiborne Farm near Paris Kentucky she was purchased at the 1944 July Selected Yearling sale for $22000 by cosmetics queen Elizabeth Arden who campaigned her under the name of her Maine Chance Farm.
 Pataeta carbo is a moth of the Noctuidae family and the only member of the Pataeta genus. It is found around the west Pacific including Australia (in the Australian Capital Territory the Northern territory Queensland and Victoria) as well as in Fiji and Hong Kong.The wingspan is about 50 mm. The larvae feed on Eucalyptus and Callistemon species.
 Iothia fulva is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae one of the families of true limpets.
 The White-eared Opossum (Didelphis albiventris) is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay.It is a terrestrial and sometimes arboreal animal and a habitat generalist living in a wide range of different habitats. It's an omnivorous animal feeding on invertebrates small vertebrates fruits and plants.For some time this species was incorrectly known by the name D. azarae correctly applied to the Big-eared Opossum.
 Synodontis ocellifer is a species of upside-down catfish found in rivers of northern and western Africa. This species grows to a length of 49 centimetres (19 in) TL.
 Cacophrissus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Cacophrissus maculipennis Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Cacophrissus pauper Bates 1885 Cacophrissus pubescens Chemsak & Linsley 1963↑
 Volvatellidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Oxynooidea.This family has no subfamilies.
 Spilarctia styx is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1910. It is found in Papua.
 Coleophora maritimarum is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the French and Italian Alps.The larvae probably feed on Aster alpinus.
 Palleopa innotata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 60 mm. Adults have streaky brown forewings and pale hindwings.The larvae feed on the foliage of Eucalyptus species. Young larvae are brown on top and off-white underneath. They have a greenish dorsal stripe. Older instars are reddish-brown with some black and white spots along the sides.
 Mordella gratiosa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1981.
 Triacetelus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Triacetelus emarginatus (Chevrolat 1862) Triacetelus sericatus Bates 1892 Triacetelus viridipennis Chemsak & Linsley 1976↑
 Angiostomatidae' is a family of parasitic nematodes.
 Micropercops is a genus of freshwater sleepers native to eastern Asia.
 Paraplatyptilia lutescens is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America including California.
 Rhypotoses is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Anchicremna uncinata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 27.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish strigulated brown and creamish. The hindwings are cream slightly tinged brownish terminally.
 Heptodon is an extinct genus of tapir-type herbivore of the family Helaletidae endemic to North America during the Eocene epoch. It lived from 55.4—48.6 mya existing for approximately 6.8 million years.
 Ypsolopha parenthesella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from Europe to Japan as well as north-eastern China Asia Minor and Mideast Asia.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September. It is a variable species especially in wing pattern and colour.The larvae feed on various trees including Quercus Fagus Fraxinus Populus Carpinus (including Carpinus betulus) Crataegus Malus Betula and Corylus avellana.
 Cerace lemeepauli is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern Vietnam.The wingspan is about 51 mm. The species is externally similar to Cerace stipatana stipatana however the female genitalia are distinct.
 Cassiopea (upside-down jellyfish) is a genus of true jellyfish and the only members of the family Cassiopeidae. They are found in warmer coastal regions around the world including shallow mangrove swamps mudflats canals and turtle grass flats in Florida. The medusa usually lives upside-down on the bottom which has earned them the common name. Where found there may be numerous individuals with varying shades of white blue green and brown.
 Calliopaea is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Limapontiidae. These are sacoglossan sea slugs.
 Aphantes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tortrix purpurana redirects here. As invalidly established by A.H. Haworth in 1811 this refers to Celypha rufana.The gold triangle or clover hay moth (Hypsopygia costalis) is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe. The wingspan is 16–23 mm. The adult moths fly from May to July depending on the location. The supposed species H. aurotaenialis is included here pending further study.The caterpillars feed on dry vegetable matter.
 Cophyla is a small genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Madagascar. It has three species.
 The Foothill Screech Owl (Megascops roraimae) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is found in forests and dense second growth at altitudes of 200–1800 metres (660–5910 ft) in northern and western South America. Its taxonomy is extremely complex and a matter of dispute (see taxonomy).
 Tenodera fasciata is a species of mantis in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae.
 Paratype trifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1869. It is found in Brazil.
 Sybilla livida is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Germain in 1900. It is known from Chile.
 Rawlinsella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Tischerioidea is the superfamily of trumpet leaf miner moths.This is one candidate as the sister group (see also Palaephatoidea) of the bulk of Lepidoptera the Ditrysia (Davis 1999; Wiegmann et al. 2002) and they have a monotrysian type of female reproductive system.
 Nyctiphanes is a genus of krill comprising four species with an anti-tropical distribution. Based on molecular phylogenetic analyses of the cytochrome oxidase gene and 16S ribosomal DNA Nyctiphanes is believed to have evolved during the Miocene.
 Aratathomas's Yellow-shouldered Bat (Sturnira aratathomasi) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 The White-billed crow (Corvus woodfordi) is a member of the Crow family found on the Solomon Islands.It is a short and stocky forest bird (40–41 cm in length) with a short squared-off tail and a relatively large head with a very distinctive deep and curved pale ivory-coloured bill with a darker tip. The dark nasal bristles though not thick are quite apparent against the pale coloured bill.
 Eburia cinerea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Peru.
 The Samoan Fantail (Rhipidura nebulosa) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family.It is endemic to Samoa.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Monachoptilas are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Phaenomenella angusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Muroidea are a large superfamily of rodents including hamsters gerbils true mice and rats and many other relatives. They occupy a vast variety of habitats on every continent except Antarctica. Some authorities have placed all members of this group into a single family Muridae due to difficulties in determining how the subfamilies are related to one another.
 Spalding's Dart (Agrotis herzogi) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eremic zone from North Africa to the Arabian Peninsula and Iran.Adults are on wing from October to April depending on the location. There is one generation per year.
 Endotricha consobrinalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Zeller in 1852. It is found in Africa and the Middle East.
 Ethmia quadrillella is a moth from the family Ethmiidae found in Eurasia.The wingspan of the moth ranges from 15–19 mm. The flight time ranges from May to mid September in one or two generations.The host plants are comfrey forget-me-not and Pulmonaria officinalis.Three subspecies have been described: E. q. quadrillela – northern populations E. q. canuisella – southwestern populations (southern France Italy) E. q. luctuosella – Asia Minor
 Cassis patamakanthini is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 The sicklefin chimaera (Neoharriotta pinnata) is a species of fish in the Rhinochimaeridae family found near Angola the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Mauritania Namibia Senegal Sierra Leone and Western Sahara. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Microsarotis palamedes is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India Vietnam Sri Lanka and possibly Java.The larvae feed on Tamarindus indica Bauhinia purpurea and Lantana species.
 The Bean-leaf Webworm Moth or Soybean Leaf Folder (Omiodes indicata) is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found from Florida to Texas the West Indies and Mexico to South America Cameroon the Comoros the Democratic Republic of Congo La Réunion Madagascar Mauritius Nigeria Saudi Arabia the Seychelles South Africa India Borneo and Australia (Queensland).The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Eteobalea siciliae is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found on Sicily as well as in Algeria and Turkey.The wingspan is about 13–14 mm. Adults have been recorded in June and from August to the beginning of September.
 Chondrothyra is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 Leuciscus gaderanus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leuciscus.
 Sesioidea is the superfamily currently containing clearwing moths (Sesiidae) castniid moths (Castniidae) and little bear moths (Brachodidae). There is evidence from head and thoracic morphology that the first two families internally feeding in plants as caterpillars are sisters whilst some brachodids are known to feed on leaf surfaces (Edwards et al. 1999). Sesioidea are considered to be the sister group of Cossoidea[1] which contain the also internal-feeding Goat and Leopard moths.
 Elaphrus olivaceus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Leconte in 1863.
 Eulima hians is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The Whitespotted Devil also known as the Jewel Damselfish lives in the western Atlantic Ocean and can only grow to 10 cm in length.
 Faveria tritalis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is known from Australia including Queensland and the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have forewings with a fawn pattern.The larvae feed on various grasses including Cynodon dactylon. They live in a silken shelter with incorporated leaves of the food plant.
 Vexillum pisolinum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Brazilian snake-necked turtle (Hydromedusa maximiliani) locally known as Cágado da Serra is a species of Chelid turtle endemic to eastern and southeastern Brazil. It is one of the smallest Brazilian freshwater turtles reaching a maximum average length of 20 cm. The species prefers streams with sandy and rocky bottoms and clear water in forests above 600 m elevation.
 Asterias amurensis also known as the Northern Pacific seastar and Japanese common starfish is a seastar native to the coasts of northern China Korea Russia and Japan. This species has been introduced to the oceanic areas of Tasmania southern Australia Alaska the Aleutian Islands parts of Europe and Maine.
 The Black-faced Antthrush (Formicarius analis) is a passerine bird.
 Brunneria brasiliensis common name Small-winged Stick Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and Venezuela.
 The Sleepy Underwing or Pink Underwing (Catocala concumbens) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern North America west across the southern half of the Prairie Provinces to eastern Alberta.The wingspan is 60–75 mm. Adults are on wing in August in one generation depending on the location.The larvae feed on Populus and Salix species.
 Tetrastictypena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phalonidia phlebotoma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Pterobunocephalus dolichurus is a species of banjo catfish found in Brazil and Peru where it is native to the Amazon River Basin. It grows to a length of 6.7 cm.
 Catoxantha opulenta is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae subfamily Chrysochroinae.
 Bollons' rattail Coelorinchus bollonsi is a species of rattail found along the east coast of New Zealand at depths of between 300 and 800 m. Its length is between 10 to 25 cm.
 Helix melanostoma is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails.
 Penelopides is the genus of relatively small primarily frugivorous hornbills found in forests of the Philippines and the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. Their common name tarictic hornbills is an onomatopoetic reference to the main call of several of them. They have a ridged plate-like structure on the base of their mandible.
 Hyla surinamensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is known only by Daudin's illustration so is considered a nomen dubium.
 The Choctaw bean scientific name Villosa choctawensis is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae. This species is found in the southeastern United States and is currently on the endangered species list. The species epithet and the common name are based on the name of the Choctaw people Native Americans who were originally from the southeastern United States.
 The Dismal Sylph (Tsitana tsita) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Winterberg and Amatolas in the eastern Cape along the Drakensberg into Lesotho and KwaZulu-Natal down to sea level from Durban across the midlands to the Tugela the Orange Free State the eastern part of the North West Province and Gauteng into the Limpopo Province. It is also present in Zimbabwe.
 Coleophora bagorella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Romania Russia (Volga region) Turkey Mongolia and China.
 The Charazani tree frog Hyloscirtus charazani is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia and possibly Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rivers. It is currently threatened by water pollution.
 Enneanectes boehlkei known commonly as the Roughhead triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny.
 Tachyrhynchus ventricosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Master Minded (foaled April 14 2003) is a French bred National Hunt racehorse presently trained in Great Britain by Paul Nicholls.
 Cyclophora bipunctata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Xenophora peroniana is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Kurtziella antiochroa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Alexander Archipelago wolf (Canis lupus ligoni) also known as the Archipelago wolf and the Islands wolf is a subspecies of the gray wolf Canis lupus and primarily resides in the areas in and around the Alexander Archipelago. This region composes a part of the Tongass National Forest where this species makes its home. There have been multiple attempts to have the Alexander Archipelago wolf listed as threatened on the Endangered Species List but they have all failed.
 Ingerophrynus quadriporcatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and plantations.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Billaea irrorata is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Copelatus indicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1882.
 The San Xavier talus snail scientific name Sonorella eremita is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helminthoglyptidae. This species is endemic to the United States. The common name talus snail refers to the fact that snails in this genus live on and in talus.
 The Yellow-thighed Finch (Pselliophorus tibialis) is a passerine bird which is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama. Despite its name it is not a true finch but rather a member of the large Emberizidae family which also includes buntings American sparrows juncos and towhees.This is a common bird in wet mountain forests second growth bamboo clumps scrubby pasture and bushy clearings from 1700 m altitude to the timberline.
 Heterauge is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and contains the species H. sarcalis. It is found in Brazil.
 Fusolatirus higoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Forficula ruficollis is a species of earwigs.
 The Nilgiri Flycatcher (Eumyias albicaudatus) is an Old World flycatcher with a very restricted range in the hills of southern India. It was formerly referred to as the Nilgiri Verditer Flycatcher because of its similarity to the Verditer Flycatcher a winter migrant to the Nilgiris which however has distinct dark lores and a lighter shade of blue. There are two small white patches at the base of the tail.
 The Black-faced Pitta (Pitta anerythra) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acrolophus zanclophora is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Shanyangosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur found in Shaanxi China and known only from a few fragmentary leg bones. The bones are reportedly hollow; this along with other features of the femur and known foot bones suggest it is a member of the coelurosauria but a specific family cannot be determined without more material. Holtz et al. assigned Shanyangosaurus to Avetheropoda.
 Trioceros is a genus in the family Chamaeleonidae. It was previously considered a subgenus of the genus Chamaeleo until 2009 when it was elevated to full genus level.
 The African clawed frog (Xenopus laevis also known as the xenopus African clawed toad African claw-toed frog or the platanna) is a species of African aquatic frog of the Pipidae family. Its name is derived from the three short claws on each hind foot which it uses to tear apart its food. The word Xenopus means strange foot and laevis means smooth.African clawed frogs can grow up to a length of 5 in (13 cm).
 Depressaria hofmanni is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found from France and Spain to Poland and Romania and from Germany to Italy and Austria. It has also been recorded from Greece and Russia.The larvae feed on Seseli libanotis. They live in between the leaves of the host plant which they spin together with silk.
 Spilarctia vulgaris is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and Suhartawan in 2011. It is found in New Guinea.
 Bucculatrix kogii is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Kobayashi Hirowatari and Kuroko in 2010. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido).The wingspan is 7-8 mm. The forewings are white with some dark brown irrorations. The hindwings are grey.
 Anycles brinkleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It was described from the Canca Valley.
 Euchionellus zanzibaricus is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Euchionellus.
 Favartia funafutiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Turritella capensis common name the waxy screw shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 The rupicolous gerbil (Dipodillus rupicola) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Mali.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and rocky areas.
 Heteropsini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Allodemus Alloesia Amoaba Callideriphus Championa Chrysoprasis Eburiola Eriphosoma Eryphus Erythrochiton Erythropterus Eupempelus Heterops Homogenes Mallosoma Monnecles Neopoeciloderma Plectrocerum Poeciloderma Potisangaba Pseudothonalmus Purpuricenopsis Stratone Tacyba Tobipuranga Trichrous Unabiara Unatara↑
 Pseudolampetis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Pseudolampetis aequatoris (Obenberger 1924) Pseudolampetis bilineata (Latreille 1813) Pseudolampetis boliviana Obenberger 1939 Pseudolampetis camposi (Théry 1907) Pseudolampetis cincta (Kerremans 1897) Pseudolampetis circumsulcata (Laporte & Gory 1837) Pseudolampetis elytralis (Obenberger 1917) Pseudolampetis fasciata (Kerremans 1919) Pseudolampetis luteitarsis (Moore 1986) Pseudolampetis plagiata (Kerremans 1919) Pseudolampetis rossi (Cobos 1969) Pseudolampetis soukupi Obenberger 1939 Pseudolampetis weyrauchi (Cobos 1969)↑
 The Elm Spanworm Moth (Ennomos subsignaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Texas to Alberta and east to the Atlantic coast. It is recorded infrequently in Great Britain through accidental importation in asparagus.The wingspan is 35-40 mm. Adults are pure white except for yellow branches on the antennae. They are on wing from late May to August. one generation per year.The larvae feed on elm apple birch maple and oak.
 Mauritia scurra common name the Jester Cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Colpospira cordismei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Choreutis marzoccai is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Pastrana in 1991. It is found in Argentina.
 Parirazona dolorosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Cancilla planofilum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Asbolis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Acrocercops strophiaula is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java).The larvae feed on Schima noronhae. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Trichaetoides apicalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo.
 Cozistra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Duplicaria kieneri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Eugnosta caracana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).The wingspan is 15-16 mm. The ground colour is creamy ochreous with ochreous yellow shades silvery spots and blackish microstrigulae. The hindwings are brown.
 Phallocottus obtusus the Spineless sculpin is a species of sculpin native to the Pacific Ocean waters around the Aleutian Islands Alaska. It is found at depths of from 0 to 150 metres (0 to 492 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Northern Wheatear or Wheatear (Oenanthe oenanthe) is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family Turdidae but is now more generally considered to be an Old World flycatcher Muscicapidae.
 Neocurtimorda mordelloides is a species of beetle in the Neocurtimorda genus which is part of the Mordellidae family.
 Acosmeryx pseudomissa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Mell in 1922. It is known from Thailand southern China and Vietnam.The larvae feed on Actinidia species.
 Aegires villosus is a species of sea slug. It is a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aegiridae.
 The canary-flycatchers (Culicicapa) are a genus of bird in the flycatcher family Stenostiridae. The genus is restricted to South East Asia. They have a fine tipped bill which becomes broad and flat at the base. The sexes are indistinguishable in plumage. There are two species C. ceylonensis with a whitish eye-ring and C. helianthea which has a yellowish eye-ring.
 Bathymodiolus childressi is a species of deepwater mussel a marine bivalve mollusk species in the family Mytilidae the mussels.Although this species has been known since 1985 it was formally described as a species in 1998.
 The Hooded Seedeater (Sporophila melanops) is a mysterious bird from Brazil from the genus of typical seedeaters (Sporophila). It is only known by the male holotype from 1823.This has a length of eleven centimetres and is so oddly patterned that some scientists regard it variously as either a hybrid or an abnormal specimen of the Yellow-bellied Seedeater (Sporophila nigricollis). The bird had a black crest and throat. The upperparts are olive. The underparts show a dingy buff.
 Sinocyclocheilus macrophthalmus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Aiolopus is a genus of grasshopper belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Oedipodinae.
 Rhaphium is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Aldanaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Chileulia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Suzumushi (鈴虫 Homoeogryllus japonicus) is the Japanese name for the bell cricket also known as the bell-ring cricket'. It is known particularly for its song.
 Cloeon dipterum is a species of mayfly with a Holarctic distribution. It is the most common mayfly in ponds in the British Isles and the only ovoviviparous mayfly in Europe. Males differ from females in having turbinate eyes.
 Berthellina is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Micraspis lineola is a species of ladybird. It was described by Fabricius in 1775.
 Paralithodes is a genus of king crabs containing the following species:
 Geryonidae is a family of crabs including the following genera and species:
 Melanella aequatorialis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Fusconaia ozarkensis is a species of bivalve in the Unionidae family. It is endemic to the United States.
 Palaina patula is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Collidosuchus is an extinct genus of archegosauroidean temnospondyl within the family Archegosauridae.
 Omalogyra is a genus of minute marine gastropod molluscs in the family Omalogyridae. This genus includes the smallest gastropods with adult sizes of 1 mm and even less.
 Stagetus is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Typhlops klemmeri is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The Lami tuco-tuco (Ctenomys lami) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. It is endemic to an area in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil where it is found in the vicinity of sand dunes. The species is threatened by urbanization and the conversion of its habitat to agricultural use. Swamp drainage has led to a zone of hybridization with a neighboring population of C. minutus.
 Scaphella luizcoutoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Garra tana is a species of tropical ray-finned fish in the genus Garra. It is endemic to Ethiopia. It reaches a maximum length of around 10.5 cm and can be found close to shore. It is listed as vulnerable under the IUCN red list status.
 Lexias aeropa the Orange-banded Plane is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-east Asia and Australia.Females have a wingspan of about 85 mm making them larger than males with a wingspan of about 6 mm. The adults are dark brown with a broad orange band across each wing. The underside is similar but paler and rather mottled.The larvae feed on Calophyllum species.
 Glossodoris aeruginosa is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Catocala amabilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Transcaspia.
 Jamestown (1928–1953) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred and raced by George D. Widener Jr. an Exemplar of Racing described by the Sarasota Herald-Tribune newspaper as one of thoroughbred racing's most respected horsemen.
 The suckermouthed catfish (Hypostomus punctatus) is a tropical fish known as a Plecostomus belonging to the armored suckermouth catfish family (Loricariidae). Hypostomus punctatus is a freshwater fish native to South America in the coastal drainages of southeastern Brazil and Uruguay. It is one of a number of species commonly referred to as the Common Pleco by aquarists.
 Philbertia cala is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 Acrocercops encentris is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guyana. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 Eleutherodactylus ortizi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Schistura latifasciata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The reed vole (Microtus fortis) is a species of vole. It is found in northern and central Eurasia including northern China and the Korean Peninsula. The species is somewhat larger and longer-tailed than most other voles. An adult has a body 12-18 cm long and a tail of 4.7-5.7 cm.
 Melanarctia lativitta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Staphylinochrous whytei is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 Euxesta eluta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Scopula chalcographata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Egypt the United Arab Emirates Oman Iran and Israel.
 The Indian Grassbird (Graminicola bengalensis) is a species in a genus in the Pellorneidae family. It was formerly placed in the Old World Warbler family Sylviidae and the babbler family Timaliidae.
 Ctenopoma is a genus of climbing gouramies native to Africa. Microctenopoma has been included in Ctenopoma in the past.
 Raillietina tetragona (synonym Taenia tetragona Molin) is a parasitic tapeworm belonging to the class Cestoda. It is a cosmopolitan helminth of the small intestine of pigeon chicken and guinea fowl and is found throughout the world.It is a very typical of cestode with striking resemblance to other species of Raillietina. Its identifying features are therefore mainly on the neck and scolex structures.
 Aethes fennicana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern and central Europe Iran and China (Xinjiang).The wingspan is 15–16 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Apiculonia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Aru tree frog Litoria aruensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat destruction.
 Anchicremna is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Neotamandua is an extinct genus of anteaters that lived in the Miocene to Pliocene in South America. Their fossils have been found in the La Venta fauna of Colombia and the Pliocene Araucano Formation in Argentina. Its closest living relatives are the giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla) and tamanduas (genus Tamandua). The species Neotamandua borealis was suggested to be an ancestor of the giant anteater.
 Semioscopis avellanella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe (except most of the Balkan Peninsula the Iberian Peninsula and Ireland) east to the eastern parts of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 20–26 mm. Adults are on wing from March to April.The larvae feed on Betula Tilia (including Tilia cordata) and Carpinus species. They feed inside a folded or rolled leaf of their host plant. Pupation takes place in detritus.
 Poliosia brunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1878. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam).
 The southern river otter Lontra provocax is a species of otter that lives in Chile and Argentina. Although called a river otter it inhabits both marine and freshwater environments. It sometimes is considered a subspecies of Lontra canadensis. The southern river otter is listed as endangered due to illegal hunting water pollution and habitat loss.
 Xanthacrona tripustulata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Xanthacrona of the family Tephritidae.
 Dausara is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Geogepa striatula is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cinnamon cream suffused and strigulated with brownish cinnamon and with brown along the basal part of the costa. The hindwings are brownish grey but creamier towards the base with brownish grey strigulation.
 Gymnobela turrispira is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Charaxes fuscus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 Forsten's tortoise (Indotestudo forstenii) is an endangered species of tortoise found on Sulawesi Indonesia. I. travancorica is found in the Western Ghats of India and has been considered as a synonym of I. forstenii previously but is now treated as a separate species.
 Echinolittorina subnodosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Bolivaridia is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Cochylimorpha fuscimacula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Shaanxi Xinjiang) and Russia.The wingspan is 11-16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
 The ʻĀkohekohe (Palmeria dolei) or Crested Honeycreeper is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper. It is endemic to the island of Maui in Hawaiʻi. Its natural habitat is wet forests dominated by koa (Acacia koa) and ʻōhiʻa lehua (Metrosideros polymorpha) on the windward side of Haleakalā at elevations of 4200 to 7100 feet (1300 to 2200 m). It is the largest honeycreeper on the island at 6.5 to 7 inches (17 to 18 cm) in length.
 Decantha borkhausenii is a moth of the Oecophoridae family (concealer moths). It is the type species of the Decantha genus although it was once placed in the genus Oecophora. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Benelux the Iberian Peninsula most of the Balkan Peninsula Denmark and Lithuania.The wingspan is 11–14 mm.The adult moth is yellow and blackish with a brown hind wing while the caterpillar is translucent white.
 Coptodon ejagham is a species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Ejagham in western Cameroon. It was only scientifically described in 2010 and has therefore not been rated by the IUCN but it likely faces the same risks as the critically endangered T.
 Rasbora semilineata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Mannophryne herminae is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.The Mannophryne herminae is classified as Near Threatened (NT) on the IUCN Red List.
 Nicrophorus antennatus is a species of burying beetle first described scientifically by Edmund Reitter in 1884.
 Pagyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Isometrus vittatus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Babelomurex takahashii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Procoptodon was a genus of giant short-faced kangaroo living in Australia during the Pleistocene epoch. P. goliah the largest known kangaroo that ever existed stood approximately 2 m (6.6 ft). They weighed about 230 kg (510 lb). Other members of the genus are smaller however and Procoptodon gilli is the smallest of all of the sthenurine kangaroos standing ~1m tall.Giant short-faced kangaroos had a flat face and forward-pointing eyes.
 Closia giadae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Danielithosia pallens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Japan (Ryukyus).
 Hilarographa quinquestrigana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The lyretail damselfishes are fishes in the genus Neopomacentrus in the family Pomacentridae. They are marine coastal fishes except N. taeniurus that occurs in brackish waters and even in pure fresh water.
 Oedicarena persuasa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Oedicarena of the family Tephritidae.
 Cassin's Flycatcher (Muscicapa cassini) also known as Cassin's Grey Flycatcher or Cassin's Alseonax is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Niger Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Togo Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Ameerega braccata formerly Epipedobates braccatus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mediterranean mussel scientific name Mytilus galloprovincialis is a species of bivalve a marine mollusc in the family Mytilidae. It is an invasive species in many parts of the world and also an object of aquaculture.
 Pareas is a genus of snakes in the Colubridae family subfamily Pareatinae (treated also as its own family family Pareatidae) from Asia. They are all harmless to humans.
 Platycythara elata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Lebia cruxminor is a species of ground beetle in the Harpalinae subfamily.
 Stenograpta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Zacorus carus is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland Tasmania and Victoria.
 Dupouyichthys sapito is the only species of banjo catfishes in the genus Dupouyichthys. This species appears to be restricted to the Magdalena and Maracaibo basins. D. sapito is a small armored aspredinid growing up to 27 millimetres (1.1 in) SL distinguished from all other aspredinids by having only one set of paired pre-anal-fin plates. Also the bony ornamentation of its skull is better developed than its close relatives. It is found in river banks with vegetation.
 Oxyjulis californica is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Pacific Ocean along the coasts of California and Baja California. Its distribution extends from Salt Point in Sonoma County California to southern central Baja California near Cedros Island. It is a very common species; its common name in Spanish is señorita.This fish can grow to 25 cm (9.8 in) in total length. Its body is fusiform frequently described as cigar-shaped.
 Coleophora captiosa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Mongolia.The larvae feed on Haloxylon aphyllum. They create a leafy case consisting of a thin caudal tube (the initial case rolled from cut skin of first mine) and two apices of hollowed branches. The valve is undeveloped and the adult moves out of the case through the caudal tube. The length of the case is 6.5-7.5 mm and it is chocolate-brown to yellow in color.
 The Blackneck (Lygephila pastinum) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe Siberia Japan and China.The wingspan is 37–42 mm. The length of the forewings is 18–21 mm. The moth flies in two generations from late March to mid August and from September and October .The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Vicia cracca and Lathyrus pratensis.
 Jocara extensa is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in the Guyanas and Brazil.
 Lightbournus russjenseni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Cleonymia pectinicornis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Spain and throughout the northern African deserts and the Near East.Adults are on wing from February to April. There is one generation per year.
 Angulus emarginatus is a species of Angulus bivalve mainly distbed in tidal zone of Mainland China.
 Bulimulus sculpturatus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Donaspastus digitatus is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Nassarius lima common name the clathrate nassa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Parakneria spekii is a species of fish in the Kneriidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Limnocottus griseus is a deepwater sculpin. It was described by Dmitrii Nikolaevich Taliev in 1955 originally as a subspecies of Abyssocottus godlewskii. It is a freshwater fish which is endemic to Lake Baikal Russia. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 250-1300 metres.
 Palpifer hopponis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Orthocomotis chlamyda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The wingspan is 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream tinged with ochreous and sprinkled and dotted with brown. The markings are brown. The hindwing are brownish.
 Hirasea major is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.This is an endangered species.
 The Madagascan Grebe (Tachybaptus pelzelnii) is a grebe found only in western and central Madagascar. It is classified as Vulnerable with a population of less than 5000. The most serious threat is in the west from reduction of habitat especially by rice cultivation.
 Jozaria is an extinct genus of an early proboscidean from the Early to Middle Eocene of the Kuldana Formation of Kohat Pakistan.Only one specimen belonging to the species Jozaria palustris has been discovered so far. Geological evidences from the place of discovery indicate that the animal lived in a brackish marsh environment. It probably fed on soft aquatic vegetation.
 Sebastapistes is a genus of scorpionfishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Neomyrina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Phyllonorycter agilella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Latvia and central Russia to the Pyrenees Italy and Bulgaria and from France to eastern Russia.The larvae feed on Ulmus glabra Ulmus laevis and Ulmus minor. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface (but sometimes upper-surface) weakly folded tentiform mine. The folded side of the mine is whitish. The pupa is created in a very loose cocoon.
 Euglandina balesi is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Euthalia franciae also known as the French Duke is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
 Eupithecia mentavoni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Leontochroma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Diaphanoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of small sea snails marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Cephalaspidea the headshield slugs and bubble snails.Species in this superfamily have small flimsy almost globular shells known as paper bubble gastropod shells.
 Philbertia episema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 Haplaner is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Haplaner australis (Blackburn 1888) Haplaner insulicola Blackburn 1901 Haplaner velox (Castelnau 1867)↑
 The greater spear-nosed bat (Phyllostomus hastatus) is a bat species of the family Phyllostomidae from South and Central America. It is one of the larger bats of this region and is omnivorous.
 Eumenogaster notabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Eleutherodactylus montanus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to the Dominican Republic. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Pyrenean chamois (French: izard or isard Spanish: rebeco or gamuza Aragonese: sarrio or chizardo Catalan: isard Italian: camoscio) Rupicapra pyrenaica is a goat antelope that lives in the Pyrenees Cantabrian Mountains and Apennine Mountains. It is one of the two species of the genus Rupicapra the other being the Chamois Rupicapra rupicapra.
 Latirus hesterae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Sphecosoma linda is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by D. Jones in 1914. It is found in Brazil.
 Fagacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae. It contains a single described species and at least two undescribed species. Fagacarus species feed on fungi in decaying wood.
 Kingston (1884-1912) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won 89 races the most in the history of the sport of Thoroughbred racing. Of his 138 starts he was out of the money only on four occasions. He was later inducted into the United States Racing Hall of Fame.
 Dunama jessiebancroftae is a moth in the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica where it is known from the Peninsula de Nicoya and the lowland of central Pacific Costa Rica at elevations ranging from 50 to 1286 metres (164 to 4219 ft).
 Gabbiella is a genus of small freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae.
 The Western broad-toothed field mouse (Apodemus epimelas) is a species of rodent in the genus Apodemus from southeastern Europe. It is related to A. mystacinus which occurs further to the east.
 Ectoedemia insularis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1985. It is known from Sakhalin in Russia.
 Acheilognathus polylepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.
 Coleophora persimplexella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Comptonia Betula and Alnus species. They create a lobe case.
 Liptena sauberi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and possibly Nigeria.
 Bertholdia fumida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Zutulba ocellaris is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Rest Harrow (Aplasta ononaria) is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Southern Europe to Anatolia and from England to the Baltic States.The wingspan is 26–31 mm. The length of the forewings 13–14 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Ononis.
 Euhagena palariformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Turkey Azerbaijan Armenia Iran Iraq Syria and Lebanon.Adults are on wing in early summer.The larvae probably feed on Eryngium species.
 Chapalmalania is an extinct procyonid genus from the Pliocene of South America which lived from 5.3 to 1.8 million years ago.Though related to raccoons and coatis Chapalmalania was a large creature reaching 1.5 metres (4.9 ft) in body length with a short tail. It probably resembled the giant panda. Due to its size its remains were initially identified as those of a bear.
 Euchroa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Euchroa atoyac Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa carbonera Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa centralis (Darlington 1939) Euchroa chrysophana Bates 1891 Euchroa citlaltepetl Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa cuiyachapa Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa cupripennis Chaudoir 1874 Euchroa dimidiata Chaudoir 1874 Euchroa dives Tschitscherine 1898 Euchroa filodecaballo Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa flohri Bates 1882 Euchroa harrisoni Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa huautla Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa independencia Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa ixtapa Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa jalisco Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa juchatengo Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa lasvigas Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa miahuatlan Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa nitidicollis Brulle 1834 Euchroa nitidipennis Putzeys 1846 Euchroa nizavaguiti Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa onkonegare Shpeley & Araujo 1997 Euchroa opaca (Chaudoir 1835) Euchroa pedernales Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa perezi (Darlington 1939) Euchroa perote Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa puertogallo Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa sallei Chaudoir 1874 Euchroa santacatarina Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa soladevega Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa suchixtepec Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa tenancingo Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa teotitlan Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa tiburonicus (Darlington 1935) Euchroa yucuyacua Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa zempoaltepetl Frania & Ball 2007 Euchroa zongolica Frania & Ball 2007↑
 Turbo sparverius common name the corded turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Bulinus camerunensis is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Lake Barombi Koto and Lake Debundsha in Cameroon.
 Centrolene audax is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Typhlops tetrathyreus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Lasioderma semirufum is a species of beetles in the genus Lasioderma of the family Anobiidae.
 Scopula cumulata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Kyrghyzstan.
 Ctenophthalmus pseudagyrtes is a species of flea in the family Hystrichopsyllidae. It is widespread in North America east of the Rocky Mountains and is found mainly on small mammals.
 Carasobarbus chantrei is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It continues to be placed in the deprecated wastebin genus Barbus by the IUCN.It is found in Syria and Turkey. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scabricola coriacea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Turbonilla davidpenasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Carcinus aestuarii is a littoral crab native to the Mediterranean Sea. It bears some similarities to Carcinus maenas and was sometimes considered to be a subspecies thereof rather than a species in its own right but a molecular biological study using the COI gene found the difference between the two taxa to be substantial supporting their status as separate species. The two taxa can be visually distinguished by the front of the carapace between the eyes which is short and toothed in C.
 The Chaotung Vole (Eothenomys olitor) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in China.
 Pseudoeurycea galeanae is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland plantations and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The longnose catshark Apristurus kampae is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the eastern central Pacific from central and southern California and the Gulf of California between latitudes 38° N and 23° N at depths down to 1890. Its length is up to 58 cm.
 Cochylimorpha tamerlana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Transcaspia and Turkmenistan.
 Berthelinia darwini is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.
 Turbonilla pumila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Catacroptera is a monotypic genus of butterflies of the subfamily Nymphalinae in the family Nymphalidae found in Africa. The habitat consists of grassland and savanna.The single species the Pirate (Catacroptera cloanthe) has a wingspan of 50 to 63 mm. Its dorsal colour is orange with rows of dark bands in the forewing and blue spots surrounded by darker brown in the wind wing. The underside is brown with greyish stripes. Sexes are similar. There are seasonal forms which differ slightly.
 Matchem (1748 – 21 February 1781) sometimes styled as Match 'em was a Thoroughbred racehorse who had a great influence on the breed and was the earliest of three 18th century stallions that produced the Thoroughbred sire-lines of today in addition to Eclipse and Herod. He was the Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland from 1772 - 1774.
 Aethes margaritana the Silver Coast Conch is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Haworth in 1811. It is found in most of Europe. The habitat consists of downland waste ground and shingle beaches.The wingspan is 12–16 mm. Adults have a silky-white groundcolour with yellow-ochreous transverse markings.
 Gonocephalus is also a synonym of the catfish genus Clarotes.Gonocephalus is a genus of lizards endemic to southeast Asia.
 Oreophryne pseudasplenicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Chocophorus solisi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in El Salvador.The wingspan is about 32 mm. The head is scaled and the face is pale grey-brown. The antennae are dark brown with some pale brown scales. The thorax is dark brown with a double central and a lateral white longitudinal line. The forewings are pale to dark chocolate brown interrupted by ferruginous parts. The hindwings are ferruginous-brown. Adults have been recorded in August.
 Polysoma aenicta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Albizzia gummifera species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a moderate irregular transparent blotch mine.
 Platambus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic including Europe the Near East and North Africa. It distinguished by a wide epipleuron.
 Thaumatopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Nemophora cassiterites is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found in India.
 Tritonia septemtrionalis is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.OBIS listed Tritonia septentrionalis Baba 1938.
 The Merriam's Elk (Cervus canadensis merriami) is an extinct subspecies of elk once found in the arid lands of the southwestern United States predominantly Arizona. Since the arrival of the Europeans uncontrolled hunting and cattle grazing had driven the subspecies into extinction over a century ago with the exact presumed date being 1906. Another subspecies of elk Eastern Elk (Cervus Canadensis Canadensis) also went extinct at roughly the same time.
 The wimple piranha Catoprion mento is a specialized species of piranha that feeds on fish scales.
 Nemapteryx nenga or Kata is a sea catfish found in the Arabian Sea the Bay of Bengal and the Pacific Ocean off of Thailand. It is found in marine as well as brackish waters and reaches a length of 30 cm.
 Atethmia obscura is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Geograpsus severnsi is an extinct species of land crab from Hawaii. It died out shortly after humans colonized the Hawaiian Islands and is the first documented example of a crab becoming extinct in historical times.
 The Broken-line Hypenodes (Hypenodes fractilinea) is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It was described by J. B. Smith in 1908. It is found from Nova Scotia south to North Carolina west across Canada to Alberta. The habitat consists of mixed wood and deciduous woodland.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. Adults are light grey or dirty white with variable darker grey markings. They are on wing from late June to mid August.
 Patriofelis (Latin: Father Cat) was a large cat-like oxyaenid creodont of middle Eocene some 45 million years ago in North America. It was around 1.2 to 1.8 metres (3.9 to 5.9 ft) long not including the tail and weighted about 40-90 kg making it around the same size as a modern panther. It had short legs with broad feet suggesting that it may have been a poor runner but a quite good swimmer.
 Scopula falcataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Paragorgopis stapes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragorgopis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Eurithia vivida is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Apistosia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Eriphosoma is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Eriphosoma barbiellinii Melzer 1922 Eriphosoma bipartitum (Buquet in Guérin-Méneville 1844) Eriphosoma jacobi Fuchs 1961 Eriphosoma marcela Napp & Monne 2006 Eriphosoma mermudes Napp & Monne 2006↑
 Nodozana jucunda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jones in 1914. It is found in Brazil.
 Melanella convexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella. This species is mainly distributed throughout the seas and oceans south of the Antarctic Circle.
 The Light Red Acraea (Acraea nohara) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from KwaZulu-Natal north through Zimbabwe to Kenya.The wingspan is 40–48 mm for males and 43–50 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to November and from January to March in southern Africa.The larvae feed on Basananthe sandersonii and Tricicleras longipedunculatum.
 Sophroferonia parvitarsis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Sophroferonia.
 Lophiotoma pseudoannulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Ancilla exigua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Taoniinae is a subfamily containing eleven genera of glass squids.
 Eupithecia praealta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Spain and North Africa.
 Fusiturricula maesae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae. The specific name maesae is named in honor of American malacologist Virginia Orr Maes.
 Endotricha flammealis is a moth of the family Pyralidae.It is found in Europe and nearby regions: its range extends to Iran (via the Caucasus) to Lebanon and Syria and to the Maghreb. The proposed subspecies carnealis and several supposed varieties seem to be indistinguishable from typical individuals found in Austria.The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies from July to August in the temperate parts of its range (e.g.
 Episcepsis moloneyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Belize.
 Suarezia albicollis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Suarezia.
 The white-fin smooth-hound (Mustelus widodoi) is a species of tropical houndshark family Triakidae found in the Bali and Indonesia areas of the Western Pacific.
 The Apefly (Spalgis epius) is a small butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. It gets its name from the supposed resemblance of its caterpillar to the face of an ape.
 Glyphipterix compastis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1923. It is found in India (Assam).
 The Australian Wood Duck Maned Duck or Maned Goose (Chenonetta jubata) is a dabbling duck found throughout much of Australia. It is the only living species in the genus Chenonetta. Traditionally placed in the subfamily Anatinae (dabbling ducks) it might actually belong to the subfamily Tadorninae (shelducks); the Ringed Teal may be its closest living relative.
 Physalaemus nattereri is a frog native of South America (Brazil Bolivia and Paraguay) that has two false eyes on its rear. The 3–4 cm frog lifts its rear end when threatened startling predators. This trait is so dangerous and intimidating because no matter if your at the front or the back of the frog it will always appear to be staring at you.
 Hippurites atheniensis is an extinct species of fossil saltwater clam a marinel bivalve mollusk in the family Hippuritidae. These fossils occur in the Late Cretaceous deposits of Greece Serbia Dalmatia Istria Bosnia and Herzegovina Slovenia Bulgaria and Italy.
 Euhelopus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived between 129 and 113 million years ago during the Early Cretaceous in what is now Shandong Province in China. It was a large bipedal herbivore it weighed approximately 15-20 tons and attained an adult length of 15 m (49 ft) Unlike most other sauropods Euhelopus had longer forelegs than hind legs.
 Metriochroa psychotriella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Florida.The larvae feed on Psychotria nervosa and Psychotria undata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Aethes sulphurosana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Algeria.
 Isognomon radiatus Lister's tree oyster or the radial purse oyster is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pteriidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from southern Florida to Brazil and Bermuda.
 Sinibrama wui is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinibrama.
 Syngamoneura is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Macrobathra desmotoma is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Thieleella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Scissurellidae.This genus is now considered a synonym of Anatoma Woodward 1859.
 Acanthosaura coronata is a species of Agamid lizards: commonly known as the crowned spiny lizard. They are found in the lowland tropical forests of eastern Cambodia (type location) and Vietnam (Lam Dong and Dong Nai provinces). They are diurnal and can be found frequently in Cat Tien National Park. Although often found near the ground they have cryptic colouration and climb trees when threatened.
 Parasimulium is a genus of black flies containing two subgenera and four species. They are found in western North America. Most species are rare and some Canadian species are cave dwellers.
 Neptis gratiosa is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru and Shaba) northern Zambia Mozambique north-western Tanzania and Kenya. The habitat consists of grassy woodland.
 The Scaled Chachalaca (Ortalis squamata) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found in forests in southeastern Brazil. It was previously considered a subspecies of the Speckled Chachalaca.
 Lampsilis dolabraeformis is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Kentrochrysalis sieversi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the southern part of the Russian Far East north-eastern China and South Korea.The wingspan is 88-90 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to mid August in Korea.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Fraxinus species in Primorskiy Kray.
 Acrida is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae. The genus contains around 40 species which are found in Africa Europe Asia North America Hawaii and Australia. Insects of this genus are omnivorous and are a well known pest of many agricultural crops.
 Xenuroturris gemmuloides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Nikolaus's mouse (Megadendromus nikolausi) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It is the only species in the genus Megadendromus.It is found only in Ethiopia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Profundulus guatemalensis the Guatemalan killifish is a teleost fish found in Belize and Guatemala.
 Tomoxia flavicans is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Frederick George Waterhouse in 1878.
 Endophthora are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Typhlomangelia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Conus hivanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Blastobasis mpala is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Kenya where it is known from savanna habitat in the central highlands.The length of the forewings is 7.1–8.2 mm. The forewings are pale yellowish brown intermixed with pale brown scales and a few brown scales. The hindwings are pale brown.
 Peltopleurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Leptosteges is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Marsipiophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Amphibamus is a genus of amphibamid temnospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous (middle Pennsylvanian) of Europe and North America. This animal is considered to have been close to the ancestry of modern amphibians. Its length was about 20 cm.
 Nipponaphera suduirauti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Commanche Court (April 14 1993 - May 26 2009) is an Irish thoroughbred racehorse trained in Ireland by Ted Walsh. The son of Commanche Run gave his trainer his one and only Cheltenham Festival winner when landing the 1997 Triumph Hurdle under Norman Williamson.In 2000 he gave Ted Walsh and his son Ruby Walsh a first Irish Grand National victory when beating Foxchapel King by ten lengths.
 Calisto debarriera is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Eilema fibriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China.
 Eulima subconica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Chiromantes eulimene is a species of crab found in the mangrove swamps of south-eastern Africa (South Africa and Mozambique).
 Ectosinum planulatus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Cariri climbing mouse Rhipidomys cariri is a partly arboreal rodent species from South America. It is known from two mesic localities in Ceara northeastern Brazil within the semiarid caatinga ecoregion. It has been found in areas under cultivation. Cariri is the name of an administrative microregion within the state of Ceará.
 Eucosma is a very large genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae. The genus has a Holarctic and Indomalayan distribution (Some Afrotropical species originally described in this genus have since been reassigned to other genera [1]).
 Poliana is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Paranerita coccineothorax is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 The Mango-flower Moth Blossom Moth or Mango-flower Webber (Cryptoblabes plagioleuca) is a species of snout moth in the genus Cryptoblabes. It was described by Turner in 1904. It is found from Indonesia to Australia and the Society Islands.Adults are red-brown and grey with a double line on the forewing.The larvae feed on Mango and citrus species. They feed in groups on dying flower parts under light webbing. The larvae are spotted pale brown or beige with dark shiny heads.
 The Salta tuco-tuco (Ctenomys saltarius) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is endemic to Argentina.
 Hameopis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Leptodeuterocopus tungurahue is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Ecuador.The wingspan is about 12 millimetres (0.47 in). Adults are on wing in September.
 Blavia caliginosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Schizothorax meridionalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Etheostoma proeliare the cypress darter is a species of darter endemic to fresh waters of the central and eastern United States.
 Joculator albocinctum is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Melvill and Standen in 1896.
 Neogene albescens is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina.
 Pusillina philippi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Anabarilius macrolepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus that are currently extinct. The extinction is believed to be caused by the dry up of the Yilong Lake in 1981.
 The Yellow-capped Pygmy Parrot (Micropsitta keiensis) is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Centruroides barbudensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family. It is native to Mexico.
 Gecarcinus lateralis also known by the common names blackback land crab Bermuda land crab red land crab (leading to easy confusion with Gecarcoidea natalis) and moon crab (leading to easy confusion with G. quadratus and Cardisoma spp.) is a colourful crab from the family Gecarcinidae.
 Eulima almo is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Louse (plural: lice) is the common name for members of over 3000 species of wingless insects of the order Phthiraptera; three of which are classified as human disease agents. They are obligate ectoparasites of every avian and mammalian order except for monotremes (the platypus and echidnas) bats whales dolphins porpoises and pangolins.
 Rhadinocentrus ornatus the Ornate Rainbowfish is a species of rainbowfish endemic to Australia. This species grows to a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) SL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Inquisitor interrupta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Galadi is an extinct genus of predatory bandicoot from Oligo-Miocene deposits of Riversleigh northwestern Queensland Australia. It was first named by K.J. Travouillon Y. Gurovich R.M.D. Beck and J. Muirhead in 2010 and the type species is Galadi speciosus; additional three species G. adversus G. amplus and G. grandis were described in 2013. The genus is represented by three well-preserved skulls and several isolated maxillae and dentaries.
 Eburia brevispinis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found in Guatemala Mexico and Nicaragua.
 Ostenoteuthidae is an extinct family of cephalopods from Lower Jurassic of Italy. They have ten arms with unusual structure.Both known species are from Lower Sinemurian.The type locality for up to date known two species is near village Osteno Lake Lugano Province of Como northern Italy. Eight specimens from this family are stored in Museo Civico di Storia Naturale di Milano in Milan Italy.
 The Yellow-billed Cotinga (Carpodectes antoniae) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and was once believed to inhabit Northern Panama although we now believe they are endemic to certain areas in the Osa Peninsula.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tachina ursinoidea is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Burma China Nepal Taiwan Thailand and Indian provinces like Assam Uttar Pradesh and Western Bengal.
 The David's Tiger (Parantica davidi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Thereva is a genus of flies from the family Therevidae commonly known as Stiletto flies.
 Brachydoxa are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Euphaedra olivacea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in central and western Uganda.
 Amalda parentalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Dark Fishing Spider (Dolomedes tenebrosus) is a fishing spider found in northeastern North America.Female bodies are 15–26 mm; males are 7–13 mm. Legs range from 50–90 mm. The spider is a pale to dark brown colour with several chevron markers and lighter stripes around its legs. Similar to D. scriptus
 Graecopithecus freybergi is a hominid known only by a single fragment of skull from 1944.The mandible with a (tertiary molar) m3 that is very worn the root of a (secondary molar) m2 and a fragment of a (premolar) p3 is from the Tour la Reine site and is dated from the late Miocene. Excavation of the site is not possible (1986) due to the owner having built a swimming pool on the location. The mandible was found on the Greek mainland at Pyrgos Vassilissis north west of Athens.G.
 Schistura cataracta is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Euchontha memor is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Lyford Cay (foaled 1954 in Ontario) was a Canadian Thoroughbred Gelding racehorse who in 1957 won the 98th running of the Queen's Plate Canada's most prestigious race and North America's oldest annually run stakes race. [1]
 Cyclyrius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax) is a species of bird from Central and West Africa. It is monotypic in the genus Stiphrornis. It has been placed in the family Turdidae but is now generally placed in Muscicapidae in the group popularly known as chats. Most taxonomists consider it a single species but some reviews have recommended recognizing 5 species.
 Stenopterygii are a superorder of ray-finned fish in the infraclass Teleostei. Their validity is somewhat doubtful as the group was established to separate out of a large group of closely related Teleostei a mere two rather peculiarly autapomorphic orders at best. In some treatments it is even monotypic.As originally conceived the Stenopterygii include the Ateleopodiformes and Stomiiformes. Sometimes the former are removed to form a monotypic superorder Ateleopodomorpha.
 Eudolatites is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Delo in 1935 and the type species is Eudolatites angelini which was originally described under the genus Dalmanites by Barrande in 1852. The type locality was the Bohdalee Formation.
 Brachodes staudingeri is a moth of the Brachodidae family. It is found from European Russia to the eastern Palearctic ecozone including Kyrgyzistan the mountains of south-eastern Kazakhstan and north-western China.The wingspan is about 31 mm for males and 22.5 mm for females. The forewings are grey with whitish yellow scales. The hindwings are uniform grey. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to July.
 Eudalaca minuscula is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Sematuridae is a family of moths in the lepidopteran order that contains two subfamilies (Minet and Scoble 1999).
 Isostigena is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Pygmy Eagle or New Guinea Hawk-Eagle (Hieraaetus (morphnoides) weiskei) is a bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is often considered a subspecies of the Little Eagle but some taxonomists separate it into a distinct species.
 Orthetrum macrostigma is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Mozambique and possibly Zambia. Its natural habitats are swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Phaulernis laserinella is a moth of the Epermeniidae family that is endemic to France.
 Graphosia polylophota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in New Guinea.
 Starksia atlantica the smooth-eye blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western central Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea where it inhabits coral reefs at depths of around 8 metres (26 ft).
 Vexillum martinorum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Ancash Tapaculo (Scytalopus affinis) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rocky areas.
 Anthidium alsinai is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Eupithecia ronkayi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in northern Thailand and western Myanmar.The wingspan is about 16.5–17 millimetres (0.65–0.67 in). The forewings are dark brown with a soft reddish tinge and the hindwings are greyish white.
 Chondrocladia is a genus of carnivorous demosponges of the family Cladorhizidae of mycalinan Poecilosclerida. Neocladia was long considered a junior synonym but has recently become accepted as a distinct genus.33 named species are placed in this genus at present but at least two additional undescribed ones are known to exist while some of the described ones are known only from a few specimens or (e.g.
 The Halfblack triplefin (Enneapterygius hemimelas) also known as the Half-black triplefin Blackbelly triplefin or the Green-tail threefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was originally described by R. Kner and F. Steindachner in 1867. It is a non-migratory tropical blenny known from coral reefs in the western Pacific Ocean and has been described from the Ryukyu Islands to eastern Australia.
 Paraclinus spectator is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it can be found on rocky reefs at depths of from 1 to 7 metres (3.3 to 23.0 ft). This species can reach a length of 5.2 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Ratsirakia legendrei is a species of sleeper goby endemic to fresh waters of Madagascar. This species can reach a length of 17 centimetres (6.7 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Atlanta turriculata is a species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.
 Ptocheuusa guimarensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 7.5-9 mm. The forewings are pale fawn brown with whitish cinereous lines and streaks. The hindwings are pale grey.
 Alcibiades (1927-1957) was an American Thoroughbred racemare that won the Kentucky Oaks and was later a good broodmare.Owned and bred by Hal Price Headley at his Beaumont Farm near Lexington Kentucky Alcibiades was named for the ancient Greek soldier and statesman Alcibiades. She was sired by Supremus out of Regal Roman. On her sire's side she goes back to the great stallion Domino.Alcibiades had seven starts with four wins at two-years.
 The Myanmar snub-nosed monkey or Burmese snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus strykeri) is a critically threatened species of colobine monkey discovered in 2010 in northern Burma (Myanmar). It was formally described as a novel species of Primate in 2011 based on its fur beard and tail.
 Tarentola mauritanica is a species of gecko (Gekkonidae) native to the Western Mediterranean region of Europe and North Africa and widely introduced to North America and Asia. It is commonly observed on walls in urban environments mainly in warm coastal areas though it can spread inland - especially in Spain.
 Abrothrix andinus also known as the Andean Altiplano Mouse or Andean Akodont is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae. It is found in the altiplano habitat of the Andes from central Peru through Bolivia south to Argentina and Chile.
 Mordella insulata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1859.
 The Oregon Swallowtail (Papilio oregonius sometimes classified as Papilio machaon oregonius or Papilio bairdii oregonius) is a species of swallowtail butterfly native to the U.S. states of Oregon Washington and Idaho and south-central British Columbia in Canada. In 1976 it became one of the first four butterflies that the United States Postal Service placed on a U.S. stamp.The Oregon Swallowtail was declared the state insect of Oregon in 1979 by the Legislative Assembly.
 Miomantis tangana is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Epicephala periplecta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 The Agile Cool-skink or Tasmanian Tree Skink (Niveoscincus pretiosus) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family. It is endemic to Tasmania and the Bass Strait islands. It is viviparous and may be found in a wide variety of habitats from tall forests to rocky coastlines.
 Eleutherodactylus lythrodes is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Peru and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 The Marbled Elf (Eretis djaelaelae) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Somalia to South Africa to Angola and Abyssinia. The habitat consists of savanna woodland and sometimes also grassland.The wingspan is 31–35 mm for males and 34–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round it is more common in warmer areas.
 Carmenta mariona is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Beutenmüller in 1900. It is found from Montana south to Arizona and east to Kansas.Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on the roots of Amsinckia species and Lithospermum incisum.
 Clinograptis are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Chapoania dentigera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Los Lagos Region).
 Trochulus sericeus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Opharus intermedia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil (Rio Grande do Sul).
 Rhyacia arenacea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in the steppe and semi-desert zone of the central Palaearctic ecozone.Adults are on wing from May to October. There is one generation per year.The larvae probably feed on Poaceae species.
 Myopsyche sankuruica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1954. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Cosmisoma lividum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Magno in 1988.
 Sphegina montana is a species of hoverfly from Central and Northern Europe. It is absent from Great Britain and Ireland. The face is normally all black; body length is 5–6 mm.
 Tenebrioninae are a large subfamily of the darkling beetles (Tenebrionidae) containing among others the flour beetles. Many of these robust and usually mid-sized beetles have elytra with some sort of corrugation on the upperside. They are usually colored blackish dark brown or grey and often have a satiny sheen; they are generally not glossy (some are outright matte) and few are metallic.
 Acrocercops quinquistrigella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Kentucky Texas Florida and Georgia).The larvae feed on Sida rhombifolia. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Copadichromis is a genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in Eastern Africa. Many Copadichromis species are popular with aquarists who keep mbuna (Lake Malawi cichlids) as this genus is relatively peaceful in captivity.
 Stictonaclia subflava is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Tapejaridae (meaning the old beings) are a family of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the early Cretaceous period. Members are currently known from Brazil Morocco Spain and China where the most primitive genera are found indicating that the family has an Asian origin.
 Leptostylus saxuosus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Tippman in 1960.
 Schistura anambarensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The Laurentine Idia (Idia laurenti) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from central New York south to the mountains of North Carolina.There is probably one generation per year.Larvae have been reared on dead leaves of cherry.
 Altrix trifolium is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Sesamia cretica the Corn stem borer Greater sugarcane borer Sorghum stem borer Stem corn borer Durra stem borer Large corn borer Pink sugarcane borer Sugarcane pink borer Sorghum borer Pink corn borer Maize borer or Purple stem borer is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Lederer in 1857. It is found in most of the countries and islands of the Mediterranean basin. The range extends through the Middle East and Arabia to Pakistan northern India and northern Africa.
 Aedophron venosa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan and Iran.
 Alosa agone is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa.Alosa agone is an endangered species of the Alosa genus.
 Fissurella nubecula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Blastobasis deliciolarum is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4–6.7 mm. The forewings have brownish-grey scales tipped with pale brownish grey intermixed with brown and pale brownish-grey scales. The hindwings are pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Sparganopseustis unipunctata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Trypeta dubia is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Eupithecia personata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Hibolithes is a genus of belemnite that lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous and has been found in Antarctica Europe South America and New Zealand.
 Palpidia melanotricha is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Jamaica.
 The Bolaños woodrat (Neotoma palatina) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found only in Mexico.
 Gamasiphoides is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
 Xestagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Xestagonum ahrensi J. Schmidt 1995 Xestagonum alanstivelli Morvan 1999 Xestagonum alticola J. Schmidt 1998 Xestagonum ambiguum Fairmaire 1891 Xestagonum ambulator Andrewes 1930 Xestagonum arvarum Morvan 1996 Xestagonum baehri J. Schmidt 1996 Xestagonum bellasilviae J.
 Echinolittorina mespillum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Pisonis Mimic or Brown-bordered White (Itaballia pandosia) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the Amazonian regions of Brazil Ecuador Peru and in Central America Colombia and Venezuela. The habitat consists of primary rainforests. It may be a mimic of Moschoneura pinthousThe wingspan is about 50 mm (2.0 in).The larvae possibly feed on the leaves of Capparis species.
 Balanus nubilus commonly called the giant acorn barnacle is the world's largest barnacle reaching a diameter of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) and a height of up to 30 centimetres (12 in) and containing the largest known muscle fibres.B. nubilus is frequently found growing on rocks pier pilings and hard-shelled animals at depths of up to 90 metres (300 ft) from Alaska to La Jolla San Diego County California. Like other acorn barnacles B.
 Plocaederus mirim is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Aplocampa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stigmella malifoliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Tadzhikistan.The larvae feed on Malus species.
 Coleophora staehelinella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern France and Spain.The larvae feed on Staehelina dubia. They completely mine a leaf then make a spatulate leaf case out of the mined material. Because the upperside and underside of the leaf differ in colour the dorsal and ventral side of the case are also coloured differently. Larvae can be found in spring.
 Vexillum jukesii is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Elachista fuscofrontella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Estonia and Latvia to the Russian Far East.The length of the forewings is about 3 millimetres (0.12 in). The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey strongly mottled with black tipped scales. The hindwings are brown. Adults have been recorded in August.
 Gyptitia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Phyllodontosuchus (Ancient Greek meaning leaf tooth crocodile in reference to the shape of the middle and posterior teeth) is a genus of sphenosuchian a type of basal crocodylomorph the clade that comprises the crocodilians and their closest kin. It is known from a skull and jaws from Lower Jurassic rocks of Yunnan China.
 Pleromelloida is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Pieridae are a large family of butterflies with about 76 genera containing approximately 1100 species mostly from tropical Africa and tropical Asia. Most pierid butterflies are white yellow or orange in coloration often with black spots.
 The Siantar caecilian Ichthyophis paucisulcus is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family found in Indonesia and Singapore. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps rivers intermittent rivers plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests seasonally flooded agricultural land and canals and ditches.
 Placocheilus caudofasciatus is a species of cyprinid native to Laos Vietnam and China in eastern Asia. This species can reach a length of 10.9 centimetres (4.3 in) SL.
 Heliothea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Forest Penduline Tit (Anthoscopus flavifrons) is a species of bird in the Remizidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Liberia and Nigeria.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The large red damselfly Pyrrhosoma nymphula is a European damselfly.
 Filatopus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 The Lake Wanam rainbowfish (Glossolepis wanamensis) is a critically endangered species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to Lake Wanam near Lae in Papua New Guinea. It has virtually disappeared from the small lake (2-3 km in diameter) due to competition from introduced non-native tilapias but captive populations exist.
 Oreohelicidae is a family of small to medium-sized air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 The Southern Birch Mouse (Sicista subtilis) is a species of birch mouse in the family Dipodidae. It is found on the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine Romania southern Russia and one isolated location in Hungary in the Borsodi Mezőség Protected Landscape Area. The Hungarian subspecies (S. subtilis trizona) is critically endangered and strictly protected.
 Lasianobia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acanella is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family containing the following species:Acanella africana Kükenthal 1915Acanella arbuscula (Johnson 1862)Acanella chiliensis Wright & Studer 1889Acanella dispar Bayer 1990Acanella eburnea (Pourtalès 1868)Acanella furcata Thomson 1929Acanella gregori (Gray 1870)Acanella microspiculata Aurivillius 1931Acanella rigida Wright & Studer 1889Acanella robusta Thomson & Henderson 1906Acanella verticillata Kükenthal 1915Acanella weberi Nutting 1910↑
 True North (foaled March 30 1966 in Virginia) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the then richest race in Florida the 1971 Widener Handicap at Hialeah Park Race Track.True North was bred by Bertram and Diana Firestone's Newstead Farm in Upperville Virginia. Out of the mare Rose Hill he was sired by Northern Dancer.
 Erbessa cuneiplaga is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Surinam French Guiana and Brazil.
 Bellamya robertsoni is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in Malawi and Mozambique.
 Cerastis fishii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern North America from Newfoundland to southern Ontario in Canada. In the United States it is found from Maine west to Ohio Michigan and northern Wisconsin then south to North Carolina. Recently it has also been recorded from Tennessee.The wingspan is 30–36 mm. Adults are on wing from March to June.The larvae feed on the flowers and the leaves of blueberry.
 Homochira is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Aphomia variegatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Aphomia. It was described by Hampson in 1901 and is known from Malaysia and Borneo.
 Acromyrmex hispidus is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini. It is found in the wild naturally in southern Brazil and Bolivia.
 The Derby Toadlet (Uperoleia aspera) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to the Kimberley region near Derby and Broome in Western Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The tits chickadees and titmice constitute Paridae a large family of small passerine birds which occur in the northern hemisphere and Africa. Most were formerly classified in the genus Parus.These birds are called either chickadees (onomatopoeic derived from their distinctive chick-a dee dee dee alarm call) or titmice in North America and just tits in the rest of the English-speaking world.
 Lemyra jankowskii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Oberthür in 1881.It is found in China (Sichuan Shaanxi Shanxi Jiangsu Zhejiang Yunnan Heilongjiang Liaonin Hebei Shandong Tibet Jilin Beijing Qinghai Hubei Guangxi) south-eastern Russia and the southern Kuriles.
 Baillon's wrasse Symphodus bailloni is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from the British Isles and Belgium to Mauritania and the western Mediterranean Sea along the coast of Spain and around the Balearic Islands. This species inhabits areas with plentiful weed growth or around rocks at depths from 1 to 50 m (3.3 to 164.0 ft). It can reach 20 cm (7.9 in) in standard length though usually not exceeding 18 cm (7.1 in).
 Elganellus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Castelnaudia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Castelnaudia cordata (Chaudoir 1865) Castelnaudia cyanea (Castelnau 1840) Castelnaudia cyaneotincta (Boisduval 1835) Castelnaudia eungella (Darlington 1962) Castelnaudia hecate (Tschitscherine 1901) Castelnaudia kirrama (Darlington 1962) Castelnaudia marginifera (Chaudoir 1865) Castelnaudia mixta (Darlington 1962) Castelnaudia obscuripennis (Macleay 1887) Castelnaudia porphyriaca (Sloane 1900) Castelnaudia queenslandica (Csiki 1930) Castelnaudia septemcostata Chaudoir 1874 Castelnaudia setosiceps (Sloane 1923) Castelnaudia spec (Darlington 1962) Castelnaudia speciosa Sloane 1911 Castelnaudia superba (Castelnau 1867) Castelnaudia wilsoni (Castelnau 1867)↑
 Perrotia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Symmoca simulans is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Hellinsia oxyntes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Brazil (São Paulo).The wingspan is 20‑22 mm. The head is ochreous-brown but white between the antennae. These are whitish with an indistinct dark line above. The thorax is whitish sometimes more or less tinged with ochreous. The abdomen is whitish-ochreous but the base is sometimes whitish. The forewings are whitish-ochreous partially tinged or sprinkled with brownish. The hindwings are pale ochreous-grey.
 Comstock's Sallow (Feralia comstocki) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the southern Appalachians north to the Maritime Provinces east across the southern boreal forest to Vancouver Island south to Oregon. In Alberta the species has been collected from the Lake Athabasca and Zama areas south to about Pigeon Lake.The wingspan is 33–35 mm. The moth flies from April to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on pinus species.
 The Black and White Ringlet or Pied Ringlet (Hypocysta angustata) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found on the Cape York Peninsula in Australia and in the rainforests of New Guinea.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults have black forewings with a white patch. The hindwings are white with a black border and a pair of eyespots.
 Hippotion brennus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Moluccas Papua New Guinea the Solomon Islands and north-eastern Australia.The wingspan is about 60 mm. Adults have patterned brown or grey forewings and yellow or orange hindwings with a brown border. The forewings each have a recurve on both the inner and outer margins. The hindwings each have a recurve on the outer margin near the tornus. The abdomen has four white markings along each side.
 Rhabdotenes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Cyprichromini is a tribe of African cichlids containing seven species in two genera: Cyprichromis and Paracyprichromis. Most species are endemic to Lake Tanganyika; only C. microlepidotus has also been seen in eastern Tanzania.
 The splash-back poison frog (Ranitomeya variabilis) also referred to as Zimmermann's poison frog is a species of poison dart frog. It is arboreal living in the rainforest canopy of Ecuador and Colombia. The species includes the frog formerly known as Ranitomeya ventrimaculata.
 Haploposthiidae is a family of acoelomorph worms.
 Shouchangoceras is pseudohaloritid and type genus for the Shouchangocerinae characterized by a compressed shell as much as 5 cm in diameter with a strongly constricted mature peristome that has shallow dorsolateral sinus a moderately deep rounded ventral sinus but without conspicuous lappets and ornamented by moderately strong transverse ribs and numerous stronger longitudinal lirae producing a weakly reticulate pattern. Lobes are attenuate.
 Baeoptila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Rostellariidae is a family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.
 Aulacocyclus edentulus is a beetle of the Passalidae family that occurs in Australia.
 Eupithecia bullata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Yunnan horse (Equus yunnanensis) was an extinct horse that once roamed in Pleistocene East Asia very likely as a grazer on open tracts of grassland. It was a small horse comparable in size to the modern Przewalski's horse.It was first described by Edwin H. Colbert from dental fossils collected by Walter W.
 Gymnothorax bacalladoi is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found only around the Canary Islands in the eastern central Atlantic at depths of between 17 and 605 m. Its length is up to 35 cm.
 Neocoenyra masaica is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Kenya and northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of open thorn-bush woodland at altitudes of about 1600 meters.
 Holcobius affinis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Phyllonotus globosus common name : the Globular Apple Murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Plocaederus fasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Betta gladiator is a species of gourami endemic to Sabah Malaysia. It is an inhabitant of the acidic waters of heath forest. It is known as a particularly territorial and aggressive species especially in captivity. This species grows to a length of 5.6 centimetres (2.2 in) SL.
 Cyperacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae containing the following species: Cyperacarus foliatus Beard & Ochoa 2011 Cyperacarus naomae Beard & Ochoa 2011↑
 Coleophora pratella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from France and Belgium to Latvia Lithuania Poland Romania and Bulgaria and from Germany to Italy Austria and Hungary.The larvae feed on Polygonum bistorta Fallopia dumetorum and Fallopia convolvulus. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Hopliteccopsis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Neonerita yahuasae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1916. It is found in Peru.
 Diaphanos huberi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 The bicolored shrew or bicoloured white-toothed shrew (Crocidura leucodon) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in eastern central and southern Europe and in western Asia. It is a nocturnal species and feeds on insects and other small creatures. Several litters of young are born during the warmer months of the year in a nest of dry grasses in a concealed location.
 Torellia mirabilis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 The desert box turtle (Terrapene ornata luteola) is a subspecies of box turtle which is endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
 Melieria kaszabi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 Corythoxestis is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Findley's myotis (Myotis findleyi) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only on the Tres Marías Islands off the west coast of Mexico.
 Paragorgopis oreas is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragorgopis of the family Tephritidae.
 Calamotropa is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and contains the species C. pulverivena. It is found in Western Australia.
 Cicadetta cantilatrix is a cicada. It is found in France Poland Germany Switzerland Austria Slovenia Macedonia and Montenegro. The calling song from this species consists of two phrases with different echemes.
 Phaudidae is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order.
 Tickell's Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis tickelliae) is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family. This is an insectivorous species which breeds in tropical Asia from the Indian Subcontinent eastwards to Southeast Asia. Its range stretches across all the countries from India to Indonesia. They are blue on the upperparts and the throat and breast are rufous.
 Seguenzia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Seguenziidae.This genus was named after Giuseppe Seguenza (1833-1889) the palaeontologist at Messina Italy.
 Citrinophila unipunctata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo (Equateur Tshuapa Sankuru Lulua and Lualaba) Uganda and possibly north-western Tanzania.
 Amathusia is a genus of large butterflies in the Nymphalidae family known as the Palmkings.
 Compsodrillia albonodosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Egyptian Ra (Chinese: 再領風騷) is a Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse. In the season of 2008-2009 Cruz the trainer had improved this seven-year-old an improbable 16 points from a mark of 110 to 126 on the ratings list and a place among the world's best thoroughbreds with an international rating of 119. Egyptian Ra also is one of the nominees of Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
 Amphimallon occidentale is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Portugal.
 The Pearly Parakeet (Pyrrhura lepida) more commonly known as the Pearly Conure in aviculture is a species of parrot that is endemic to east Amazonian forests in Brazil. Its taxonomic history is potentially confusing. It was formerly known as Pyrrhura perlata but following a review it was discovered that the type specimen long believed to belong to this species actually was a juvenile of the closely related Crimson-bellied Parakeet. Consequently P.
 The Herald (Scoliopteryx libatrix) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is a common species found in Great Britain and other parts. It has a wingspan of only 44 mm or so [1]. The Herald's flight period is between June and November in one or two broods. During the winter the Herald moth hibernates in dark cool structures (e.g. cellars barns and caves) returning to take wing again from March to June.
 Blastobasis nivis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.7–4.3 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Ethmophyllum was a genus of Cambrian sponge.
 Boisduval’s False Acraea (Pseudacraea boisduvali) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in most of Africa except the north-western quarter.The wingspan is 65-70 mm for males and 75-88 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from January to May.The larvae feed on Chrysophyllum Mimusops (including M. obovata and M. zeyheri) Manilkara discolor and Englerophytum (including E. magalismontanum and E. natalense).
 The Pseudomyrmecinae are a small subfamily of ants containing only three genera of slender large-eyed arboreal ants predominantly tropical or subtropical in distribution.
 Andonectes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Andonectes aequatorius (Régimbart 1899) Andonectes apure García 2002 Andonectes bordoni García 2002 Andonectes gregarius García 2002 Andonectes intermedius García 2002 Andonectes maximus Trémouilles 2001 Andonectes meridensis García 2002 Andonectes mildredae García 2002 Andonectes milla García 2002 Andonectes pineiroi García 2002 Andonectes septentrionalis García 2002 Andonectes similaris García 2002 Andonectes trujillo García 2002 Andonectes venezuelanus García 2002↑
 Scopula sybillaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in western China Hong Kong and possibly Borneo.Adults are greyish fawn in colour.
 Ogoa is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae from Africa.Ogoa fuscovenata Wichgraf 1922 (Tanzania)Ogoa luteola (Hering 1926) (Congo)Ogoa melanocera (Mabille 1879)	 (Madagascar)Ogoa neavei 	Rothschild 1916 (Malawi)Ogoa oberthueri Rothschild 1916 (Comoros Madagascar)Ogoa simplex 	Walker 1856 (Kenya South Africa Tanzania)Ogoa vitrina 	(Mabille 1879) (Madagascar)
 Paradmete longicauda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Barred Laughingthrush (Garrulax lunulatus) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family. In the proposed rearrangement of the laughingthrushes it is placed in the genus Ianthocincla as I. lunulata.It is endemic to China. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Prostomis mandibularis is a beetle of the family Prostomidae.
 Amblychia infoveata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Borneo Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra.
 Pseudoceros scriptus is a marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.
 Pristigenys alta common name short bigeye is a species of fish in the family Priacanthidae.
 Nemacheilus arenicolus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Thaeides is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Cinnamon Teal (Anas cyanoptera) is a species of duck found in western North and South America. It is a small dabbling duck with bright reddish plumage on the male and duller brown plumage on the female. It lives in marshes and ponds and feeds mostly on plants.
 Timbellus crauroptera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cymothoa exigua or the tongue-eating louse is a parasitic crustacean of the family Cymothoidae. This parasite enters fish through the gills and then attaches itself to the fish's tongue. The female attaches to the tongue and the male attaches on the gill arches beneath and behind the female. Females are 8–29 millimetres (0.3–1.1 in) long and 4–14 mm (0.16–0.55 in) in maximum width. Males are approximately 7.5–15 mm (0.3–0.6 in) long and 3–7 mm (0.12–0.28 in) wide.
 Triphyllozoon inornatum is a species of bryozoa in the family Phidoloporidae.
 The Little Bee-eater (Merops pusillus) is a near passerine bird in the bee-eater family Meropidae. It is resident in much of sub-Saharan Africa. It should not be confused with the Little Green Bee-eater Merops orientalis. Migration is limited to seasonal movements depending on rainfall patterns.This species like other bee-eaters is a richly coloured slender bird. It has green upper parts yellow throat black gorget and rich brown upper breast fading to buffish ocre on the belly.
 Henricus is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Acropolitis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Mordellistena grandii is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1942 by Franciscolo.
 Sperata aor the Long-whiskered catfish (Bengali: আইড়) is a species of bagrid catfish found in southern Asia in the nations of Pakistan India Nepal Bangladesh and Myanmar. It grows to a length of 180 cm and is commercially fished for human consumption. It is also a popular gamefish.
 Cymothoe eris is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Clouded Brindle (Apamea epomidion) is a moth of the family Noctuidae sub-family Hadeninae.It is found throughout continental Europe the British Isles Sweden and Central Asia.The wingspan is 40–46 mm.The moth flies in June and July.The larvae feed on grasses and other low plants.
 Sympistis apis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the plains of Northern Texas.The wingspan is 26–32 mm. Adults are on wing from late September to early October.
 Rivula everta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Phyllonorycter brachylaenae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa. The habitat consists of understory vegetation in secondary forests.The length of the forewings is 3.06–3.33 mm. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is golden ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are uniformly pale fuscous and a light fuscous fringe.
 The Lake Rukwa squeaker (Synodontis rukwaensis) is a species of upside-down catfish found in the Lake Rukwa drainage in Tanzania. This species grows to a length of 29 centimetres (11 in) TL.
 The Olive Moth (Prays oleae) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Southern Europe (the Mediterranean Region) and North Africa.The wingspan is 11–15 mm.The larvae are a pest on Olea europaea. Other recorded foodplants include Phillyrea Jasmine and Ligustrum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine initially consists of an upper-surface short narrow corridor.
 Cataprosopus is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Butler in 1881 and is known from India China and Japan.
 Bertholdia rubromaculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Araeopaschia rufescentalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Araeopaschia. It was described by Hampson in 1906. It is found in Australia.
 Taboun (22 February 1956 – 1962) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1959. As a two-year-old in 1958 Taboun won the Prix Robert Papin and finished second in the Coventry Stakes and the Prix Morny. In the following spring the colt won the Prix Djebel and the 2000 Guineas but failed to win again and finished unplaced in his last three races. He was retired to stud where he made little impact before dying at the age of six.
 The brown pigtoe scientific name Pleurobema hagleri was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species was endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat was rivers.
 Conus clarus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Weaver ants or green ants (genus Oecophylla) are eusocial insects of the family Formicidae (order Hymenoptera). Weaver ants are obligately arboreal and are known for their unique nest building behaviour where workers construct nests by weaving together leaves using larval silk. Colonies can be extremely large consisting of more than a hundred nests spanning numerous trees and contain more than half a million workers.
 Phyllomedusa palliata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador Peru and possibly Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xylodromus fleischeri is a species of beetle in the rove beetle family that is endemic to Romania.
 The Black-eared Mantella (Mantella milotympanum) is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.It is kept as a pet.
 Myzomela is a genus of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. It is the largest genus of honeyeaters with 31 species and the most geographically widespread. It ranges from Indonesia to Australia and into the islands of the Pacific Ocean as far as Micronesia and Samoa.
 Tonkinomys is a genus of Muridae rodent native to northeastern Vietnam. It was first discovered in a forested talus habitat in the Huu Lien Nature Reserve.
 Ditylenchus angustus (Rice stem nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The Spanish Festoon Zerynthia rumina is a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae. It is a widespread species in Spain and frequents most habitats.
 Argyropelecus hemigymnus the half-naked hatchetfish short silver hatchetfish or spurred hatchetfish is a deep-sea hatchetfish of the genus Argyropelecus found in mesopelagically in all oceans. It is a small species rarely exceeding 38 millimetres (1.5 in) standard length. It feeds on zooplankton particularly ostracods and copepods. Sexual maturation occurs at length of about 22 mm and adult males have more developed olfactory organs than females i.e. the species is sexually dimorphic.
 The Western Meadowlark (Sturnella neglecta) is a medium-sized icterid bird about 8.5 in (22 cm) long. It nests on the ground in open country in western and central North America grassland. It feeds mostly on insects but also seeds and berries. It has distinctive calls described as watery or flute-like which distinguish it from the closely related Eastern Meadowlark.
 Catuna is an Afrotropical genus of brush-footed butterflies.
 The Lesser Striped Swallow (Cecropis abyssinica) is a large swallow. It breeds in sub-Saharan Africa from Sierra Leone and southern Sudan south into eastern South Africa. It is partially migratory with South African birds wintering further north. West African birds leave the north of the breeding range in the dry season.This is a bird of wooded mainly lowland habitats and is replaced in montane grassland by the Greater Striped Swallow Hirundo cucullata.
 Leptarthrus is a genus of robber-flies Most species are found throughout Europe and there is one Chinese species.
 The Okinawa flying fox (Pteropus loochoensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus. It is endemic to possibly Japan. It was previously listed as extinct by the IUCN but because the two known specimens are taxonomically uncertain and of unknown provenance it was changed to 'Data Deficient'. Some place this animal into synonymy under Pteropus mariannus. Others treat the Okinawa flying fox as a subspecies of the latter while some give it full species status.
 The Wedge Sole (Dicologlossa cuneata) is a flatfish of the Soleidae family. It is a bottom dwelling predatory fish inhabiting both sandy and muddy soils between 10 and 450m below the surface of the water. It achieves a maximum size of 30 cm.
 The Three-coloured Harlequin Toad (Atelopus tricolor) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cassionympha is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 Lamprosema lucillalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found in Madagascar .Its wingspan is 22–23 mm with a length of the forewings of 10.5–11 mm.The holotype had been collected in West Madagascar 45 km South of Morondava
 Calleonasus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Daphnis hypothous is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka southern and northern India Nepal Myanmar southern China Taiwan Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia. It is a rare vagrant to the Western Palaearctic ecozone. During the last hundred years a number have been discovered within the Middle East and one was even found in Scotland late last century but this was probably imported as a pupa with cargo.The wingspan is 86–120 mm.
 Derobrachus sulcicornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1851.
 Sahyadria denisonii Denison's barb is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the fast-flowing hill streams and rivers of the Western Ghats.
 Hyalobagrus is a genus of bagrid catfishes found in Southeast Asia.
 Eupithecia castellata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from California and Nevada to Washington.The wingspan is 21 mm.
 Rhabdocarpais is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Tristrophis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Biclavigera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Meniscotherium is an extinct genus of dog-sized mammal which lived 54-38 million years ago. It was a herbivore and had hooves. Fossils have been found in Utah New Mexico. and Colorado. Many individuals have been found together indicating that it lived in groups.Body mass in M. chamense is estimated to be 5-17 kg making it about the size of a small dog.
 Equipoise (1928–1938) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career which lasted from 1930 until 1935 he ran fifty-one times and won twenty-nine races. A leading two-year-old in 1930 he missed most of the next season including two of the three American Triple Crown races through injury and illness. Ekky returned to the track in 1934 and proved to be a dominant champion winning numerous important stakes races in the next three years.
 The dubious dtella or northern dtella (Gehyra dubia) is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra native to Northeastern Australia (Queensland and northern New South Wales as well as islands of the Great Barrier Reef and the Torres Strait). It might also occur in the Louisiade Archipelago of Papua New Guinea. It is found in a variety of habitats including acacia and eucalyptus woodlands and on house walls also in urban areas.
 Lambula buergersi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1925. It is found in Papua New Guinea. It was previously only known from Mulu the type locality but was later also collected in the Foja Mountains.
 Falcuna dorotheae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo (North Kivu). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Crypsiphila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hypselodoris katherythros is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Chinese Crested Tern (Thalasseus bernsteini syn. Sterna bernsteini - see Bridge et al. 2005) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae closely related to Sandwich Tern T. sandvicensis and Lesser Crested Tern T. bengalensis. It is most similar to the former differing only in the bill pattern which is the reverse of the Sandwich Tern's being yellow with a black tip.
 Sisurcana clavus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream densely sprinkled and strigulated with brownish. The markings are brown. The hindwings are cream suffused grey posteriorly and with brown-grey strigulation.
 Eudonia rhombias is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu and Molokai.
 Eleutherodactylus alalocophus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Mesocolpia subcomosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 Cyana trigutta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Cameroon Niger and Sierra Leone.
 Dudua tetanota is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand and India.
 The Solomon's Naked-backed Fruit Bat (Dobsonia inermis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
 Phrixosceles literaria is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 Tipulamima malimba is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from the Republic of Congo and Gabon.
 Zodarion abantense is a spider species found in Greece.
 The Asian Rosy-Finch (Leucosticte arctoa) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in China Japan Kazakhstan North Korea South Korea Mongolia and Russia.Its natural habitats are tundra and temperate grassland.
 Mordellistena splendens is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Smith in 1882.
 Scanilepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Rhaetian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
 Pterolocera rubescens is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Hyperbaniana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudoeurycea unguidentis is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anastrangalia haldemani is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family that could be found in Canada United States and Mexico.
 Platyptilia claripicta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Seychelles.
 Polyplacapros tyleri is a species of deepwater boxfish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean where it is found near Australia New Zealand and the sea mounts of the Norfolk Ridge at a depth of around 132 metres (433 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Korean skate (Hongeo koreana) is a skate in the family Rajidae and is the sole member of its genus. It occurs along the coast of the southwestern Korean Peninsula.
 Acraea jodutta the Jodutta Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Sao Tome and Principe Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda Kenya and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Fleurya Urera Pouzolzia and Boehmeria species.
 Nesiotrechus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Nesiotrechus convexiusculus (Ueno 1975) Nesiotrechus dahongensis Deuve 2005↑
 Ecsenius trilineatus known commonly as the Three-lined blenny in Australia and the White-spotted comb-tooth or the White-spotted combtooth blenny in Indonesia is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is a non-migoratory species of blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 3 centimetres.
 Munditia manawatawhia is a minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Liotiidae.
 Gorgonia flabellum also known as the Venus fan Venus sea fan common sea fan West Indian sea fan and purple gorgonian seafan is a species of sea fan a sessile colonial soft coral.
 Elophila minoralis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family that is found in Madagascar.
 The Chestnut-breasted Coronet (Boissonneaua matthewsii) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in humid montane Andean forests in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. It is generally easily recognized by its contrasting rufous underparts.
 Thyca hawaiiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Thyca.
 Nudaria fumidisca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam).
 The sage-grouse are the two species in the bird genus Centrocercus. They are the largest grouse from temperate North America. Adults have a long pointed tail and legs with feathers to the toes. Like in most Galliformes there is pronounced sexual dimorphism.
 Glyphipterix pharetropis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Australia including Victoria.
 Macrotrachelia nigronitens is a species of minute pirate bug or flower bug.
 The Krøyer's deep sea angler fish Ceratias holboelli is a seadevil of the family Ceratiidae found in all oceans at depths of 1000-2000 m (3300-6600 ft). Its length is 50–75 cm (20–28 in).The species' scientific epithet commemorates Carl Peter Holbøll - a Danish civil servant and early explorer of the fauna of Greenland. Several specimens have been found in the stomachs of sperm whales caught in the Azores and in the Antarctic.
 Fodinoidea formosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1984. It is found in Madagascar.
 The genus Sayornis is a small group of medium-sized insect-eating birds in the Tyrant flycatcher family Tyrranidae native to North and South America.They prefer semi-open or open areas. These birds wait on a perch and then catch insects in flight also sometimes picking them up from the ground.
 Gasterichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Villosa is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.
 The Olive-crowned Yellowthroat (Geothlypis semiflava) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Mordellistena blandula is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1945 by Liljeblad.
 The striped possum (Dactylopsila trivirgata) is a member of the Petauridae family one of the marsupial families. The species is black with three white stripes running head to tail and its head has white stripes that form a 'Y' shape. It is closely related to the Sugar Glider and is similar in appearance.
 The Furry Blue (Polyommatus dolus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Spain (from Huesca to Santander - Burgos) in France (Herault and from the Cevennes to the Maritime Alps) and Italy (Central Italy and Maritime Alps).Habitats are dry acid grassland dry calcareous grasslands and steppes and sclerophyllous scrub at 600-1800m.The butterfly flies from July to August.The larvae feed on Onobrychis viciifolia and Medicago species.
 Barbus magniatlantis is a doubtfully distinct ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is found only in Morocco. Its natural habitat is freshwater springs. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.The taxonomy and systematics of the Maghreb barbs are subject to considerable dispute. Some authors consider B. magniatlantis a distinct species while others include it in B. nasus.
 Cacotherapia flexilinealis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacotherapia. It was described by Dyar in 1905 and is known from Texas U.S.A.
 Angrobia simsoniana is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia. Note: All the species in this genus now appear to have been transferred to the genus Austropyrgus.
 Sympistis chorda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California. It was formerly known as Oncocnemis chorda but was transferred to the Sympistis genus in 2008.The wingspan is about 32 mm.
 Chrysoclystis perornata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Galápagos Petrel (Pterodroma phaeopygia) is a large long-winged gadfly petrel. The species was once known as the Dark-rumped Petrel although recent taxonomic changes have eliminated that name from current use.
 Myiodynastes is a bird genus in the family Tyrannidae. It contains the following species: Golden-bellied Flycatcher Myiodynastes hemichrysus Golden-crowned Flycatcher Myiodynastes chrysocephalus Baird's Flycatcher Myiodynastes bairdii Streaked Flycatcher Myiodynastes maculatus Sulphur-bellied Flycatcher Myiodynastes luteiventris
 Antiplanes antigone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pleurobranchus mamillatus is a species of sidegill slug a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Conus villepinii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mitra leforti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The elegant stubfoot toad (Atelopus elegans) known in Spanish as Rana Jambato del Pacífico is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in northwest Ecuador and on the island of Gorgona in Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dispar is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Elysius atrobrunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Venezuela.
 Dyspessa kabylaria is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Iran Israel Jordan Tunisia Algeria Egypt and Saudi Arabia.Adults have been recorded on wing from December to April in Israel.The larvae probably feed on Allium species.
 Afromelittia iridisquama is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from western Africa.
 The Laelapidae are a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata. The family is also referred to in the literature as Laelaptidae which may be the correct spelling.
 Pimplinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. Pimplinae are idiobiont ectoparasitoids of Holometabola often the pupae of Lepidoptera. Species of Tromatobia parasitize the egg sacs and adults of spiders There are 95 genera.Pimplinae are (very generally) sturdy black species with orange markings.The first tergite is box-like with the spiracle anterior to the middle.
 Pseudotaphoxenus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudotaphoxenus abnormalis Jedlicka 1961 Pseudotaphoxenus acutithorax Casale 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus afghanus Jedlicka 1961 Pseudotaphoxenus angusticollis Fischer von Waldheim 1823 Pseudotaphoxenus aralensis Kabak 2009 Pseudotaphoxenus basilewskyi Casale 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus benesi Casale & Sciaky 1999 Pseudotaphoxenus blumenthali Casale 1982 Pseudotaphoxenus brevipennis Semenov 1889 Pseudotaphoxenus brucei Andrewes 1930 Pseudotaphoxenus cavazzutii Casale & Sciaky 1999 Pseudotaphoxenus cavicollis Sciaky & Pavesi 1997 Pseudotaphoxenus chevrieri Fairmaire 1888 Pseudotaphoxenus chinensis Jedlicka 1953 Pseudotaphoxenus collaris Schaufuss 1865 Pseudotaphoxenus csikii Jedlicka 1953 Pseudotaphoxenus dauricus Fischer von Waldheim 1823 Pseudotaphoxenus dignus Vereschagina 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus dissors Semenov 1891 Pseudotaphoxenus dostali Casale 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus elegantulus Sciaky & Pavesi 1997 Pseudotaphoxenus fassatii Jedlicka 1952 Pseudotaphoxenus ferghanensis Vereschagina & Kabak 1996 Pseudotaphoxenus gansuensis Jedlicka 1953 Pseudotaphoxenus ghilarovi Vereschagina 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus giorgiofiorii Casale & Vereschagina 1986 Pseudotaphoxenus gracilicornis J. 
 Teraphis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Teraphis cavicola Moore 1977 Teraphis crenulata (Sloane 1923) Teraphis elongata Castelnau 1867 Teraphis helmsi (Sloane 1890) Teraphis melbournensis Castelnau 1867 Teraphis tasmanica (Sloane 1920)↑
 Conistra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. There are three subgenera Orrhodiella Dasycampa and Peperina.
 Cacotherapia unipuncta is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacotherapia. It was described by Dyar in 1913 and is known from North America including Pennsylvania Tennessee and North Carolina.
 The Large-toothed conger (Bathyuroconger vicinus also known as the Largetooth conger or simply the Eel) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Léon Vaillant in 1888 originally under the genus Uroconger.
 Oxycera dives the round-spotted major is a European species of soldier fly.
 Synodontis punctifer is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Ivory Coast where it occurs in the Nzo and Bandama Rivers. This species grows to a length of 26 centimetres (10 in) TL.
 The giant salmon carp (Aaptosyax grypus) also termed the Mekong giant salmon carp is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family and the single species in the monotypic genus Aaptosyax. It is endemic to the middle reaches of the Mekong River in northern Cambodia Laos and Thailand.
 The spectacled porpoise (Phocoena dioptrica) is a rarely seen member of the porpoise family. The species is readily distinguished from other porpoises by a characteristic dark ring around the eyes which gives the animals their name. This ring is commonly surrounded by a farther lighter ring.
 Monomorium effractor is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to India.
 Glyphipterix madagascariensis is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from Madagascar.The larvae feed on Kalanchoe species.
 Alitta virens (common names include sandworm and king ragworm; older scientific names including Nereis virens are still frequently used) is an annelid worm that burrows in wet sand and mud. It is classified as a polychaete in the family Nereididae .Sandworms make up a large part of the live sea-bait industry. To fulfill the needs of this industry some sandworms are commercially grown. Sandworming or the harvesting of sandworms from mudflats employs over 1000 people in Maine.
 Margarites argentatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.Margarites argentatus var. gigantea Leche 1878 is accepted as Margarites giganteus (Leche 1878)
 Mantidactylus webbi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Blob Sculpin (Psychrolutes phrictus) is a species of deep-sea fish of the Psychrolutidae family. It feeds mainly on crustaceans molluscs and sea urchins.It lives off the continental shelves in very deep water (839–2800 m) in the North Pacific ocean by the coasts of Japan the Bering Sea and California. When the female lays eggs the male guards them. Blob sculpin have spikes on their scales to protect them from enemies.[citation needed]
 Conus cancellatus common name the cancellate cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Izatha epiphanes is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is widespread throughout the North Island.The wingspan is 17–25 mm for males and 18.5–28 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late October to February.Larvae have been reared from dead wood of Pittosporum tenuifolium and Fuchsia excorticata and dead standing wood of a Coprosma species (probably Coprosma grandifolia).
 Turbonilla genilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Oegoconia deluccai is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on Malta and Gozo.
 Eochuangia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Stenoscaptia venusta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Queensland.
 Leucanopsis zacualpana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Mexico.
 Renotus deyrollei is a species of beetle in the family Noteridae the only species in the genus Renotus.
 The Greyish Piculet (Picumnus granadensis) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Kolopterna is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Oustalet's Tyrannulet (Phylloscartes oustaleti) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Heliothela wulfeniana is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Norway and Portugal.The wingspan is 16–19 mm.The larvae feed on Viola species including Viola tricolor and Viola arvensis.
 Pteroteinon capronnieri Capronnier’s Red-eye is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo western Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of deep forests.
 Dysschema terminata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1844. It is found in Brazil.
 Eupithecia viperea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Eristalinus taeniops is a species of hoverfly also known as the band-eyed drone fly.
 Zodarion barbarae is a spider species found in Greece.
 Euamyia chryselytria is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Euamyia.
 The Cheritrini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae; they contain the imperials and allies. Their closest living relatives seem to be the Horagini; indeed the genus Ahmetia (formerly called Cowania) was in the past often placed there.
 Carabus galicianus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Spain and Portugal.
 Synodontis longispinis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Sangha River. This species grows to a length of 13.5 centimetres (5.3 in) TL.
 Heliopetes laviana the Laviana White-Skipper or Laviana Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Argentina through Central America and northern Mexico to southern Texas. Strays can be found in southern Arizona and central and northern Texas. The habitat consists of edges of brushy areas trails roadsides open woodland thorn forest and streamsides.The wingspan is 35-42 mm. The upperside of the males is white with dark markings along the outer wing margins.
 Pitar cordatus or the cordate venus clam is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae. It can be found throughout the Gulf of Mexico and the Florida Keys.
 Turbonilla duodecimlyrae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pheidole lanuginosa is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to India.
 Elachista crenatella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in South Australia near Adelaide and on Kangaroo Island.The wingspan is about 11 mm for males. The forewings are bluish grey. The hindwings are pale grey.The larvae feed on Lepidosperma viscidum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Young larvae mine upwards creating a straight and narrow initial stage of the mine. Later the mine slowly widens and turns downwards.
 Biliphyta is a grouping of plants.It includes Glaucophyta and Rhodophyta.Members of this group should not be confused with Picobiliphytes which are also known as biliphytes.
 Siphonaria diemenensis is a species of air-breathing sea snail or false limpet a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae the false limpets.
 Gymnobela pulchra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Pauraque (Nyctidromus albicollis) – also called the Common Pauraque to distinguish it from similar species – is a nightjar species the only bird in the genus Nyctidromus. It breeds in the subtropical and tropical of the New World and except for northernmost birds it is largely resident all year round.
 Apis cerana japonica is a subspecies of the Eastern honeybee native to Japan. It is commonly known as the Japanese honeybee (ニホンミツバチ Nihon mitsubachi). This subspecies was determined through an analysis of mitochondrial DNA to have originally come from the Korean peninsula. They have been observed moving into urban areas in the absence of natural predators.A.c. japonica is very resistant to the mite Varroa jacobsoni which is commonly found among A. cerana.
 Anaxita sophia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Alcithoe pseudolutea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Junin slender opossum (Marmosops juninensis) is a species of South American opossum in the family Didelphidae. It is known only from the valley of the Rio Chanchamayo Peru (a range that includes Junín Region) where it lives in Andean montane forests at elevations between 1460 and 2200 m. The species is threatened by destruction of its forest habitat as the area under cultivation in the region increases.
 Philiris lavendula is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in West Irian (Wandesi).The length of the forewings is about 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is matt purple with a white underside.
 Gisilia cardinata is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Enzeli (foaled 5 April 1995) is a retired Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion. He won Ascot Gold Cup in 1999.
 Dysschema fenestrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Mexico.
 Mordellistena lesbia is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 Coleophora seminella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia and Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Aster species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Leptocneria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae. The wings of the moth are generally dark brown in color with some variations containing a medley of dark and light hues.
 Renuka is a genus of beetles in the family Monotomidae containing the following species: Renuka madagascarensis Pal 2000 Renuka rita Sen Gupta 1988↑
 Stylaraea is a genus of marine stony corals in the family Poritidae. It is a monotypic genus and the only species is Stylaraea punctata. This coral is native to shallow tidal pools in tropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Thoropa saxatilis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dwykia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Scolizona ulnaformis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.The wingspan is 18-19 mm. The forewings are uniformly covered with brownish scales throughout. There is a pair of large blackish discal spots before the middle and at the end of the cell usually the middle one is larger. The hindwings are pale grey and slightly broader than the forewings.
 Coleophora sparsipuncta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Indiana.The larvae feed on the leaves of Aster species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Agonum crenistriatum is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the United States.
 Ephysteris subdiminutella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is a widely distributed species it is known from norther and southern Africa from Egypt to South Africa Australia Palestine India Pakistan and Afghanistan. It is also found in the Galapagos islands.Known hostplants of the larvae of this species include Balanitaceae	(Balanites aegyptiaca) Zygophyllaceae (Zygophyllum album) and Rhamnaceae (Zizyphus sp.).
 Pseudatemelia synchrozella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Jäckh in 1959. It is found in France Germany Switzerland Liechtenstein Austria Slovakia Slovenia and Italy.
 Trochaclis antarctica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ataphridae.
 Josiomorphoides gigantea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama and Colombia.
 The Indian glassy fish Parambassis ranga is a species of freshwater fish in the Asiatic glassfish family Ambassidae of order Perciformes. It is native to an area of South Asia from Pakistan to Malaysia.The Indian glassy fish has a striking transparent body revealing its bones and internal organs; the male develops a dark edge to the dorsal fin.
 The robin-chats are small insectivorous birds in the genera Cossyphicula and Cossypha.
 Astictopterus stellata the Spangled Sylph or Spangled Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zambia Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are on wing in August and again from January to April in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Asystasia species.
 Tetragonopterus is a genus of characins from South America. The six currently described species in this genus are: Tetragonopterus anostomus G. S. C. Silva & Benine 2011 Tetragonopterus araguaiensis G. S. C. Silva B. F. de Melo C. de Oliveira & Benine (in press) Tetragonopterus argenteus G. Cuvier 1816 Tetragonopterus carvalhoi B. F. de Melo Benine Mariguela & C. de Oliveira 2011 Tetragonopterus chalceus Spix & Agassiz 1829 Tetragonopterus denticulatus G. S. C. Silva B. F.
 Calyptraea inexpectata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 Nemophora ischnodesma is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1928. It is found in India and western Malaysia.
 Pagurus longicarpus the long-clawed hermit crab is a small (up to 1⁄2 in or 1.27 cm) common subtidal decapod ranging out to 150 ft (46 m) deep found living in shells from periwinkles oyster drills and eastern mud snails. It is found from Nova Scotia to Florida and Texas.
 The Intermediate Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros larvatus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Bangladesh Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Geographical LocationThe intermediate leaf-nosed bat (H.
 Hestiochora occidentalis is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is endemic to the temperate parts of Western Australia.The length of the forewings is 7.5-9 mm for males and 8.5-9 mm for females. It is a tropical species with possibly several generations per year.The biology is unknown but the species has been found on localities dominated by Eucalyptus calophylla Eucalyptus marginata and Eucalyptus rudis.
 The Convict cichlid (Amatitlania nigrofasciata) is a fish species from the family Cichlidae native to Central America also known as the zebra cichlid. Convict cichlids are popular aquarium fish and have also been the subject of numerous studies on fish behaviour.
 Hylaeamys oniscus also known as the Sowbug Rice Rat is a rodent species in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae. It was formerly placed in the genus Oryzomys as Oryzomys oniscus. It occurs only in northeastern Brazil. It is close to Hylaeamys laticeps which occurs further south in Brazil and the two have been considered to be the same species.
 Amalda jenneri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Paragorgopis clathrata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragorgopis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Diplotaxodon macrops is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Orthogonius yunnanensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2001.
 Epermenia ijimai is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is endemic to Hokkaido Japan.The length of the forewings is about 6.2 millimetres (0.24 in). The basal half of the forewings is whitish scattered with greyish and pale yellowish scales. The apical half of the wing has a brownish-orange patch. The hindwings are pale grey.
 Cotaena phlegyropa is a species of sedge moths in the genus Cotaena. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is found in Guyana and French Guiana.
 Symphlebia jalapa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1894. It is found in Mexico.
 One Cool Cat foaled on March 26 2001 in Kentucky is a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in England and Ireland. Bred by Winstar Farm he was purchased by Demi O'Byrne on behalf of Sue Magnier and Michael Tabor for $3.1-million at the 2002 Keeneland July yearling sale. Sired by Storm Cat and out of the Mr. Prospector mare Tacha he was trained at Ballydoyle by Aidan O'Brien.One Cool Cat lost on his debut start finishing 4th in a maiden race at the Curragh.
 Metadasylobus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Trochoidea gharlapsi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to the Mediterranean island of Malta.
 The White-ringed Meadowbrown (Hyponephele davendra) is a butterfly species belonging to the Nymphalidae family. It can be found from Iran to Afghanistan India and Pakistan the Himalayas Tibet and Middle Asia..The wingspan is 38-45 mm. Adults are on wing in multiple generations per year.
 Halysidota brasiliensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in south-eastern Brazil (Bahia São Paulo Parana Rio de Janeiro Rio Grande do Sul) and Paraguay.The larvae feed on Phrygilanthus acutifolius and Trema micrantha.
 Cymo melanodactylus the furry coral crab is a species of small decapod crustacean in the family Xanthidae. It is found in the Indo-Pacific Ocean and lives in crevices and on the surface of corals in the genus Acropora.
 Panaqolus maccus commonly called the clown panaque clown plecostomus clown pleco or ringlet pleco is a dwarf loricariid. By numbering systems such as the L-number system this fish may also be known as L104 L162 or LDA22.
 The Collared Warbling Finch (Poospiza hispaniolensis) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Ariusia is a genus of insect in the family Tarachodidae. It contains only one species: Ariusia conspersa.
 Conocrambus is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Conus dorotheae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Crocydoscelus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing one species Crocydoscelus ferrugineum which is known from the Republic of Congo and Nigeria.
 Turritella is a genus of medium-sized sea snails with an operculum marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turritellidae. They have tightly coiled shells whose overall shape is basically that of an elongated cone. The name Turritella comes from the Latin word turritus meaning turreted or towered and the diminutive suffix -ella.
 Probarbus is a genus of cyprinid fish found in Southeast Asia. There are currently three species in this genus.
 Kurtziella vincula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Lioclepta is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Batocera laena is a species of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily.
 The Zambezi Indigobird (Vidua codringtoni) also known as the Twinspot Indigobird or Green Indigobird is a species of bird in the Viduidae family. It is found in Malawi Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.It appears on Zambia's new 5 ngwee coin.
 The Marbled Fritillary (Brenthis daphne) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Moneilema opuntiae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fisher in 1928.
 Euptera kinugnana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania Malawi Mozambique and on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.Adults feed on flowers as well as fermented fruit. They are on wing from August to December and from April to May.The larvae feed on Bequaertiodendron natalense.
 Manduca albolineata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Ximacodes is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae. All species of this genus are only known from Madagascar but Ximacodes pyrosoma that is also found in Tanzania.
 Amnicola limosus common name the mud amnicola is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Pseudogonia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Asota comorana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Comores.
 Phenacobius the suckermouth minnows is a genus of cyprinid fishes endemic to the United States. There are currently five described species.
 Lyria solangeae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Steganomma porcatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Steganomma.
 Parides agavus is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Brazil Paraguay and north Argentina.The red anal spot of the hindwing very large Z-shaped. The abbreviated white band of the hindwing is somewhat variable. It is not uncommon even in gardens. Adults frequent flowers. It is not thought to be threatened. Parides agavus is ranched in Brazil.The larvae feed on Aristolochia triangularis and Aristolochia fimbriata.
 Iniostichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Euborellia is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India.Euborellia are small dark-colored earwigs.
 Calesia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Monopis obviella is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae) and therein to the nominate subfamily Tineinae. It is (under the invalid name Tinea ferruginella) the type species of Blabophanes today treated as a junior synonym of the genus Monopis. M. crocicapitella was only separated from the present species in 1859 and is still frequently confused with it even by rather recent sources.
 The Neanderthals or Neandertals (/niˈændərˌθɔːlz/ /niˈændərˌtɔːlz/ /niˈændərˌtɑːlz/ /neɪˈɑːndərˌtɑːlz/ or /niˈændərθəlz/) are an extinct species of human in the genus Homo possibly a subspecies of Homo sapiens. They are very closely related to modern humans differing in DNA by only 0.12%. Remains left by Neanderthals include bones and stone tools which are found in Eurasia from Western Europe to Central and Northern Asia.
 Holcocera paradoxa is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Arizona.The larvae feed on the seeds and pods of Yucca species including Yucca schottii.
 Exilisia flavicincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found on Madagascar.
 Siculifer is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Siculifer bilineatus which is found in India (Assam).
 Bathycongrus macrocercus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Alfred William Alcock in 1894 originally under the genus Congromuraena. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Andaman Islands in the eastern Indian Ocean.
 Eriastichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Symmetrodes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Apistoneura is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Heteropodagrion is a genus of damselflies in the family Muscidae.
 Stigmella stettinensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Lithuania Poland Czech Republic and Slovakia.It was considered a synonym of Stigmella minusculella but was raised to species status by A & Z Lastuvka in 2004.There are three generations per year in central Europe.The larvae feed on Pyrus communis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a gradually widening corridor.
 Hippotion geryon is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.It is similar to Hippotion osiris but is immediately distinguishable by the lack of pink coloration on the hindwing upperside and the single pair of black abdominal patches. The upperside of the antennae is conspicuously pink-scaled. The base of the abdomen has a single pair of large square black subdorsal patches.
 The floral wrasse Cheilinus chlorourus is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean from the coast of Africa to the Tuamotus and Marquesas. Its range extends as far north as the Ryukyus and south to New Caledonia. It is an inhabitant of reefs in lagoons or coastal waters at depths of from 1 to 30 m (3.3 to 98.4 ft). This species can reach 45 cm (18 in) in total length.
 Roesel's bush-cricket (Metrioptera roeseli) is a European bush-cricket named after August Johann Rösel von Rosenhof a German entomologist.
 The Black-billed Coucal or Lesser Black Coucal (Centropus bernsteini) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Thitarodes albipictus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by D.R. Yang in 1993 and is known from Yunnan China.
 Callophrys spinetorum the Thicket Hairstreak is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Hewitson in 1867. It is found from British Columbia through the Rocky Mountains to New Mexico and Mexico and through California to Baja California. The habitat consists of pinyon-juniper forests mixed woodlands and coniferous forests.The wingspan is 25-32 mm. The upperside is steel-blue and the underside reddish brown.
 Mixomelia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Argyresthia deletella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Texas.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are whitish yellow but darker on the costal and apical parts than below the fold and irregularly sprinkled with small indistinct brownish transverse streaks. On the middle of the dorsal edge is a poorly defined brown transverse marking crossing the light dorsal part and reaching beyond the fold. The hindwings are light ochreous grey.
 Asthenotricha tripogonias is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on La Réunion.
 Pseudozonaria nigropunctata common name the black-spotted cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The starry flounder (Platichthys stellatus) is a common flatfish found around the margins of the North Pacific.The distinctive features of the starry flounder include the combination of black and white-to-orange bar on the dorsal and anal fins as well as the skin covered with scales modified into tiny star-shaped plates or tubercles (thus both the common name and species epithet) resulting in a rough feel. The eyed side is black to dark brown while the lower side is white or cream-colored.
 Epinotia brunnichana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most western central and northern Europe east to the eastern Palaearctic ecozone and the Near East.The wingspan is 18–22 millimetres (0.7–0.9 in). Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location.The larvae roll the leaves of Betula Corylus and Salix species and feed inside.
 Rince Ri was a National Hunt racehorse. He was trained in Ireland by Ted Walsh and owned by Frank Moriarty.
 Peraclidae is a family of pelagic sea snails or sea butterflies marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cymbulioidea.This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family was originally called Procymbuliidae Tesch 1913 and then called Peraclididae by Wenz in 1938. The name Peraclidae takes precedence.Peracle is the type genus of the family Peraclidae.
 Glyphipterix bifasciella is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Amsel in 1959. It is found in Iraq.
 Asyprocessa wapi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from southern Laos in Southeast Asia.
 Amphibulima browni is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.This rare tropical land snail is endemic to the West Indian island of Dominica. The snail has been seen only very rarely since it was first discovered in the late 19th century and it may eventually be listed as an endangered species. The shell of this snail is oblong and thin but not fragile and it has a large aperture.
 Orthoptila abruptella is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The rock-haunting ringtail possum (Petropseudes dahli) also known as the rock ringtail possum is a species of Australian possum. It is found in rocky escarpments in the Kimberley Arnhem Land and Gulf of Carpentaria across Western Australia and Northern Territory and just passing the Queensland border. It is also found on Groote Eylandt.
 Stefania satelles (Spanish: Rana Stefania Del Aprada-tepuy) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are rivers and rocky areas.
 The Spot-naped Butterflyfish Chaetodon oxycephalus is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is found in the Indo- West Pacific region from Sri Lanka to Queensland north to Indonesia and the Philippines.It grows to a maximum of 25 cm (9.8 in) long. The body is white with thin vertical lines on the sides and a large black area in the upper back. Very similar to the Lined Butterflyfish (C.
 Leptodactylus pustulatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens urban areas and ponds.
 The White-throated Sierra Finch (Phrygilus erythronotus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Sassia petulans is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Cadlina pacifica is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Caimans are alligatorid crocodylians within the subfamily Caimaninae. Caimans inhabit Central and South America. They are relatively small crocodilians with most species reaching lengths of only a few meters although one species the black caiman can exceed 4 m (13 ft) in length.
 Thitarodes malaisei is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Bryk in 1946 and is known from Myanmar.
 Herchunda is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Scrub Tanager (Tangara vitriolina) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Ourapteryx variolaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Tolypeutinae is a subfamily of armadillo in the Dasypodidae family. It contains the following three extant genera:†KuntinaruCabassousPriodontesTolypeutes↑ ↑ ↑
 The Southern Antpipit (Corythopis delalandi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers. It is one of two species in the genus Corythopis. It is found in southern Brazil and the pantanal of Paraguay Bolivia and Brazil; also extreme north-eastern Argentina. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Paratisiphone is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
 Glebocarcinus is a genus of crabs formerly included in the genus Cancer containing two species:Glebocarcinus oregonensis (Dana 1852)Glebocarcinus amphioetus (Rathbun 1898)↑ 1.0 1.1
 The Ruddy Duck (Oxyura jamaicensis) is a duck from North America and the Andes Mountains of South America one of the stiff-tailed ducks.
 Cantharus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.This genus is placed in family Fasciolariidae by some authors.
 Bibio march flies or St. Mark's flies is a genus of flies (Diptera).
 Morelia is a genus of large snakes in the Pythonidae family. They are found in Indonesia New Guinea and throughout Australia. Currently 8 species are recognized.In general these snakes are arboreal to semi-arboreal spending much of their life in the forest canopy. Although there are exceptions most attain adult lengths of 2–3 m (5–8 feet).
 Lyonetia photina is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Australia.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Gymnothorax serratidens is a moray eel found in the southeast Pacific ocean around Peru. It was first named by Hildebrand and Barton in 1949.
 Xenotilapia burtoni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from areas with sandy substrates in Burton Bay. This species can reach a length of 17.7 centimetres (7.0 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Harita is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Madecathymia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bucculatrix brunnescens is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Maine and South Dakota.The wingspan is 6.5 mm. The forewings are whitish with a slight ocherous tinge and dusted with scattered brownish ocherous scales. The hindwings are pale greyish faintly ocherous tinged. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
 Conus mappa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.There are two recognized subspecies: Conus mappa granarius Kiener 1845. Conus mappa trinitarius Hwass in Bruguière 1792.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Praeacedes atomosella is a moth of the Tineidae family and only species in the Praeacedes genus. It has a wide range and has been recorded from Europe (the Canary Islands Cyprus and Malta) Australia Hawaii South America and North America. The species has commonly been misidentified in various parts of the world.The larvae feed on a variety of dead material such as clothes debris and pigeon dung. The larvae create brown larval cases.
 The Karoo Daisy Copper (Chrysoritis chrysantas) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the North Cape to the West Cape.The wingspan is 22-25 mm for males and 27-30 mm for females. Adults are on wing from August to November and from March to May. There are two generations per year.
 Eucereon aeolum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.
 Bebearia denticula is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 The Whitaker's Shrew (Crocidura whitakeri) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Algeria Morocco Tunisia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rocky shores and sandy shores.
 Batagurinae is a subfamily of turtles. The following genera are placed here:
 Tethyidae is a family of demosponges belonging to the order Hadromerida.
 Metzgeria gagei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Histura xanthotypa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Pseudatteria heliocausta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia. The form baccheutis is found in Costa Rica.
 Onagrodes barbarula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on New Ireland.The wingspan is about 24 mm.
 Mordellistena zosijniensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1969.
 Batrachedra ditrota is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Odostomia gracilientis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Also known as Black Ground Skink Black-spotted Smooth Skink Scincella melanosticta is a species of skink in the genus of Scincella. It is found in Myanmar Thailand Vietnam Cambodia possibly also in Laos.
 Mestolaemus fallax is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae the only species in the genus Mestolaemus.
 Onchocerca is a genus of roundworm. It contains one human parasite - Onchocerca volvulus - which is responsible for the neglected disease Onchocerciasis also known as River Blindness because the infected humans tend to live near rivers where host black flies live. Over 40 million people are infected in Africa Central America and South America.
 Gemmula alwyni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Euryprosopus clavipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Euryprosopus.
 Mangelia serga is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Malabar Banded Swallowtail (Papilio liomedon) is a beautiful member of the Swallowtail family found in southern India. Earlier considered a subspecies of the Banded Swallowtail (Papilio demolion) of South-east Asia but now considered a distinct species.
 Prestonella bowkeri is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Bothriembryontidae.It was previously classified within Prestonellidae. cf.Prestonella bowkeri is the type species of the genus Prestonella.
 Glyphoturris is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
 Chrysomus is a genus of bird in the Icteridae family. It contains the following species: Yellow-hooded Blackbird (Chrysomus icterocephalus) Chestnut-capped Blackbird (Chrysomus ruficapillus)
 Euriphene epe is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in western Nigeria. The habitat consists of rainforests.
 Copelatus scutatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Pionycha is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pionycha maculata (Gory 1833) Pionycha pallens Lucas 1857 Pionycha tristis (Gory 1833)↑
 The Tasmanian tree frog (Litoria burrowsae) is a species of tree frog that is found on the west coast of Tasmania Australia. The name king tree frog is also used for the species.
 Euselasiinae is a subfamily of Riodinidae.The species are confined to the Neotropical ecozone.
 The Zanzibar Leopard (Panthera pardus adersi) is an elusive and possibly extinct subspecies of leopard endemic to Unguja Island in the Zanzibar archipelago part of Tanzania. Increasing conflict between people and leopards in the 20th century led to their demonization and determined attempts to exterminate them. Efforts to develop a leopard conservation program in the mid-1990s were shelved when wildlife researchers concluded that there was little prospect for the animal's long-term survival.
 Elachista spinigera is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.The length of the forewings is about 3.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white with three brown spots. The hindwings are brownish. Adults have been recorded in August.
 Volva is a genus of sea snails specifically cowry allies or ovulids marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ovulidae.
 Agassizia excentrica is a species of sea urchin of the family Prenasteridae. The species was first scientifically described in 1869 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
 Lissomma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Desert War was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse gelding that won six Group one (G1) races including the Epsom Handicap (twice) Chipping Norton Stakes LKS Mackinnon Stakes AJC Queen Elizabeth Stakes and Ranvet Stakes.He is a big brown gelding weighing over 600 kg that has a star and a white sock on his near (left) hind leg. He was sired by Desert King who won the Irish Derby Stakes and Irish 2000 Guineas and was the sire of 13 stakeswinners with 34 stakeswins including Makybe Diva (GB).
 Pseudoeurycea melanomolga is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The deccan white carp (Cirrhinus fulungee) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cirrhinus.
 Garudinia biplagiata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Bhutan.
 The Buttonbush Owlet (Ledaea perditalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Great Lakes States Quebec and northern New England south to Florida and Texas.The wingspan is 23–26 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August in the south and from May to August in the north. There are one to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Cephalanthus species and Scirpus cyperinus.
 Prays endocarpa is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family.
 Parahorismenus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Peckoltia brevis is a small species of Peckoltia belonging to the Loricariidae family of catfish. Peckoltia brevis possesses the L-number L205.
 The Dwarf Tegu or Spotted False Monitor (Callopistes maculatus) is a species of lizard in the Teiidae family. It is endemic to Chile with emphasis on occurrence in the Chilean matorral ecoregion according to Hogan and World Wildlife Fund.
 Donuca spectabilis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of mainland Australia.The wingspan is about 50 mm. The larvae feed on Acacia saligna.
 Lezina is a cricket genus and the sole genus in the subfamily Lezininae.
 Ortalis prompta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Cyclophora castraria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Ichneumonidae are a family within the order Hymenoptera. Insects in this family are commonly called ichneumon wasps. Less exact terms are ichneumon flies (they are not closely related to true flies) or scorpion wasps due to the extreme lengthening and curving of the abdomen (scorpions are arachnids).
 Leptotyphlops septemstriatus or the Seven-striped blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Acronicta jozana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Korean Peninsula China Japan (Hokkaido Honshu) and the Russian Far East (Primorye southern Khabarovsk southern Amur region)
 Chaetocladius is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 Phygopoides is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Phygopoides pradosiae Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2003 Phygopoides talisiaphila Penaherrera-Leiva & Tavakilian 2003↑
 Zesticelus is a genus of sculpins native to the North Pacific Ocean.
 Hypsoblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans.
 The Euomphalina comprise a major suborder of mainly Paleozoic archaeogastropods shells of which are hyperstophic to depressed orthstrophic commonly with an angulation at the outer upper whorl surface thought to be coincident with the exhalent channel; shell wall thick outer layer calcitic inner layers aragonitic but not nacreous; operculum calcareous and heavy.
 Miccotrogia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Dark-backed Weaver (Ploceus bicolor) also known as the Forest Weaver is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Kenya Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Rwanda Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Demodex injai is a hair follicle mite in the domestic dog.
 Polypoetes villia is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.The larvae feed on Malvaviscus arboreus and Malvaviscus palmanus.
 Medeus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Alcathousites is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Alcathousites asperipennis (Fairmaire & Germain 1859) Alcathousites senticosus Monné & Martins 1976 Alcathousites superstes (Erichson 1847)↑
 Dontolobus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dontolobus mirei Basilewsky 1970 Dontolobus pallidus (Burgeon 1937) Dontolobus schatlebeni (Basilewsky 1942) Dontolobus setosanalis Basilewsky 1970↑
 The Blonde Glider or Coast Glider (Cymothoe coranus) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from South Africa to Zimbabwe Kenya Malawi and Tanzania.The wingspan is 50-60 mm for males and 60-68 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round but mainly from February to April. Peaks occur from October to December.The larvae feed on Rawsonia lucida.
 The Amazon climbing salamander (Bolitoglossa palmata) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sorocaba is a genus of moths of the Phiditiidae family.
 Bedotia albomarginata is a species of Madagascar rainbowfish from the Mananara and Sahapindra river basins in Madagascar. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Loricarioidea is a superfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes). It contains the six families Trichomycteridae Nematogenyiidae Callichthyidae Scoloplacidae Astroblepidae and Loricariidae. Some schemes also include Amphiliidae. This superfamily including Amphiliidae includes about 156 genera and 1187 species.
 The Chinese red-headed centipede also known as the Chinese red head (Scolopendra subspinipes mutilans) is a centipede from East Asia and Australasia. It averages 20 cm (8 inches) in length and lives in damp environments.In ancient Chinese traditions this centipede is used for its healing properties.
 The Common Fivering Ypthima baldus is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in Asia.
 Mystogenes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Antyx is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Achatinella vulpina is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii.
 The term wasp is typically defined as any insect of the order Hymenoptera and suborder Apocrita that is neither a bee nor an ant. Almost every pest insect species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it making wasps critically important in natural control of their numbers or natural biocontrol. Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops.
 The Four-striped Lipinia (Lipinia quadrivittata) is a species of skink.
 Iolaus adorabilis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 The Nightingale Island Finch (Nesospiza questi) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family (formerly in Emberizidae). It is endemic to Nightingale Island of the Tristan da Cunha archipelago.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and subantarctic grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The moonfish of the genus Mene the sole extant genus of the family Menidae are disk-shaped fish which bear a vague resemblance to gourami thanks to their thread-like pelvic fins. Today the genus is represented only by Mene maculata of the Indo-Pacific where it is a popular food fish especially in the Philippines where it is known as bilong-bilong.As a genus Mene has a long fossil history with species found in marine sediments throughout the Cenozoic Era.
 Hydrelia undulosata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Grammopelta is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Seabraia sanguinicollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Zajciw in 1958.
 Terpnomyia bicolor is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Terpnomyia of the family Tephritidae.
 Labeo fulakariensis is fish in genus Labeo.
 Intelcystiscus rancholunensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Notovoluta verconis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Acronicta strigulata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is about 35 mm.
 Bryotropha azovica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Bulgaria Greece the Republic of Macedonia Cyprus Turkey and Ukraine.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. The forewings are ochreous brown to dark brown with a slight orange tinge. The hindwings are pale ochreous brown at the base but substantially darker towards the apex. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July and again from late September to early October.
 Hypangitia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Echidna peli is a moray eel found in the eastern Atlantic ocean. It was first named by Johann Jakob Kaup in 1856 and is commonly known as the Pebbletooth moray.
 The Variable Antepione (Antepione thisoaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family.
 Westraltrachia inopinata is a species of air-breathing land snails a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.This species is endemic to Australia.
 Bamboo coral family Isididae is a family of mostly deep-sea coral of the phylum Cnidaria class Anthozoa and subclass Octocorallia. It is a commonly recognized inhabitant of the deep sea due to the clearly articulated skeletons of the species. Deep water coral species such as this are especially affected by the practice of bottom trawling.
 Ocepesuchus (meaning Ocepe crocodile in reference to the OCP or Office Chérifien des Phosphates a phosphate-mining company that participated in the excavation of the specimen) is an extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian related to modern gharials. It lived in the Late Cretaceous of Morocco. Described by Jouve and colleagues in 2008 the type species is O. eoafricanus with the specific name meaning dawn African in reference to its great age relative to other African crocodilians.
 Southey’s Widow (Tarsocera southeyae) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa on medium altitudes from Calvina in the northern Cape to Willowmore and Jansenville in the eastern Cape.The wingspan is 42-52 mm for males and 50-57 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to November (with a peak in October). There is one generation per yearThe larvae probably feed on various Poaceae species.
 Albara reversaria is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in Sumatra Borneo Peninsular Malaysia the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya and Taiwan.The larvae feed on Myrica species as well as the leaves of Quercus variabilis. Mature larvae fix their body to the base of a leaf with silk and curve the leaf margins where pupation takes place.
 Siccia dudai is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Ivinskis and Saldaitis in 2008. It is found in Oman.
 Eugoa khmera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Cambodia.
 The brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis) sometimes called the eastern brook trout is a species of fish in the salmon family of order Salmoniformes. It is native to Eastern North America in the United States and Canada. In many parts of its range it is known as the speckled trout or squaretail. A potamodromous population in Lake Superior is known as coaster trout or simply as coasters.
 Pebobs aitne is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Belize and Costa Rica.Adults have been recorded in April and July indicating more than one generation.
 Craugastor jota is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The damba (Paretroplus damii) is a species of cichlid from several river basins in northwestern Madagascar. This includes populations in far northern Madagascar that some have speculated represented an undescribed species but a comparison of specimens did not support this instead maintaining them as part of P. damii. In contrast populations in the Mahanara River in northeastern Madagascar were formerly also included in P. damii but these were described as a separate species P.
 Nomenia obsoleta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western North America from British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to California.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Zenatia acinaces is a species of moderately large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.
 Argyroeides placida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Ecuador.
 Pronocera collaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pronocera.
 The Southern Hayworm Moth (Hypsopygia nostralis) is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Guenée in 1854. It has a wide distribution and is found in most of South America Saint Helena Puerto Rico and in the southern United States from Texas to Florida.
 Trogulus tricarinatus is a species of harvestman. It is found in Europe and North America.T. tricarinatus grows to between 7 and 9mm in both sexes. The second pair of legs grow to 8mm. The body is flattened and narrow. The legs are short and robust with the front two pairs having two segments and the back two three. Immature specimens are violet in colour.
 The Yellow Spragueia (Spragueia apicalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is also found in North America (including Alabama Florida Georgia Illinois Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Mississippi Missouri North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee and Texas) Central America (including El Salvador and Costa Rica) Cuba and Peru.The wingspan is about 16 mm for females and 17 mm for males. Adults are sexually dimorphic.
 Schistophleps fulvia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found on Java and Bali.
 Leptotyphlops rubrolineatus or the Red-lined blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Cochylimorpha tiraculana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in France Italy and Switzerland.The wingspan is 14-18 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from July to August.
 Farlowella altocorpus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Bolivia where it occurs in the Coroico River This species grows to a length of 17.0 centimetres (6.7 in) SL.
 Zachrysia provisoria is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae[citation needed] or Pleurodontidae.[citation needed]
 Hypolycaena naara is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kisangani).
 Babylonia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Babyloniidae.
 The Melanesian Flycatcher (Myiagra caledonica) is a species of bird in the monarch-flycatcher family Monarchidae. The species is sometimes known as the New Caledonian Flycatcher. The species is found in New Caledonia Vanuatu and Rennell Island in the Solomon Islands. The species is closely related to a number of species found from Australia to Samoa.
 Clytra aliena is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae that is native to Turkey.
 Macqueenia was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Thalaina.
 Thera is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae.
 The South Polar Skua (Stercorarius maccormicki) is a large seabird in the skua family Stercorariidae. An older name for the bird is MacCormick’s Skua after explorer and naval surgeon Robert McCormick who first collected the type specimen. This species and the other large southern hemisphere skuas together with Great Skua are sometimes placed in a separate genus Catharacta.
 Mellea ordinaria is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in Australia (including Queensland) and New Guinea.Adults are brown with several wavy paler and darker bands across the wings.
 Eutretosoma is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 The Danube Clouded Yellow (Colias myrmidone) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found from Western Asia through Southern Russia Ukraine Romania Hungary up to Austria and the Jura mountains near Regensburg in Germany.The wingspan is 44–50 mm. The butterfly flies in May and again from July to August in two generations.The larvae feed on Chamaecytisus ratisbonensis Chamaecytisus ruthenicus and Chamaecytisus supinus.
 Xenocalamus mechowii or the elongate quill-snouted snake is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae. It is endemic to Africa.
 The Clouded Underwing (Catocala nebulosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Ontario south through Tennessee to Florida west to Texas and eastern Oklahoma and north to Iowa Michigan Wisconsin and Minnesota.The wingspan is 75–86 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Carya cordiformis and Juglans nigra.
 Phyllonorycter monspessulanella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Germany France Italy Croatia and Portugal.The larvae feed on Acer campestre and Acer monspessulanum species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine.
 Anopina durangoensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Durango).
 Ischiopsopha are beetles from the subfamily Cetoniinae tribe Schizorhinini. The genus was created by Raffaello Gestro in 1874. The type species of the genus is Cetonia bifasciata Quoy & Gaimard 1824. These cetoniids have the tip of the scutellum visible. The genus is spread throughout the whole Australian region.
 Diodora arcuata common name the arcuate limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Euphaedra alacris is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Cameroon to the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Uganda and western Tanzania. The habitat consists of dense forests.The larvae possibly feed on Sapindaceae species.
 Flabby whalefish are small deep-sea cetomimiform fish of the family Cetomimidae. They are among the most deep-living fish known with some species recorded at depths in excess of 3500 m (11500 ft). Juveniles are known as tapetails and were formerly thought to be in a separate family dubbed Mirapinnidae.
 Schwartziella similiter is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Melanella aciculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 The brown tang twotone or brush-tail tang (Zebrasoma scopas) is a marine reef tang in the fish family Acanthuridae. The brown tang is found throughout Oceania and is a herbivorous fish feeding predominantly on filamentous algae. It is a highly popular fish in the aquarium trade.
 The Chinese Pond Heron (Ardeola bacchus) is an East Asian freshwater bird of the heron family (Ardeidae).It is one of six species of birds known as pond herons (genus Ardeola). It is parapatric (or nearly so) with the Indian Pond Heron (A. grayii) to the west and the Javan Pond Heron (A. speciosa) to the south and these three are presumed to form a superspecies. As a group they are variously affiliated with the Squacco Heron (A. ralloides) or the Madagascar Pond Heron (A. idae).
 Desert Orchid (11 April 1979 – 13 November 2006) known as Dessie was an English racehorse. The grey achieved iconic status within National Hunt racing where he was much loved by supporters for his front-running attacking style iron will and extreme versatility. He was rated the fifth best National Hunt horse of all time by Timeform.
 Ectasjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Parajapygidae.
 Tibia curta is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs. This species occurs in southern India.
 Mulona manni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Bahamas.
 The Andaman Scops Owl (Otus balli) is an owl endemic to the Andaman Islands. The species name is after Valentine Ball.
 Thalatta is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family. The species of this genus are from in India South-east Asia and in Sundaland.
 The Crossthroat sawpalate (Serrivomer jesperseni) is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels). It was described by Marie-Louise Bauchot in 1953. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western and eastern Pacific Ocean including Papua New Guinea British Columbia Canada; the Gulf of Panama and Chile. It dwells at a maximum depth of 825 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 40.6 centimetres.The species epithet jesperseni refers to P.
 Chauvetia luciacuestae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Taenaris urania is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Asia.
 Porcellio flavocinctus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found on islands like Crete Cyclades Cyprus Dodecanese Malta North Aegean and Sicily. It can also be found in such western European countries as Portugal and Spain.
 Diphucrania is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Diphucrania aberrans (Barker 2001) Diphucrania acuducta (Kirby 1837) Diphucrania adusta (Barker 2001) Diphucrania aenea (Barker 2007) Diphucrania aenigma (Barker 2007) Diphucrania aeruginosa (Barker 2007) Diphucrania albertisii (Gestro 1877) Diphucrania albosparsa (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania aquilonia (Bellamy 1991) Diphucrania armstrongi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania augustgoerlingi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania aurocyanea (Carter 1934) Diphucrania bedfordi (Obenberger 1935) Diphucrania bilyi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania borealis (Barker 2007) Diphucrania brooksi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania broomensis (Barker 2001) Diphucrania browni (Carter 1934) Diphucrania carterellus (Obenberger 1934) Diphucrania carteri (Obenberger 1924) Diphucrania chalcophora (Barker 2001) Diphucrania chlorata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania clermonti (Théry 1945) Diphucrania corpulenta (Barker 2001) Diphucrania cupreata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania cupreicollis (Hope 1846) Diphucrania cupreola (Barker 2001) Diphucrania cupripennis (Guérin-Méneville 1830) Diphucrania cyanea (Barker 2001) Diphucrania cyaneopyga (Carter 1923) Diphucrania cyanura (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania derbyensis (Barker 2001) Diphucrania duodecimmaculata (Fabricius 1801) Diphucrania elliptica (Carter 1923) Diphucrania elongatula (Blackburn 1888) Diphucrania ernestadamsi (Barker 1999) Diphucrania erythrocephala (Barker 2007) Diphucrania excelsior (Barker 2001) Diphucrania fascigera (Obenberger 1919) Diphucrania fraternus (Kerremans 1900) Diphucrania fritilla (Barker 2007) Diphucrania frontalis (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania fulgidicollis (Macleay 1888) Diphucrania furfurosa (Barker 2007) Diphucrania gibbera (Carter 1937) Diphucrania goldingi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania gouldii (Hope 1846) Diphucrania guttata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania heroni (Carter 1934) Diphucrania impressicollis (Macleay 1872) Diphucrania inops (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania kohouti (Barker 2001) Diphucrania laticollis (Carter 1923) Diphucrania leai (Barker 2007) Diphucrania leucosticta (Kirby 1818) Diphucrania macmillani (Barker 2001) Diphucrania macqueeni (Barker 2001) Diphucrania maculata (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania marmorata (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania minuta (Barker 2007) Diphucrania minutissima (Thomson 1879) Diphucrania miyama (Barker 2007) Diphucrania modesta (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania montana (Barker 2007) Diphucrania myallae (Carter 1934) Diphucrania nigripennis (Macleay 1888) Diphucrania nigrita (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania nigromaculata (Kerremans 1895) Diphucrania nitidiventris (Carter 1934) Diphucrania niveosparsa (Carter 1927) Diphucrania notulata (Germar 1848) Diphucrania nubeculosa (Germar 1848) Diphucrania oblonga (Kerremans 1903) Diphucrania obscura (Blackburn 1887) Diphucrania opima (Thomson 1879) Diphucrania ovalis (Carter 1923) Diphucrania parva (Blackburn 1887) Diphucrania patricia (Carter 1935) Diphucrania pauperula (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania prasina (Carter 1923) Diphucrania puella (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania pulchella (Carter 1923) Diphucrania pulleni (Barker 2001) Diphucrania regalis (Thomson 1879) Diphucrania robertfisheri (Barker 1999) Diphucrania roseocuprea (Hope 1846) Diphucrania rubicunda (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania rubricata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania rubriceps (Barker 2007) Diphucrania scabiosa (Boisduval 1835) Diphucrania scabrosula (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania semiobscura (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania sexnotata (Fauvel 1891) Diphucrania speciosa (Barker 2001) Diphucrania stellata (Barker 2001) Diphucrania stigmata Gory & Laport 1839 Diphucrania storeyi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania subbifascialis (Carter 1927) Diphucrania suehasenpuschae (Barker 2007) Diphucrania tasmanica (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania trimentula (Barker 2001) Diphucrania tyleri (Barker 2007) Diphucrania tyrrhena (Carter 1923) Diphucrania ustulata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania vicina (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania violacea (Kerremans 1903) Diphucrania viridiceps (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania viridipurpurea (Carter 1924) Diphucrania wagneri (Barker 2007) Diphucrania watkinsi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania westwoodii (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania williamsi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania wilsonensis (Barker 2007)↑
 Cephalotes angustus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Caeneressa robusta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1976. It is found on Borneo.
 Coleophora acutipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.
 Cycloponympha julia is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Hylomantis danieli is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anisoceratidae is an extinct family of heteromorph ammonites which belong to the Ancyloceratina superfamily Turrilitaceae. Their range is from the lower Albian to the upper Turonian. The family is possibly derived from a member of the Hamitidae.Anisoceratid shells begin as an irregular helical spiral which typically becomes confined to a single plane with growth. This is usually followed by at least a single straight shaft. Ribs and tubercles are common features.
 Eosimias was a genus of early primates first discovered and identified in 1999 from fossils collected in the Shanghuang fissure-fillings of the southern Jiangsu Province China. It is a part of the family Eosimiidae and includes three known species: Eosimias sinensis Eosimias centennicus and Eosimias dawsonae. It provides us with a glimpse of a primate skeleton similar to that of the common ancestor of the Haplorrhini (including all simians).
 Pterygia undulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Sinocyclocheilus guilinensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Pupilla bigranata is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
 Mesophleps unguella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Kenya.The wingspan is 11.5–15 mm. The forewings are pale ochre with several black spots along the termen.
 Eugnosta proanoa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 The blacksail snake mackerel Thyrsitoides marleyi known also as the Black snoek is a species of snake mackerel found throughout the Indo-Pacific and West Pacific at depths up to 400 metres (1300 ft) where they appear to prefer slopes on seamounts and ridges. They are known to make diel vertical migrations to the surface at night. This species reaches a length of 200 centimetres (79 in) TL though most do not exceed 100 centimetres (39 in) SL.
 Toxopneustes is a genus of sea urchins.
 Ceromitia indigna is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Snipe eels are a family Nemichthyidae of eels that consists of nine species in three genera. They are pelagic fishes found in every ocean mostly at depths of 300–600 m but sometimes as deep as 4000 m. Depending on the species adults may reach 1–2 m (30-60 inches) in length yet they weigh only 80-400 g (a few ounces to a pound). They are distinguished by their very slender jaws that separate toward the tips as the upper jaw curves upward.
 Heinroth's Shearwater (Puffinus heinrothi) is a poorly known seabird in the family Procellariidae. Probably a close relative of the Little Shearwater or Audubon's Shearwater (with which it is sometimes considered conspecific) it is distinguished by a long and slender bill and a brown-washed underside.This species is restricted to the seas around the Bismarck Archipelago and northern Solomon Islands.
 Manoba jinghongensis is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by T.Y. Shao C.D. Li and H.L. Han in 2009. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Cerithiopsis vinca is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Olsson and Harbison in 1953.
 Nsenene is the Luganda name for a long-horned grasshopper (more commonly called bush cricket or katydid) that is a central Ugandan delicacy as well as an important source of income. The insect is also eaten in neighbouring areas of Kenya Rwanda and Tanzania. Traditionally in Uganda nsenene were collected by children and women. They were given to the women’s husbands in return for a new gomasi (a traditional dress for women).
 Heliozela angulata is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Lee Hirowatari and Kuroko in 2006 and is endemic to Japan (Honshu).The length of the forewings is 2.7–3.4 millimetres (0.11–0.13 in). The forewings are pale greyish ochreous with brassy reflections. The hindwings are dark grey with metallic reflections.
 Strictispira coltrorum is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.
 Notiophilus aquaticus is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic and the Nearctic. In Europe it is found in Andorra Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Great Britain including the Isle of Man Bulgaria Croatia the Czech Republic mainland Denmark Estonia the Faroe Islands Finland mainland France Germany Iceland the Republic of Ireland.
 Florinda coccinea is a species of web-building spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae. It is sometimes known as the black-tailed red sheetweaver or the red grass spider. This species is common in the southeastern United States inhabiting grasslands lawns and agricultural fields
 Ihering's Atlantic Spiny-rat Trinomys iheringi is a spiny rat species from South America. It is endemic to Brazil and was named in honor of Hermann von Ihering.
 The echidna flea (Bradiopsylla echidnae) is thought to be the world's largest flea and it parasitises the short-beaked echidna. It reaches 4 millimetres in length.
 Acrolophus ectenes is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 The Scarce Pug (Eupithecia extensaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae.It is found in the British Isles (rare & confined to eastern saltmarshes) Spain and eastern Europe.The wingspan is 21–25 mm.The moth flies in May and June.The larvae feed on sea wormwood (Artemisia maritima).
 Cloacaspis is an extinct genus of Olenid Ptychopariid trilobite. It lived during the early part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period a faunal stage which lasted from approximately 478 to 471 million years ago. Richard Fortey has proposed that these particular trilobites lived in anoxic regions of the ocean floor and cultivated symbiotic sulfur-metabolizing bacteria.
 The Iraq Babbler (Turdoides altirostris) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Iraq and south western Iran.
 Salim Ali's fruit bat (Latidens salimalii) is a rare megabat species in the monotypic genus Latidens.It was first collected by Angus Hutton a planter and naturalist in the High Wavy Mountains in the western ghats of Theni district Tamilnadu in South India in 1948.It was originally misidentified as a short-nosed fruit bat (Cynopterus) but later identified by Kitti Thonglongya as a new species and was named after Indian ornithologist Salim Ali in 1972.This bat is listed as Endangered by the IUCN.
 Coleophora gaviaepennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from the southern part of the Western Palaearctic ecozone to Mongolia.Adults are on wing in August.The larvae feed on Atriplex tatarica and Atriplex tornabenii. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Conchaspididae is a small and relatively unstudied family of scale insects.
 The Tepui Antpitta or Brown-breasted Antpitta (Myrmothera simplex) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family.It is found in Brazil Guyana and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Philippine Bush Warbler (Horornis seebohmi) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.It is found only in the Philippines.
 Acleris bergmanniana the Yellow Rose Button Moth is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from most of Europe to the eastern Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. The forewings are marked with metallic blue-grey striations edged with rufous. There are also two small raised tufts of black scales. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on the leaves and shoots of rose Rosa species (Rosa canina) as well as Rhamnus catharctica.
 Gynoeryx integer is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Caribbean ocellated moray Gymnothorax ocellatus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean. It was first named by Louis Agassiz in 1831 and is commonly known as the Caribbean ocellated moray Blackedge moray Conger Ocellated moray Spotted moray Sawtooth moray White-spotted moray or the Yellow Cong.
 Tin Cup Chalice (foaled in the state of New York on April 3 2005; died April 17 2009) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who in 2008 became the first New York-bred to win New York’s “OTB Big Apple Triple of Racing: the Mike Lee Handicap the New York Derby and the Albany Stakes.
 Holcocera ianuae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Ichthyomys is a genus of semiaquatic rodents in the family Cricetidae.It contains the following species: Crab-eating rat (Ichthyomys hydrobates) Pittier's crab-eating rat (Ichthyomys pittieri) Stolzmann's crab-eating rat (Ichthyomys stolzmanni) Tweedy's crab-eating rat (Ichthyomys tweedii)Members of the genus tend to be nocturnal and live along fast-flowing streams where they feed on freshwater invertebrates such as crabs.
 Millet's leopoldamys (Leopoldamys milleti) is a species of rodent from the family Muridae. It lives in the Langbian highlands of southern Vietnam although it distribution limits are currently unresolved. It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List and though only a handful of museum specimens signify its existence it is presumed to have a high stable population. There are no apparent major threats to the species and it occurs in a number of protected Vietnamese areas.
 The Vanuatu Megapode or Vanuatu Scrubfowl (Megapodius layardi) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family. It was formerly known as the New Hebrides Scrubfowl.It is found only in Vanuatu.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss and egg collecting.
 Zachaenus carvalhoi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acraea mirifica is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola northern Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lualaba). The habitat consists of marshy areas.
 Baliochila singularis Lannin’s Buff is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Botswana and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of bushveld and Brachystegia woodland.There are two distinct seasonal forms. The wet-season form (f. martyni) and the dry-season form. Adults have been recorded near a Heteropyxis natalensis tree where they were imbibing the secretions of membracids that were feeding on the tree.The larvae feed on algae (Cyanophyta) growing on trees.
 Trochomorpha nigritella is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Trochomorphidae.This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Gymnosoma fuliginosum is a Nearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Cycnia niveola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1919. It is found in Ecuador.
 Amphicutis is a genus of brittle stars of the family Amphilepidae. It contains the following species:Amphicutis stygobita↑
 Mylossoma is a genus of serrasalmids from tropical South America with these recognized species: Mylossoma acanthogaster (Valenciennes 1850) Mylossoma aureum (Spix & Agassiz 1829) Mylossoma duriventre (G. Cuvier 1818)↑
 The Red-nosed Mouse Wiedomys pyrrhorhinos is an arboreal rodent species from South America. It is found in caatinga and cerrado habitat in eastern Brazil.
 Anisogammaridae is a family of small benthic amphipods endemic to the northern part of the Pacific rim. The family contains the following genera:
 Teulisna macropallida is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of upper montane forests.The length of the forewings is about 16 mm for males and 15-16 mm for females.
 Gemmula diomedea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The African linsangs also known as Oyans are two species classified in the mammalian subfamily Viverrinae in the family Viverridae. There is one genus Poiana.Both linsang genera (Poiana and the Asian Prionodon) were formerly placed in the subfamily Viverrinae (of Viverridae) along with several other genera but recent research suggests that their actual relationships may be somewhat different.
 The Galápagos Shearwater (Puffinus subalaris) is a small shearwater.
 Rhoptria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Erpetocephalus is an extinct genus of dendrerpetontid temnospondyl.
 The Two-Spot Dart (Eueretagrotis perattentus) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from coast to coast across central and southern Canada and in the northern United States south along the Appalachians to western North Carolina and Tennessee. There are a few scattered records along the Rocky Mountains from south-western Montana to south-eastern Arizona.The wingspan is about 32 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.Larvae have been reared on Vaccinium and Prunus pennsylvanica.
 Metadiaptomus is a genus of crustacean in the family Diaptomidae containing the following species:Metadiaptomus aethiopicus (Daday 1910)Metadiaptomus alluaudi (Guerne & Richard 1890)Metadiaptomus asiaticus (Ulyanin 1875)Metadiaptomus capensis (G. O.
 The Small Phoenix (Ecliptopera silaceata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.The wingspan is 23–27 mm. The length of the forewings is 13–17 mm. The moths fly in two generations from May to July and from August to September. .The larvae feed mainly on willowherbs.
 Cerdocyon avius is an extinct species of omnivorous mammal of the family Canidae which inhabited North America during the Pliocene from 4.9 Ma to approximately 11000 years ago. It is similar to the modern Crab-eating Fox.
 Antennaria is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Antennaria crassicornis Macleay 1888 Antennaria doddi Sloane 1905 Antennaria ioscelis Hope 1841 Antennaria sparsimpilosa Horn 1913↑
 The cheek-lined wrasse Oxycheilinus digramma is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade. The fish grows to about 40 cm (16 in) in standard length. The side of the fish's head has horizontal stripes while the front of the head has red spots. Coloring of the fish varies from pale gray to purple.
 The Yellow-vented Flowerpecker (Dicaeum chrysorrheum) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dysethia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Lettuce Shark (Cucullia lactucae) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe Turkey the Altai mountains and the Caucasus.The wingspan is 44–53 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July in one generation in most of the range. In the south there is a second generation with adults on wing from August to September.The larvae feed on Compositae species Sonchus arvensis Sonchus asper Lactuca sativa and Lactuca muralis.
 Malhub is a thoroughbred racehorse. He won the prestigious Golden Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot in 2002.He is a son of Kingmambo.
 Protanthias is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 The Grey-bellied Cuckoo or the Indian Plaintive Cuckoo (Cacomantis passerinus) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds the Cuculiformes which also includes the roadrunners the anis and the Hoatzin.It breeds in tropical southern Asia from India and Sri Lanka to south China and Indonesia.
 Eupsoropsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Crepidophryne is a genus of toads commonly referred to as Cerro Utyum toads. The genus comprises three species scattered alopatrically throughout Costa Rican and Panamian highlands.
 The pink cusk-eel Genypterus blacodes is a species of cusk-eel found in the oceans around southern Australia Chile Brazil and around New Zealand except the east coast of Northland in depths of 22 to 1000 metres (72 to 3281 ft). Their length is up to 200 centimetres (79 in) and they live for up to 30 years.Other names in English include ling Australian rockling New Zealand ling kingklip pink ling and northern ling.
 Paragomphus nyasicus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Malawi and possibly Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acrodipsas melania (Grey ant-blue Butterfly) is a butterfly native to Australia.
 Dienstina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Richter and Richter in 1931 and the type species is Dienstina diensti which the authors had originally assigned to the genus Phacopidella in 1923. The type locality was in Oberscheld Rhenish Massif.
 Ectoedemia fuscivittata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from rainforests in Belize and Ecuador.The wingspan is 4.1-4.3 mm for males. Adults are on wing in April in Belize and in January in Ecuador.
 Metaxanthops acutus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Metaxanthops.
 The Olive-and-black Carpet (Acasis viridata) is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Packard in 1873. It is found from Newfoundland to British Columbia and the adjacent northern part of the United States south in the east to Florida and south in the west to Colorado and Oregon.The wingspan is 18-20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July in North America. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on the flowerheads of Viburnum cassinoides.
 Nebria eschscholtzi is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in such US states as California Idaho and Oregon.
 Odostomia talama is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Necklaced Spinetail (Synallaxis stictothorax) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.The form Synallaxis (stictothorax) chinchipensis is sometimes split as a separate species the Chinchipe Spinetail.
 The Rio Guaporé mouse Juscelinomys guaporensis is a rodent species in the family Cricetidae. It is known only from a small savanna in eastern Bolivia near the Rio Guaporé.
 The Alope Sphinx (Erinnyis alope) is a moth of the Family Sphingidae. It lives from the Northern part of South America through Central America up to Northern Mexico and the very south of the United States although strays have been recorded as far north as Arkansas and Kansas.The wingspan is 82–100 mm. The upperside of the forewing is dark brown with short yellowish streaks on the forward half and wavy yellowish bands on the rear half.
 Leucanopsis misona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 Yinoceratinae is one of three subfamilies of the Pseudohaloritaceae Superfamily a member of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Schwartziella chesnelii is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Yakuhananomia bidentata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the genus Yakuhananomia. It was described in 1824 by Thomas Say.
 The Orange Sun-moth (Synemon nais) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Victoria South Australia and south-eastern Western Australia.The wingspan is about 27 mm for males and 30 mm for females. Adults have orange hindwings with a blackish-brown inner section that surrounds an orange spot.
 Epiodynerus is a monotypic genus of potter wasps.
 Microhexura is a tiny spider genus from the USA with only two species. M. montivaga is considered endangered. M. idahoana is widespread in old growth from Mount Rainier southward.
 Pseudochironomus is a genus of European and North American non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Striatoguraleus vellicatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Cadorela translucida is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in south-western Madagascar.The male of this species has a wingspan of 18mm head and front are clear brown palpae beiges fine and turned downwards. Antennae are dark-brown and largely pectinated. Thorax is brown-black abdomen brown-black on the upperside and brown-yellowish on the underside.The holotype of this species had been found East of Sakaraha in the Zombitse-Vohibasia National Park at 640m.
 Coleophora serratella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe (except the Balkan Peninsula) Japan (Hokkaido) and North America.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. The moth flies in June depending on the location.The larvae feed on birches elms alders hazels apples Crataegus Sorbus willows Comptonia peregrina and Quercus wislizenii. They create a strongly curved youth case. The adult case is a tubular leaf case. It is trivalved and about 7 mm in length.
 Reig's opossum (Monodelphis reigi) is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae discovered in 2004. It is named after Argentine biologist Osvaldo Reig (1929–1992). It was initially found in montane forest in Canaima National Park Venezuela at an elevation of 1300 m in the Sierra de Lema. It is typically found between 1100 m and 2050 m on Mount Ayanganna.
 Halone flavinigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is known from India.
 Pleurotomella hypermnestra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Manulea flavociliata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in north-eastern Kazakhstan southern Siberia the Russian Far East Mongolia China (Heilongjiang Beijing Shanxi Shaanxi Sichuan Tibet Qinghai Xinjiang) and Korea.
 Inquisitor zonata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Aragorn II son of Arathorn is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium. He is one of the protagonists of The Lord of the Rings. Aragorn was a Ranger of the North first introduced with the name Strider at Bree as the Hobbits continued to call him throughout The Lord of the Rings. He was eventually discovered to be the heir of Isildur and rightful claimant to the thrones of Arnor and Gondor.
 Digama costimacula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ghana.
 Phtheochroa osthelderi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Syria and Turkey.
 Nukusa praeditella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Albania Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatia Italy and former Serbia and Montenegro.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. The forewings are shining yellowish grey. The hindwings are shining yellowish ash-grey.
 Hose's frog (Odorrana hosii often misspelled as O. hosei) is a true frog species with a wide range in Southeast Asia. This species was named after zoologist Charles Hose. Its closest living relatives appear to be O. chloronota which occurs to the north of Hose's frog's range as well as O. livida and O.
 The Frosted Green (Polyploca ridens) is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe England Denmark Southern Sweden and in the east up to Russia.The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from April to May depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak.
 The Tenthredinidae are the largest family of sawflies with well over 6000 species worldwide. Larvae are typically herbivores and feed on the foliage of trees and shrubs with occasional exceptions that are leaf miners stem borers or gall makers. The larvae of externally feeding species resemble small caterpillars.
 Cerithiopsis infrequens is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rolán Espinosa and Fernández-Garcés in 2007.
 Scopula oppunctata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 The Sabang tree frog (Litoria sanguinolenta) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Thitarodes hainanensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is found in China.
 Epichnopterix sieboldii is a moth of the family Psychidae. It is found in parts of central Europe France Spain and Greece.The wingspan of the males is 10–14 mm. Females are wingless. Adult males are on wing from the beginning of April to the end of March.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Acupalpus guttiger is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 Idiosepius minimus is a species of bobtail squid native to the coast of Africa where it occurs in shallow inshore waters.I. minimus grows to 15 mm in mantle length.The type locality of I. minimus is not designated. The type specimen was originally deposited at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris but is no longer extant.The validity of I. minimus has been questioned.
 Andalgalomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It contains the following species: Olrog's Chaco Mouse (Andalgalomys olrogi) Pearson's Chaco Mouse (Andalgalomys pearsoni) Roig's Chaco Mouse (Andalgalomys roigi)
 The genus Agapostemon is a common group of Western hemisphere sweat bees of generally green or blue appearance (head and thorax always sometimes also the abdomen in some females). There are some 45 species in the genus ranging from Canada to Argentina. They superficially resemble various members of the tribe Augochlorini which are typically metallic greenish in appearance. Members of this genus are commonly referred to as metallic green bees.
 Ectinosomatidae is a family of the Harpacticoida a huge group of crustaceans belonging to the subclass Copepoda. Like most of their relatives they are usually benthic inhabitants of marine environments. Ectinosomatidae commonly inhabit sediment and fragments of dead corals or glass sponges and occasionally algae and bryozoans in the deep oceans. In the epifaunal species the first leg pair is often modified to allow the animals a better grip on the substrate.
 Parornix impressipenella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Mexico.
 Yirrkala moorei is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 2006.
 Peckelachertus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Elytroleptus scabricollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1892.
 Vosmer's Writhing Skink (Lygosoma vosmaeri) is a species of skink endemic to India.
 The yellow-headed day gecko (Phelsuma klemmeri Seipp 1991) is a diurnal species of gecko. It is endemic to northwestern Madagascar and typically inhabits coastal rainforests dwelling on trees. The yellow-headed day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 Epacrocerus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Proaegeria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species Proaegeria vouauxi which is known from Cameroon.
 Aeneator recens is a species of large sea snail a whelk a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Phyllonorycter genistella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Iberian Peninsula.The larvae feed on Genista florida. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create an upper-surface tentiform mine.
 The Eupatorium Borer Moth (Carmenta bassiformis) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856 and is found from Massachusetts to Florida west to Wisconsin Kansas and Texas.The wingspan is 18-26 mm. Adults are on wing from late May to September.The larvae feed on the roots of ironweed and joe-pye-weed.
 Anacanthus barbatus the Bearded leatherjacket is a species of filefish found in the Indo-Pacific. It is found on reefs at depths of from 3 to 8 metres (9.8 to 26.2 ft). This species grows to a length of 35 centimetres (14 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus. This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Dendropithecus is an extinct genus of apes native to East Africa between 20 and 15 million years ago. It may have been the ancestor of modern gibbons which it resembled in some respects.Dendropithecus was a slender ape about 60 centimetres (2.0 ft) in body length. The structure of its arms suggest that it would have been able to brachiate swinging between trees by its arms but that it would not have been as efficient at this form of movement as modern gibbons.
 Niwaella is a small genus of loaches native to Asia.
 Zabrus guildensis is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Morocco.
 Miscera omichleutis is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Australia.
 Eledone nigra is a little-known species of octopus described from one male and six females which were taken in Luderitz Bay Namibia and has only been recorded subsequently in 1941. 1983 and 1991 all from Luderitz Bay.
 Barbus papilio is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Knefastia horrenda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Allotinus melos is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found on the Philippines (Mindanao and Palawan) Balabac Island and Borneo.
 Antrozoini is a tribe of bats in the subfamily Vespertilioninae of the family Vespertilionidae. It includes at least the pallid bat (Antrozous pallidus) Van Gelder's bat (Bauerus dubiaquercus) and the fossil Anzanycteris; some classifications also include the genera Rhogeessa and Baeodon.
 Stigmella perpygmaeella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in most of Europe east to Russia.The wingspan is 5–6 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May and again from June to August.The larvae feed on Crataegus laevigata and Crataegus monogyna. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a corridor that quickly widens into a secondary blotch. The mine is constrained between two veins or less frequently a lateral vein and the leaf margin.
 Hyposmocoma roseofulva is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Rhytipterna is a genus of bird in the Tyrannidae family. They share the common name mourner with several species in the family Tityridae.
 Pleurotomella megalembryon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Prunum amygdalum common name : the almond marginella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mordella cingulata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 The Dark-sided Thrush (Zoothera marginata) is a species of bird in the thrush family Turdidae. It is also known as the Lesser Brown Thrush the Long-billed Ground-thrush and the Dark-sided Ground-thrush. The species is monotypic (lacking subspecies) and is closely related to a number of thrushes in the genus Zoothera including the Long-billed Thrush and the widespread Scaly Thrush.
 The Blue Mountains tree frog (Litoria citropa) is a species of tree frog native to the coastal and highland areas of eastern Australia from just south of Newcastle NSW to eastern VIC. The Jenolan Caves tree frog a population formerly separated as L. jenolanensis is nowadays included in this species.
 Agdistis potgieteri is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa (Free State Limpopo and Western and Northern Cape).The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The forewings are grey with four dark dots two in the discal area and at the costal margin. The other two are found in the middle part and on the base of the wing. The hindwings are uniformly grey. Adults are on wing from the end of August to January.
 The Orange-eyed Flatbill or Orange-eyed Flycatcher (Tolmomyias traylori) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in the Amazon (specifically in várzea forest) in south-eastern Colombia eastern Ecuador and north-eastern Peru. First recognized as a species due to its distinct voice it was only described in 1997.The binomial commemorates the American ornithologist Melvin Alvah Traylor Jr..
 Viking Flagship (1987–2000) was an Irish racehorse who began his racing career in October 1989 as 2 year old. He was first trained by his breeder Eithne C Holdsworth in Co. Kilkenny and then by Martin Pipe He had 18 starts in Ireland with these two trainers all in Ireland but was unable to win any of them.
 Amblyapistus taenionotus is a Scorpionfish from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15cm in length.
 Eleutherodactylus celator is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scabricola eximia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Ornipholidotos sylphida is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon and Angola. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Banana Moth (Opogona sacchari) is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is native to the humid tropical and subtropical regions of sub-Saharan Africa (where it is also found in Madagascar Mauritius Réunion Rodrigues Island the Seychelles and St. Helena). It was first reported from the Canary Islands in the 1920s. In the 1970s it was introduced into Brazil and Central America and also appeared in Europe. It has been reported from Florida since 1986.The wingspan is 18–25 mm.
 Xylergates is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Xylergates capixaba Giorgi & Corbett 2005 Xylergates elaineae Gilmour 1962 Xylergates lacteus Bates 1864 Xylergates picturatus Lane 1957 Xylergates pulcher Lane 1957↑
 Oenomaus morroensis is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in lower montane and subtropical forests in Brazil.
 The European wildcat (Felis silvestris silvestris) is a subspecies of the wildcat that inhabits the forests and grasslands of Europe as well as Turkey and the Caucasus Mountains. It has been extirpated from Scandinavia England and Wales and numbers in Scotland are critically low. Some authorities restrict F. s.
 Acrolophus penumbra is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Metacosmesis is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Cirripectes perustus the flaming blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans. This species reaches a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL.
 Common names: Uzungwe viper worm-eating viper Barbour's short-headed viper more.Adenorhinos is a monotypic genus created for the venomous viper species Adenorhinos barbouri which is a small and exceptionally rare terrestrial species endemic to the Uzungwe and Ukinga mountains of south-central Tanzania in Africa. No subspecies are recognized.
 Gibbonsia is a genus of clinids native to the eastern Pacific ocean.
 Fraise (1988–2005) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1992 Breeders' Cup Turf.
 Hypsotropa rosescens is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Sri Lanka.
 Pethia macrogramma is a species of cyprinid fish native to Myanmar where it is only known from streams in the Myitkyina area. It can reach a length of 5.1 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 The Great Bowerbird (Chlamydera nuchalis) is a common and conspicuous resident of northern Australia from the area around Broome across the Top End to Cape York Peninsula and as far south as Mount Isa.
 The smoky pocket gopher (Cratogeomys fumosus) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. It is endemic to Mexico (Querétaro). Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. Molecular phylogenetics has revealed that this species also includes the animals formerly separated as C. gymnurus C. neglectus C. tylorhinus and C. zinseri.
 Syrnola attenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Megalaemyia punctulata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Megalaemyia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Doto is a genus of dendronotid Dotidae nudibranch . This genus feeds on hydroids (anemones) as reflected by its serrated radula.Oken's 1815 Lehrbuch der Naturgeschichte has been placed by ICZN Opinion 417 on the Official Index of Rejected and Invalid Works in Zoology but an exception was made for Doto which has been placed by ICZN Opinion 697 on the Official List of Generic Names.
 Allen's river garfish (Zenarchopterus alleni) is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to West Papua in Indonesia. The Allen's river garfish was discovered in the Mamberamo River in Papua Indonesia. It is known from only one specimen. The specimen recovered measured 13 centimetres (5.1 in) SL in length and had 14 dorsal soft rays and 13 anal soft rays.
 Anomoeosis phanerostigma is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea.
 Pentila glagoessa the Immaculate Cream Pentila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern and southern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo (Haut-Uele Tshopo Equateur and Sankuru) and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.Adults resemble day-flying cream moths.
 The Fraser's musk shrew (Crocidura poensis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Benin Cameroon Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria São Tomé and Príncipe Sierra Leone and Togo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Hyrcanypena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista cingillella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and Russia to the Pyrenees and Alps and from Great Britain to Romania.The wingspan is 8.5–10 millimetres (0.33–0.39 in). Adults have been recorded in May.The larvae feed on Bromus erectus Dichanthium ischaemum and Milium effusum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a gradually widening gallery in the base of the blade. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Coleophora cartilaginella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It has a disjunct distribution. It has been recorded from the Iberian Peninsula northern Russia Hungary Ukraine Serbia and the Republic of Macedonia. It is also known from southern Russia central Asia Iran and Afghanistan.Adults are on wing in June.The larvae feed on Astragalus albicaulis and Medicago species. They create a straw-coloured pistol case of up to 16 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°.
 Copelatus montivagus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Young in 1942.
 Coluzea rotunda is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Euxesta diaphana is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 For mountains or other uses see: Jabal or Jebel.Djebel (1937–1958) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who won 15 of 22 races during 1939-1942 and was later a leading sire.
 Australia is a Thoroughbred racehorse trained by Irish trainer Aidan O'Brien. The colt was foaled on April 8 2011.
 Phacops rana (Eldredgeops rana) is a species of trilobite from the middle Devonian period. Their fossils are found chiefly in the northeastern United States southwestern Ontario and in Morocco.
 The Yellowish Pipit (Anthus lutescens) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia French Guiana Guyana Panama Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and pastureland.
 Heteropsis narova is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Jaton angolensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Reabotis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Idia.
 Eleutherodactylus auriculatoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found in the Dominican Republic and possibly Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Arta encaustalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Arta. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Brazil.
 Stenopaltis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tipulamima auronitens is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from the Republic of Congo.
 Coleophora breyeri is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Plesiadapis is one of the oldest known primate-like mammal genera which existed about 55-58 million years ago in North America and Europe. Plesiadapis literally means near-Adapis which is a reference to the Eocene lemuriform Adapis. Plesiadapis tricuspidens the type specimen is so named because of the three cusps present on its upper incisors.
 Chologaster cornuta commonly named swampfish ricefish or riceditch killifish is a freshwater fish of the family Amblyopsidae. It is the only living species of the genus Chologaster. It only lives in US rivers in the Atlantic Coastal Plain drainages from southeast Virginia to central Georgia. It lives up to two years. The Latin name refers to a very tiny horned bulge at front of the eye. Males are commonly 4 cm long but may be as large as 7 cm.
 Delias kristianiae is a rare Papuan butterfly that is named after the Indonesian first lady Kristiani Herawati. Kristiani Herawati was presented with a specimen of D. kristianiae after the species was named which she donated to a museum.
 The African Babul Blue or Topaz-spotted Blue (Azanus jesous) is a small butterfly found in India and Africa that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Paratya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae found in various islands in the Pacific Ocean. The split between the North Pacific clade (Japan) and the South Pacific clade (New Zealand Australia New Caledonia Lord Howe Island) has been estimated to have occurred 19 to 12.5 million years ago.
 Chetone phaeba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Boisduval in 1870. It is found in Guatemala.
 Caloptilia sauzalitoeella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).
 Ecbolemia was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Scythocentropus It contained four species which are all transferred to other genera or placed in synonymity.
 Miscelus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Miscelus carinatus Andrewes 1922 Miscelus javanus Klug 1834 Miscelus luctosus Putzeys 1875 Miscelus sibling Darlington 1968 Miscelus unicolor Putzeys 1846↑
 The Brown-eared Bulbul (Hypsipetes amaurotis) is a medium-sized bulbul which is found from the Russian Far East (including Sakhalin) northeastern China the Korean Peninsula and Japan south to Taiwan and the Babuyan and Batanes island chains in the north of the Philippines occasionally being found on Luzon.
 Allonautilus perforatus is a species of nautilus native to the waters around Bali Indonesia. It is known only from drifted shells and as such is the least studied of the six recognised nautilus species.A. perforatus shows a shell shape and coloration very similar to that of A. scrobiculatus and shares with this species the characteristic open umbilicus.
 Asthenotricha straba is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Mormula chrysozona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Typhlops reticulatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The White-bellied Sunbird (Cinnyris talatala) also known as the White-breasted Sunbird is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Ypsolopha unicipunctella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States including Oklahoma Texas and Arizona.The wingspan is 17-23 mm.The antennae are white dotted with dark brown. The labial palpi on the outside are dark fuscous striated transversely with white. The underside and inside of the second joint are silvery white. The brush is small and the terminal joint is thickened in front with rough scales.
 The brown catshark Apristurus brunneus is commonly found in the Pacific Ocean ranging from the northern Pacific waters off the coast of British Columbia and south to the Baja California peninsula in Mexico. They may live as far south as Ecuador and Peru. Brown catsharks are deep-water sharks that live on the outer continental shelf and the upper slope.
 Myrmecia rowlandi is a species of Bull ant native to Australia. They are usually spotted in the Australian state of Queensland notably in Cairns.
 Choreutis angulosa is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1968. It is found in the Philippines.
 Eccentric sand dollar (Dendraster excentricus) also known as the sea-cake biscuit-urchin western sand dollar or Pacific sand dollar is a member of the order Clypeasteroida better known as sand dollars a species of flattened burrowing sea urchins found in the northeast Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California.
 Amastus umber is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Cavipalpia translucidella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cavipalpia. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in India.
 Cymbalomia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Lark-like Bunting (Emberiza impetuani) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Lesotho Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Lucerapex casearia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Azure damselfly (Coenagrion puella) is a species of damselfly found in most of Europe. It is notable for its distinctive black and blue colouring.
 Liomera is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species:
 Machomyrma is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Machomyrma dispar.
 Burnupena pubescens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Malayan tapir (Tapirus indicus) also called the Asian tapir is the largest of the five species of tapir and the only one native to Asia. The scientific name refers to the East Indies the species' natural habitat. In the Malay language the tapir is commonly referred to as cipan tenuk or badak tampung.
 Hastulopsis alveolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Pommern (1912–1935) was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse an sire. In a racing career which lasted from 1914 to June 1916 he ran ten times and won seven races. As a three-year-old in 1915 he won the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket and the wartime substitutes for the Epsom Derby and the St. Leger Stakes to win a version of the English Triple Crown. After winning his only race as a four-year-old in 1916 he was retired to stud where he had limited success.
 Babelomurex diadema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Sublysandra is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Micraspis is a genus of the Ladybird family.Species of the genus include: Micraspis discolor (Fabricius 1798) Micraspis frenata (Erichson 1842) Micraspis lineola (Fabricius 1775) Micraspis striata (Fabricius 1792)↑
 The Duke of Bedford's Vole (Proedromys bedfordi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in China.
 The White-browed Tapaculo (Scytalopus superciliaris) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eupithecia juncalensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Region of Valparaiso (Aconcagua Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Central Valley Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm for males and 9.5 mm for females. The forewings are pale grey with numerous grey and brown scales resulting in a somewhat mottled appearance. The hindwings are greyish with dark scaling along the anal margin. Adults have been recorded on wing in November.
 The Ozark zigzag salamander (Plethodon angusticlavius) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Eulepidotis folium is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Costa Rica.
 Anthrenocerus arrowi is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family
 Parazoanthus axinellae the Yellow Cluster Anemone is a zoanthid coral found on the southern Atlantic coasts of Europe and in the Mediterranean Sea.Zoanthids differ from true sea anemones in having a different internal anatomy and in forming true colonies in which the individual animals (polyps) are connected by a common tissue called the coenenchyme. The species is yellow or orange in colour with 24 to 36 tentacles disposed in two rows.
 Parapinnixa affinis the California Bay pea crab is a species of pinnotherid crab endemic to Southern California. It is a small crab that lives commensally in the tube of a tube-dwelling worm. It was described in 1900 and is one of only two marine crustaceans to be included on the IUCN Red List.
 Arca imbricata or the mossy ark clam is a clam in the family Arcidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies Brazil and Bermuda.
 Calliphora loewi is part of the family Calliphoridae bottle flies and blowflies and in the genus Calliphora blue bottle flies. The genus can be deceiving since C. loewi is not blue. Though this species is rare it can play an important part in forensic entomology spreading disease and decomposing carrion. The life cycle of C. loewi is similar to the life cycle of the genus Calliphora. Since this species is rare there has not been very much research done with this species.
 Eupithecia unicolor is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are violaceous with two black oblique cross lines. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to November.The larvae feed on Juniperus scopulorum Thuja plicata and Chamaecyparis nootkatensis. The larvae are twig mimics. They are mottled yellowish green with a brown head. Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 20 mm.
 Scyrotis kochi is a species of moth of the Cecidosidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Negeta contrariata is a moth in the Nolidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics east to Australia (Queensland) and Bismarck Archipelago.Adults are brown with a large white spot near the apex of each forewing.
 Pterocerina alboguttata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae.
 Bishanopliosaurus is a genus of plesiosaur. The type species is B. youngi based on remains found in the Ziliujing formation of China.
 Trox sulcatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 The Diatomyidae family of hystricomorphous sciurognathous rodents found in Asia is represented by a single known living species Laonastes aenigmamus.
 Orectoloboides is an extinct genus of wobbegong sharks (family Orectolobidae). It was described by Cappetta in 1977. A new species O. angulatus was described from the Cenomanian period of Canada by Charlie J. Underwood and Stephen L. Cumbaa in 2010.
 The subfamily Notochthamalinae Foster and Newman 1987 was proposed for members of the barnacle family Chthamalidae with elongated scuta and very narrow terga deeply interlocked sometimes concrescent. Shell plates may become concrescent with age in some species. Soft part characters include card setae on some or all of cirri I to III and mandible with or without combed lower edge. Poltarukha made further revisions in 1996.
 Bulinus truncatus is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.
 Rhynchodercetis (meaning beaked throat whale) is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 Gauruncus simplicissimus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province Morona-Santiago Province).
 The One-toed Amphiuma (Amphiuma pholeter) is an aquatic eel-like salamander native to the southeastern United States. It was unknown to science until 1950 when it was collected by herpetologist W. T. Neill. It is rarely observed in the wild and much about the species remains uncertain.
 Ancylus is a genus of very small freshwater air-breathing limpets. They are aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the tribe Ancylini within the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies.The genus is known throughout the Cenozoic.
 Tomocichla tuba is a species of cichlid found in fast-moving waters on the Atlantic slope of Central America in Nicaragua Costa Rica and Panama. This species can reach a length of 45 centimetres (18 in) TL.
 Eois nigrosticta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Hemileucinae is a subfamily of the family Saturniidae.This subfamily contains the following genera:
 Strabomantis cheiroplethus is a species of frog in the Strabomantidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Sooty Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros fuliginosus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Porthecla minyia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Amazon Basin and the Guianas at altitudes between 100 and 1000 meters.The length of the forewings is 16.2 mm for males and 15.1 mm for females. Adults are on wing in August and December. They feed on the nectar of Cordia schomburgkii.
 Prothymidia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Prothymidia angusticollis (Boheman 1848) Prothymidia foveicollis (W. Horn 1913) Prothymidia gemmipravata (W. Horn 1914) Prothymidia kehmiini Werner 2003 Prothymidia putzeysi (W. Horn 1900) Prothymidia sibyllae Schule 2003 Prothymidia vuilletorum (W. Horn 1914)↑
 Neocurtimorda is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Neocurtimorda aequatorialis Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda belcastroi Franciscolo 1994 Neocurtimorda conformis Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda convexa Franciscolo 1950 Neocurtimorda distrigosa Franciscolo 1955 Neocurtimorda lugubris (Fahraeus 1870) Neocurtimorda monostigma Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda mordelloides Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda nakanei Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda perpusilla Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda picicornis Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda rufipalpis Franciscolo 1953 Neocurtimorda sexmaculata Franciscolo 1953↑
 Lethrinops albus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in deep waters. This species grows to a length of 16.5 centimetres (6.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Gracilacus (Pin nematodes) is a genus of nematodes. Many of the species in this genus are plant pathogens.
 Cola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hypotia seyrigalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Viette in 1953 and is known from Madagascar.
 Microgenys is a genus of characins from tropical South America. The currently described species in this genus are: Microgenys lativirgata N. E. Pearson 1927 Microgenys minuta C. H. Eigenmann 1913 Microgenys weyrauchi Fowler 1945
 Chlorophorus annularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Ambulyx placida is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Himalayan foothills of northern India Nepal and Tibet.The wingspan is 104-114 mm. It is similar to Ambulyx semiplacida but can be distinguished by the much smaller subbasal spot on the forewing upperside.
 Euphaedra viridicaerulea the Brown-patch Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Uganda and Kenya.
 Lipopterichthys carrioni is a species of armored catfish from South America.These fish reach 7.8 centimetres (3.1 in) SL. These fish are demersal and live in tropical freshwater habitats. They are found in the Marañón River basin in Ecuador.
 The Zebra Blue or Plumbago Blue (Leptotes plinius) is a species of blue butterfly found in India.
 Cystiscus peelae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Diaspidina is a subtribe of armored scale insects. It occurs mostly in the Americas and Africa with a few species in tropical Asia. In the Americas Pseudoparlatoria is the largest genus with Diaspis second; in Africa Diaspis is the largest genus. The grouping identified by Balachowsky in 1954 as the subtribe Diaspidina are now the tribe Diaspidini.Anderson found the Diaspidina grouping to constitute a clade with core genera: Carulaspis Diaspis and Epidiaspis.
 Metarctia pallens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1911. It is found in Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Evarra is a genus of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. All species in the genus are presumed extinct since 1970.
 Psilogramma frankenbachi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi in Indonesia.
 Sylvioidea is a clade of passerine birds. It is one of at least three major clades within the Passerida along with the Muscicapoidea and Passeroidea. It contains about 1300 species including the Old World warblers Old World babblers swallows larks bulbuls and perhaps the tits. Members of the clade are found worldwide but fewer species are present in the Americas.
 Argna is a genus of air-breathing land snails pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Argnidae.
 Saurita arimensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fleming in 1957. It is found in Trinidad.
 Eichstaettia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.
 Cicindela campestris commonly called the green tiger beetle is a widespread Eurasian species of tiger beetle.
 Schistura semiarmata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura. A type of stone loach the fish is found in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu in the Bhavani River the Seegoor River and Billicul Lake. It was first described in 1867 by F. Day who classified it as Schistura semiarmata. It was later reclassified under genus Nemacheilus as Nemacheilus semiarmatus but Maurice Kottelat returned the species to Schistura in 2012.
 Cyanomethia pseudothonalmus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Cyanomethia.
 Idiacanthus is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes.
 Commerson's frogfish or the giant frogfish Antennarius commerson is a marine fish belonging to the family Antennariidae.
 Eois decursaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Jamaica.
 Pusillina marginata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Iolaini are a tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. As not all Theclinae have been assigned to tribes the genus list is preliminary.
 Emarginula nordica common name the northern emarginula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Barbodes elongatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Taiwan where it is only known from the Buraku River.
 Prionus coriarius (sometimes referred to as the tanner or the sawyer) is a species of longhorn beetle common in most of Europe.
 Dercetis (meaning throat whale) is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 Mesoleuctra is a genus of stoneflies that lived in the Jurassic period.SpeciesMesoleuctra brachypoda †Mesoleuctra exserta †Mesoleuctra gigantea †Mesoleuctra gracilis †Mesoleuctra peipiaoensis †Mesoleuctra tibialis †Mesoleuctra quadrata †
 Dinoponera longipes is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.
 Cylindrocopturus eatoni is a species of weevil that is commonly found in Oregon. The adults of the species are black and densely covered with grayish scales. The species is a good flier but it often hops when disturbed which is why it is often mistaken for a leafhopper. It lays its eggs singly in niches excavated in the bark of a main stem and its twigs. Cream-colored larvae hatch a few days later and begin tunneling in the outer layers of the roots feeding on the phloem and xylem.
 Pseudohypatopa paulilobata is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by H. Zhen and H.H. Li in 2008. It is found in China (Zhejiang).
 Rhachicolus cristatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Rhachicolus.
 The Mexican Orangetip Anthocharis limonea is a butterfly of the Pierinae subfamily mostly found in Mexico and the Southwestern United States.
 Prochola fuscula is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Puerto Rico.
 Neozuga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Anabarilius songmingensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.
 Ophichthus brevicaudatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Chu Yuan-Ting Wu Han-Lin and Jin Xin-Bo in 1981.
 Aeoliscus is a genus of shrimpfishes found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Volutoconus bednalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Coronella austriaca fitzingeri is a subspecies of the snake (commonly known as a smooth snake) (Coronella austriaca). It lives in Southern Italy and Sicily.
 Mimagoniates inequalis known as the croaking tetra (a common name also applied to M. lateralis and M. microlepis) is a species of tetra in the genus Mimagoniates. It was previously classified as Glandulocauda inequalis
 Myrina sharpei Sharpe’s Fig Tree Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forest.The larvae feed on Ficus capensis.
 The Hypomesus japonicus is a coastal fish species of the northwestern Pacific ocean ranging from the Korean Peninsula and northern Japan to the Kuril Islands and Peter the Great Bay.
 Carpathichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Oligocene.
 Automolis incensa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in South Africa.
 Bebearia phantasina the Western Fantasia is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo and Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests and dense secondary growth.Adults are attracted to fermenting fruit.
 Heteropsis nigrescens is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Horama tarsalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Haiti.
 Pancalia nodosella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain France the Netherlands Germany Austria Italy Slovenia Slovakia most of the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine Latvia and Russia. In the east the range extends through the Caucasus and Central Asia to Kyrgyzstan.The wingspan is 12–16 mm. Adults are on wing in May.The larvae feed on Viola curtisii. They initially mine the leaf stem of their host plant but also make irregular blotch mines in the leaves.
 Eburneana is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).Like several other salticids this genus mimicks ants.
 Tetrapulmonata is a non-ranked supra-ordinal group of arachnids. It is composed of Thelyphonida Schizomida Amblypygi and Araneae. It is the only supra-ordinal group of arachnids that is strongly supported in molecular phylogenetic studies.
 The Green-winged Pytilia (Pytilia melba) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 6000000 square kilometres (2300000 sq mi).It is found in most of Africa south of the Sahara. It has two subspecies groups nominate melba in the south and the northernly citerior which are sometimes treated as separate species. Usually additional subspecies are recognized within these two groups.[citation needed]
 The Mexican burrowing toad (Rhinophrynus dorsalis) is the only species in the genus Rhinophrynus and the family Rhinophrynidae of order Anura. These frogs live from the southern Texas through Mexico Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador to Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
 Common names: inland carpet python murray darling carpet python MD carpet python Victorian carpet python.Morelia spilota metcalfei is a python subspecies found in Australia commonly known as the Murray Darling carpet python. The pythons are non-venomous snakes that constrict their prey. They grow up to 2.7m (9 feet) but adults are usually around 2.4m (8 feet) and are generally silvery-grey in colour with brown or black lines and blotches.
 Stratiotes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Stratiotes batesi Putzeys 1866 Stratiotes clivinoides (Castelnau 1832) Stratiotes iracundus Putzeys 1861↑
 Pimoa is a genus of spiders in the Pimoidae family. Its sister genus is Nanoa.
 Chondropoma auberianum is a species of an operculate land snail terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.
 Tactusa flavoniger is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Laos in Southeast Asia.
 The pouched gerbil Desmodilliscus braueri is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is the only species in the genus Desmodilliscus and the subtribe Desmodilliscina.It is found in northern Africa: Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Senegal and Sudan. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.This species is probably the smallest of the familia Muridae. It weighs 6 to 14 grams its length is 4 to 8 cm without the shorter poorly haired tail.
 The Pale Eggar or Pale Oak Eggar (Trichiura crataegi) is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in all of Europe (except Iceland) east to Anatolia.The wingspan is 25–30 mm.
 The Brilliant Flash Rapala sphinx is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Meiacanthus vicinus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean where it is only known from Indonesia. This species grows to a length of 4.1 centimetres (1.6 in) SL.
 Eulimella cossignaniorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Alecton discoidalis is a species of firefly in the beetle family Lampyridae commonly known as the Cuban endemic firefly. The larvae of this species are predators on both pulmonate and operculate land snails. Alecton discoidalis is the type species of the genus Alecton.
 Anthrenocerus Confertus is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Aethes kyrkii is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern Finland.
 Sarosa connotata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro) and Peru.
 Thecladoris tylonotoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Thecladoris.
 Helcogramma ememes is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Holleman in 2007.
 The Golden-winged Parakeet (Brotogeris chrysoptera) is a species of bird in the Psittacidae family the true parrots.
 Emblemaria caldwelli the Caribbean blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around the Bahamas Belize Honduras and Jamaica in the western central Atlantic ocean.
 Ephormortis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Aethes decimana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Spain France Germany Italy Austria Switzerland Slovakia Slovenia Poland Romania and Ukraine.The wingspan is 17-19 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Hedleya is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pupinidae.
 Graecophalangium is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Ernocornutia basisignata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream preserved as a large basal blotch incomplete subterminal interfascia and remnants of subapical interfascia. Other parts of the ground colour are suffused brownish and dark greyish brown. The hindwings are grey cream strigulated with grey-brown.
 Anolis conspersus also known as the Cayman blue-throated anole is a species of anole found on the Cayman Islands.
 Zygomaturus is an extinct giant marsupial from Australia during the Pleistocene. It had a heavy body and thick legs and is believed to be similar to the modern Pygmy Hippopotamus in both size and build. The genus moved on all fours. It lived in the wet coastal margins of Australia and became extinct about 45000 years ago. Zygomaturus also is believed to have expanded its range toward the interior of the continent along the waterways.
 Odostomia excelsa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Danoli (14 May 1988 – April 2006) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. He was best known for his successes in hurdle races although he also had success in steeplechases later in his career. Danoli was described as the most popular racehorse in Ireland during the 1990s and was regarded as the People's Champion. Danoli's successes were achieved despite the fact that his career was frequently disrupted by injury. He was noted for a rivalry with another Irish horse Dorans Pride.
 Chlorida denticulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Buquet in 1860. It is known from the Guianas.
 Larinus sibiricus is a species of true weevil found in Eastern Europe and the Middle East.The weevil feeds on Xeranthemum annuum (Asteraceae). Females lay eggs on the flowerheads and larvae undergo development inside the flower heads. The species' larvae apparently are parasatized by Bracon urinator (Hymenoptera: Braconidae).
 Caecum pollicare is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Anomiopus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Monilea is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Pinnixa chaetopterana the tube pea crab is a small decapod crustacean that lives harmlessly within the tube of the polychaete worm Chaetopterus variopedatus.
 The Xingu Antbird (Willisornis vidua) also known as the Xingu Scale-backed Antbird is a species of antbird from the south-eastern Amazon in Brazil. Until 2011 it was usually included as a subspecies of the Scale-backed Antbird. Its English name refers to the Xingu River. In addition to the nominate subspecies it includes the subspecies W. v. nigrigula.
 Terebra doellojuradoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Hurryoff (foaled 1930 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the third leg of the 1933 U.S. Triple Crown series. He was bred and raced by Joseph Widener owner of the prestigious Elmendorf Farm in Lexington Kentucky and president of Belmont Park and Hialeah Park racetracks. Hurryoff was sired by Withers Stakes winner Haste. He was out of the mare Blue Glass who was also the dam of Unbreakable who sired Polynesian.
 Leucanopsis nonagrioides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Venezuela Peru Brazil and Paraguay.
 The Pickerelweed Borer Moth (Bellura densa) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Maryland to southern Florida west to Indiana and Louisiana.The wingspan is 35–50 mm. Adults have brown to tan forewings and a reniform spot which is partly filled with orange. Adults are on wing from June to August in two generations in the southern part of the range.The larvae feed on various wetland plants including Typha Pontederia and Eichhornia species.
 Eupithecia oroba is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico and Panama.The fore- and hindwings are pale fawn-colour each crossed by fine indistinct waved brown lines.
 Chaetocneme denitza commonly known as the Ornate Dusk-flat is a butterfly of the Skipper (Hesperiidae) family endemic to Australia.
 The Puerto Rican Vireo (Vireo latimeri) a bird is a small true vireo endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of the 31 species belonging to the Vireo genus of the Vireonidae family. Its local name is bien-te-veo (see-you-well after the call) not to be confused with the unrelated Bienteveo tyrant flycatcher which is found elsewhere.The Puerto Rican Vireo has a gray head a white breast and a yellowish belly.
 Tetragonoderus leprieurii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Gory in 1833.
 The Galapagos garden eel (Heteroconger klausewitzi) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt and Friedmann Köster in 1983 originally under the genus Taenioconger. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from the eastern central and southeastern Pacific Ocean including Colombia Costa Rica the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador and Panama.
 Orpecacantha burmanni is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Cellana ornata is a species of true limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Rotaovula septemmacula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Gongropteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eois pyrauges is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 Neeressa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Tillomorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tillomorpha lineoligera Blanchard in Gay 1851 Tillomorpha myrmicaria Fairmaire & Germain 1859↑
 Odax pullus the greenbone or butterfish is a species of weed whiting found around New Zealand and also probably found around Australia. It inhabits shallow rocky areas with brown algae growth mainly Carpophyllum upon which it grazes. This species can reach a length of 40 centimetres (16 in) SL and has been recorded as reaching 1.5 kilograms (3.3 lb). It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Jocara tenebrosa is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Saksenaeaceae are a family of fungi in the order Mucorales.
 Plutographa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Actiomera is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Actiomera boninensis (Odhner 1925) Actiomera erythra (Lanchester 1902) Actiomera lophopa (Alcock 1898)↑
 Homopyralis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Teratornis was a huge North American teratorn bird of prey. It is the best-known of the teratorns. A large number of fossil and subfossil bones representing more than 100 individuals have been found in locations in California southern Nevada Arizona and Florida though most are from the Californian La Brea Tar Pits.
 Archithosia rhyparodactyla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Liphistius batuensis is a species of trapdoor spider from Malaysia. It is thought to be restricted to the Batu Caves near Kuala Lumpur. It was first collected by H. C. Abraham in 1923 and has been described as a living fossil.Adults build a nest which is 40–50 millimetres (1.6–2.0 in) long with an opening some 22 millimetres (0.9 in) wide from which six to ten strands of silk radiate out 12.5–15 centimetres (5–6 in) in a semicircle.
 Mono's short-tailed bat (Carollia monohernandezi) is a long-nosed bat species from South America found in Colombia and Panama. Specimens have been collected in habitats ranging from dry to tropical rain forest at elevations ranging from 30 to 2660 m.
 The Cream-bellied Munia or Cream-bellied Mannikin (Lonchura pallidiventer) is a bird of the family Estrildidae. It was described as new to science by Restall (1996) but is considered a hybrid by van Balen (1998) and Dickinson (2003) and this treatment is followed by the BirdLife Taxonomic Working Group and it is not recognised by BirdLife International or the IOC. It is found only in Indonesia.
 Peking Man (Chinese: 北京猿人; pinyin: Běijīng Yuánrén) Homo erectus pekinensis is an example of Homo erectus. A group of fossil specimens was discovered in 1923–27 during excavations at Zhoukoudian (Chou K'ou-tien) near Beijing (written Peking before the adoption of the Pinyin romanization system) China.
 Caecum varanoi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Afrivoluta pringlei commonly known as the pringle's marginella is a species of large deepwater sea snail with a glossy shell a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Marginellidae the marginellids. This species is endemic to South Africa and it is found south-east of Cape Recife in a depth of 220 m. Specimens have been found off Algoa Bay and Jeffreys Bay. Tomlin called the genus Afrivoluta and the genotype pringlei after the director of the Port Elizabeth Museum and Snake Park.
 Centromochlus is a genus consisting of driftwood catfishes native to South America.
 Pseudaletis zebra the Zebra Fantasy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Calpurnus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Scutellastra peronii is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Cheilosia is a genus of hoverfly. Most Cheilosia are black or largely un-coloured lacking the bright colours and patterns of many hoverfly species. It is one of the most species diverse genera of hoverflies. The biology of many species is little understood but where known the larvae of Cheilosia species feed in the stems of plants or in fungi.
 The Sulphur-billed Nuthatch (Sitta oenochlamys) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Obeliscus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
 Purpuricenus laetus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.
 Lyria russjenseni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Seleucia semirosella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Croatia and Greece.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Pigritia biatomella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in the West Indies.
 Tomoxia inundata is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Wickham in 1914.
 The Piloceratidae are a compressed rapidly expanding cyrtoconic brevicones with holochoanitic ventral siphuncles and simple endocones. Most likely evolved from Clitendoceras a narrow slightly endogastric genus intermediate in form between straight shelled Proendoceras and the bulkier Piloceratidae. Found in shallow carbonate marine sediments of Demingian through the Cassinian age (essentially Arenigian = early Middle -Upper Canadian) .
 Boulengerina is a genus of elapid snakes known commonly as water cobras so named because of their semi-aquatic nature. The genus was recognised to have two species which are found in central and southern Africa.
 Lepidochrysops caerulea is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Calliteara flavobrunnea is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1969. It is found on Fiji.
 Emerita rathbunae is a species of mole crab or sand crab in the genus Emerita that lives along the tropical Pacific coasts of the Americas.
 Diopatra is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Onuphidae.
 Acremodonta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ataphridae.The radula of species in this genus have very long and narrow teeth and dendritic cusps that are repeatedly divided.
 The gray fox (Urocyon cinereoargenteus) is a mammal of the order Carnivora ranging throughout most of the southern half of North America from southern Canada to the northern part of South America (Venezuela and Colombia). This species and the closely related Channel Island fox (Urocyon littoralis) are the only living members of the genus Urocyon which is considered to be among the most primitive of the living canids.
 Pygmodeon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pygmodeon andreae (Germar 1824) Pygmodeon boreale Martins 1971 Pygmodeon buscki (Linsley 1935) Pygmodeon cribripenne (Bates 1880) Pygmodeon ditelum (Bates 1872) Pygmodeon excelsum Martins & Napp 1986 Pygmodeon involutum (Bates 1870) Pygmodeon latevittatum (Bates 1885) Pygmodeon m-littera (Martins 1962) Pygmodeon mutabile (Melzer 1935) Pygmodeon obtusum (Bates 1874) Pygmodeon puniceum Martins 1970 Pygmodeon staurotum Martins 1970 Pygmodeon validicorne (Bates 1885)↑
 Americominella perminuta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Caeneressa syntomoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Forrer's grass frog Rana forreri is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes urban areas heavily degraded former forests water storage areas aquaculture ponds seasonally flooded agricultural land and canals and ditches.
 Anodonthyla pollicaris is a species of microhylid frog. This frog was discovered in Madagascar
 Scythris fasciatella is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It is found on the Canary Islands and in Spain.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Bivetiella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Bucculatrix epibathra is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in India.
 Macrocalcara is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Rhinophis dorsimaculatus commonly known as the polka-dot earth snake is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family. It is endemic to the scrub jungles of Sri Lanka.
 Mydaea setifemur is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 Cytothymia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chloroclystis solidifascia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Seram.
 The Canadian Tiger Swallowtail (Papilio canadensis) is a species of the Papilionidae family. It was once classified as a subspecies of Papilio glaucus.
 The Hedge Cupid (Bothrinia chennelli) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Cypa claggi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.The length of the forewings is about 25 mm. The pattern is similar to Cypa ferruginea and the colour to Cypa decolor decolor. The forewing upperside is much lighter than the underside but the hindwing upperside is much darker than the underside.
 Homilopscocidea is an infraorder of Psocoptera. It is probably a paraphyletic group still in use for lack of a better solution.
 Leioproctus is a genus in the plaster bee family Colletidae. Its members are primarily found in Australasia and temperate South America and include the most common native bees in New Zealand. It contains the following species:
 The tufted gray langur (Semnopithecus priam) is an Old World monkey one of the species of langurs. This like other gray langurs is a leaf-eating monkey. It is found in southeast India and Sri Lanka. It is one of several Semnopithecus species named after characters from The Iliad along with Semnopithecus hector and Semnopithecus ajax.
 The Megascolecidae are a large family of earthworms which has native representatives in Australia New Zealand Southeast and East Asia and North America. The most ancient lineages of the family show a Gondwanan distribution and have been used as evidence of continental drift. Members of the Pheretima group of genera (e.g. Amynthas) are widely distributed around the tropics much as some Lumbricidae are distributed through the temperate zones. Some North American native genera – e.g.
 Da' Tara (foaled April 26 2005) is an American thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2008 Belmont Stakes in an upset over Big Brown. Da' Tara was a 38-1 underdog entering the post at Belmont. He is trained by Nick Zito his jockey is Alan Garcia and his sire is Tiznow.
 Red List Category & Criteria:	 Near ThreatenedThe Bahaman funnel-eared bat (Chilonatalus tumidifrons) is a species of bat in the family Natalidae. This bat is endemic to the Bahamas in the northeastern Caribbean. It first been discovered by Miller in 1903. Their category list and criteria is near threatened. the justification of their extent is due to the their bad habitant circumstances.
 Big Truck (foaled 2005 in New York- March 4 2010) was an American Thoroughbred Racehorse.
 The Grass Emerald (Pseudoterpna pruinata) is a moth species that is fairly common throughout Great Britain with the exception of northern Scotland. It can be found in such habitats as heathland moorland and commons where its larvae feed on broom gorse and petty whin.
 Lycinus quilicura is a mygalomorph spider of Chile named after its type locality: Quilicura Región Metropolitana. The species is distinguished from others in the genus by its distinctly long embolus.
 Cardioglossa pulchra is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ixylasia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Brown-bellied Antwren (Epinecrophylla gutturalis) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It was formerly placed in the genus Myrmotherula.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Vespidae are a large (nearly 5000 species) diverse cosmopolitan family of wasps including nearly all the known eusocial wasps (such as Polistes annularis) and many solitary wasps. Each social wasp colony includes a queen and a number of female workers with varying degrees of sterility relative to the queen. In temperate social species colonies usually only last one year dying at the onset of winter.
 Toanopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Emesa is a small genus of thread-legged bug (Emesinae). Only four species have been described.
 Paraliomera is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Paraliomera dispar (Stimpson 1871) Paraliomera longimana (A. Milne Edwards 1865) Paraliomera macandreae (Miers 1881)↑
 Vertigo lilljeborgi is a species of minute land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 Paradoxopla is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Spermophorides huberti is a cellar spider species found in Spain and France.
 Polypoetes nigribasalis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Eugnosta telemacana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).The wingspan is about 20 mm. The ground colour of the posterior portion of the wing is snow white with grey lines and costal spots. The hindwings are brownish with dark brown diffuse strigulation.
 Hesudra is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Ateuchus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea. Charles Darwin described the Ateuchus as sacred beetle of the Egyptians.
 The southern driftfish or ragfish Icichthys australis is a medusafish of the genus Icichthys found around the world in all southern oceans between latitudes 50° S and 60° S from the surface down to 2000 m. Its length is from 35 to 80 cm.
 The least gerbil Gerbillus pusillus is distributed mainly in southern Sudan southwestern Ethiopia Kenya and Tanzania.
 The Madagascan Serpent Eagle Serpentaire de Madagascar or Culebrera Azor (Eutriorchis astur) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It is placed in the monotypic genus Eutriorchis.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyposmocoma suffusella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Molokai and Maui.The larvae feed on Pipturus. The larva is known to be a case-maker.
 Arta bichordalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Arta. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Brazil.
 Chinook Pass (April 28 1979 – June 1 2010) was an American Champion thoroughbred racehorse. He was noted for his performances over sprint distances and was voted American Champion Sprint Horse in 1983.
 The smallthorn sandskate (Psammobatis rudis) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is found in Argentina and Chile. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Oxylides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members are Afrotropical. The genus was erected by Jacob Hübner c. 1819
 Opsilia irakensis is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family which are native to Iraq.
 The Boland Sandman (Spialia sataspes) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in South Africa in Fynbos in the western Cape and along the mountain chains of the northern Cape and along the coast to the Port Elizabeth in the eastern Cape and inland to Bedford and Grahamstown.The wingspan is 21–26 mm for males and 24–28 mm for females.
 Heliothis tergemina is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including Brazil.The larvae feed on various solanaceaeous plants.
 Triaxomera fulvimitrella the Four-spotted Clothes moth is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland the Iberian Peninsula Italy Slovenia and most of the Balkan Peninsula. The habitat consists of woodlands.The wingspan is 15–22 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed in dead wood or on bracket fungi (including Inonotus radiatus and Piptoporus betulinus) especially those growing on Fagus and Quercus species.
 The Arizona Clearwing Moth (Carmenta auritincta) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Engelhardt in 1925. It is known from south-eastern Arizona and northern Mexico.
 Bondia nigella is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Newman in 1856. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the eastern part of the country and Tasmania.
 Tirumala is an old world genus of butterflies.One species extends to Australia.
 Shahtoush (foaled 29 April 1995) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Epsom Oaks in 1998. In a racing career which lasted from August 1997 to September 1998 the filly ran eleven times times and won three races. Shahtoush won only one minor race as a two-year-old but showed top-class form when she finished third in the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes.
 The masked hamlet (Hypoplectrus providencianus) is a species of fish in the Serranidae family. Although previously reported to be endemic to Colombia it has recently been observed on the southside reefs of Little Cayman Island.
 Cyclotorna monocentra is a moth of the Cyclotornidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Capropygia unistriata the Black-banded pygmy boxfish is a species of deepwater boxfish found in the waters over the continental shelf off the southern coast of Australia. It can be found at depths of from 60 to 200 metres (200 to 660 ft). This species grows to a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Dichagyris spissilinea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the region of southern Siberia and Mongolia.
 Arachnura melanura also known as black tail spider and drag tail spider is a species of spider in the family Araneidae. It ranges from India to Japan to Sulawesi. It camouflages itself by mimicking dead leaves and twigs to lure its prey.
 Clarkeulia expedita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Cothresia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cothresia baleensis Basilewsky 1974 Cothresia clarkeiana Basilewsky 1974 Cothresia curta Jeannel 1964 Cothresia humeralis (Jeannel 1930) Cothresia minuta Basilewsky 1974 Cothresia robini Basilewsky 1974 Cothresia rotundicollis Basilewsky 1974 Cothresia rougemonti Basilewsky 1975 Cothresia scitula (Peringuey 1896) Cothresia tabulae (Peringuey 1899)↑
 Lipoptena cervi the deer ked or deer fly is a species of biting fly in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. These flies are commonly encountered in temperate areas of Europe Siberia and Northern China. It has been introduced to North America. They are parasites of elk deer and other bovine animals burrowing through the fur and sucking the blood of the host animals. L. cervi is relatively small adults usually being 5–7 millimetres (0.20–0.28 in) in length and are brownish in colour.
 Exbourne is a village and civil parish in the English county of Devon. It lies in West Devon about 5 miles north of Okehampton. It lies in a primarily agricultural location and the local parish council represents both Exbounre and nearby Jacobstowe.There is a Church of England Primary School which has three classes with about sixty children on roll.
 Silurolepis platydorsalis is the as yet only Silurian-aged antiarch placoderm that has been described from (mostly) articulated remains. Although it has been known for several years it was finally described by Zhang et al in 2010. The earliest described placoderm is the yunnanolepid antiarch Shimenolepis from Llandovery Hunan. In contrast to S.
 Zoramia is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 The Northern Hawk-Owl (Surnia ulula) or Northern Hawk-Owl in North America is a non-migratory owl that usually stays within its breeding range though it sometimes irrupts southward. It is one of the few owls that is neither nocturnal nor crepuscular. This is the only living species in the genus Surnia of the family Strigidae the typical owls (as opposed to barn owls Tytonidae).
 Olivella spreta is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Dolichomia is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Phycitinae. It was described by Ragonot in 1891. It is mostly treated as a synonym of Hypsopygia or Herculia which in turn is also mostly treated as a synonym of Hypsopygia. Others sources retain it as a valid genus however.
 Anoratha costalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in northern India.The wingspan is 52–54 mm. The forewings have a dark reddish brown ground colour. The species exhibits sexual dimorphism in both shape and colour. Males have narrowerwings and a relatively straight outer margin forming a sharp and fine pointed apex. The forewings of the females are broader. The apex is also fine pointed but the outer margin is curved outwards.
 Acrolophus signatus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The red sea urchin Mesocentrotus franciscanus (syn. Strongylocentrotus franciscanus) is a sea urchin found in the Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California. It lives in shallow waters from the low-tide line to 90 m (300 ft) deep and is typically found on rocky shores sheltered from extreme wave action.[citation needed]
 The Bartle Frere skink (Techmarscincus jigurru) is a rare and endangered skink lizard first discovered in 1981. This skink is agile and energetic. It has a rainbow sheen color. Their bodies are long and flat with short limbs and a very long tail. The Bartle Frere is only seen out and basking during the day. A night the skink retreats back into the cracks in the exposed granite. The Bartle Frere skink tolerates juveniles in the same area as most skinks do not.
 The green-head ant Rhytidoponera metallica often simply referred to as the green ant or sometimes the green-headed ant or the metallic pony ant is a metallic-green coloured ant generally 5–7 millimetres (0.20–0.28 in) in length that can be found throughout Australia particularly in urban and suburban areas.
 Anatrachyntis japonica is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It was described by Kuroko in 1982 and is known from Japan.
 Merolonche is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Melanoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cochlespira elegans common name the elegant star turrid is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Vexillum cithara is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Serratovolva luteocincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Anthracobune (Coal mound) is an extinct genus of an early proboscidean from the middle Eocene of the Upper Kuldana Formation of Kohat Punjab Pakistan.The size of a small tapir it lived in a marshy environment and fed on soft aquatic plants. It is the largest known anthracobunid.
 Nevacolima is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Neunzig in 1994.
 Cerithiopsis io is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Dall and Paul Bartsch in 1911.
 Orthis striatula is an extinct Brachiopoda. The fossils are present in the middle Devonian.
 The Whitedisc Hedge Blue (Cyaniris albidisca) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Problepsis vulgaris is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Asia including India and Thailand.
 The King Quail (Coturnix chinensis) also known as the Button Quail Chinese Painted Quail Chun-chi Asian Blue Quail or Blue-breasted Quail is in the same family as the pheasants Phasianidae of the order Galliformes gallinaceous birds. These birds all have a distinctly larger breast-bone than other birds with more muscle surrounding the area. This is why they are hunted for their meat.This species is the smallest true quail and is quite common in aviculture worldwide.
 Griswold's Ameiva (Ameiva griswoldi) is a species of lizard in the genus Ameiva. It is endemic to the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda where it is found on both islands. It is also known as the Antiguan Ameiva or the Antiguan Ground Lizard.It is common on Barbuda and more common on the offshore islands of Antigua than on that main island. Populations on Barbuda are dark brown with irregular cream-colored splotches.
 Labidochromis pallidus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around the Maleri Islands and around Thumbi West Island. This species can reach a length of 6.7 centimetres (2.6 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The gold tegu also known as golden tegu common tegu black tegu and Colombian tegu is a species of tegu. Its old scientific name (synonym) was Tupinambis nigropunctatus but it has since renamed to Tupinambis teguixin. Gold tegus grow to be approximately 2 to 3 feet (60 to 100 cm) on average and up to 3.5 to 4 kg in weight with a glossy body powerful limbs and a thick tail. They have many black and gold stripes down their body.
 Udea stellata is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Neraudia melastomaefolia and Pipturus albidus. The caterpillars are pale whitish-green. They feed on the underside of the leaves. When small they feed singly often in a groove or unevenness of the surface or beside a rib or vein and are protected by a web. Older caterpillars are found in folded over leaf margins.
 Gymnelia latimarginata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Colombia.
 Sevenia umbrina the Ochreous Tree Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Ethiopia western Kenya western Tanzania and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of forests forest margins and riparian vegetation.Adults are attracted to fermenting fruit.
 Carychium is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae.
 Palaeoloxodon mnaidriensis or Elephas mnaidriensis is an extinct species of elephant from Sicily closely related to the modern Asian elephant. This elephant is a separate species with respect to the European mainland straight-tusked elephant (Palaeoloxodon antiquus) and not just a smaller insular form.
 Semljicola is a spider genus in the family Linyphiidae.
 Typhlodromina is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Libytheana is a genus of nymphalid butterflies in the snout butterfly subfamily Libytheinae.Libytheana carinenta (Cramer 1777) is found in both North and South America and the other species in the genus are restricted to the Caribbean.
 The Hodgson's Frogmouth (Batrachostomus hodgsoni) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.The common name commemorates the British naturalist Brian Houghton Hodgson.
 Polyptychoides vuattouxi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sierra Leone Ivory Coast and Ghana.
 Amolops monticola is a species of frog found in Asia. The species range includes the northeastern parts of India Nepal and Tibet China. The primary habitat is temperate forests and wetlands especially shaded stream rapids at elevations of 850–2350m. This frog lays eggs in stone crevices along the edges of streams and on aquatic plants. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Günther's Dwarf Burrowing Skink (Scelotes guentheri) is a species of skink in the family Scincidae. It is found only in South Africa.
 Mitromorpha senegalensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 The Alder Moth (Acronicta alni) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe (from southern Fennoscandia to Spain Italy and the Balkans) Turkey the European part of Russia and the neighbouring countries the Caucasus the Ural southern Siberia Transbaikalia the Russian Far East (Primorye Sakhalin southern Kuriles Khabarovsk and the Amur region) China Japan (Hokkaido and Honshu) and the Korean Peninsula.				The wingspan is 33–38 mm.
 Garra findolabium is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Damias fuliginosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The yellow-spotted salamander (Pseudohynobius flavomaculatus) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China where it is known from Nanchuan in Chongqing (formerly Sichuan) Suiyang in Guizhou Lichuan in Hubei and Sangzhi in Hunan Province. However genetic methods have revealed cryptic species within the Liua–Pseudohynobius complex and the actual distribution of yellow-spotted salamander is turning out to be different.
 Simnia patriciae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Tawny Owl or Brown Owl (Strix aluco) is a stocky medium-sized owl commonly found in woodlands across much of Eurasia. Its underparts are pale with dark streaks and the upperparts are either brown or grey. Several of the eleven recognised subspecies have both variants. The nest is typically in a tree hole where it can protect its eggs and young against potential predators. This owl is non-migratory and highly territorial.
 Pararchytas is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Oenopota undata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.This is a nomen dubium.
 Digitonthophagus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Bromius obscurus (also called the Brown and Black Beetle) is a species of beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in the United States and wide parts of Europe. The colour of the species is black and brown.
 Zelleria citrina is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 Phaeochlaena hazara is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil Ecuador Peru and French Guiana.The species is part of the tiger stripe mimicry complex and mimics Ithomia iphianassa Stalachtis calliope and Chetone histrio.
 Pachygrapsus crassipes known as the striped shore crab or lined shore crab is a small crab found on rocky and hard-mud shores of the west coast of North to Central America and in the western Pacific in Korea and Japan. In North America its range spans from Vancouver Island to Baja California Mexico. The Asiatic population appears to not be invasive but endemic resulting from a divergence estimated between 0.8 to 1.2 Mya.
 The white-footed climbing mouse Rhipidomys leucodactylus is a South American rodent species found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.
 Pollanisus subdolosa is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Victoria and from south-eastern Queensland to New South Wales.The length of the forewings is 7.5-10.5 mm for males and 7-8 mm for females. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Hibbertia scandens.
 Atta cephalotes is one of 41 species of leafcutter ant. This species is part of the Attini tribe (the fungus-growing ants). A single colony of ants can contain up to 5 million members and each colony has one queen that can live more than 15 years. The colony comprises different castes known as ‘task partitioning’ and each caste has a different job to do.
 Jackknife clam refers to several species of the genus Ensis and Solen in the family Solenidae found on Atlantic and Pacific beaches of temperate North America and elsewhere. All have thin highly elongate and curved shells. These clams are often collected for food. Ensis minor can grow up to 17 cm. in length. It is white sometimes with reddish-brown markings.Species include Ensis directusEnsis minorEnsis myraeSolen viridisSolen sicarius
 See Notional amount or Notional profit for economic terms	Notional (born February 1 2004 in California) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by In Excess and out of the mare Truly Blessed. His damsire French Deputy is a son of the 1997/98 Leading sire in North America Deputy Minister.Notional is trained by Doug O'Neill for owner J. Paul Reddam who also have three-year-olds Great Hunter and Liquidity in their stable.
 The hoary bat (Lasiurus cinereus) is a species of bat in the vesper bat family Vespertilionidae. It occurs throughout most of North America and much of South America with disjunct populations in the Galápagos Islands. The Hawaiian hoary bat (ssp. semotus) an endangered subspecies is endemic to Hawaii. The hoary bat averages 13 to 14.5 cm (5 to 5.7 in) long with a 40 cm (15.7 in) wingspan and a weight of 26 g (0.9 oz). It is the largest bat normally found in Canada.
 Parbattia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Microchirus is a genus of soles native to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Tinissa cinerascens is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in New Guinea and surrounding islands and from the coasts of Queensland.The larvae probably feed on fungi growing on trees in forests.
 Pandinus magrettii is a species of scorpion native to Africa.
 Jocara subfusca is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Ligidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Abaciscus paucisignata is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Warren in 1899. It is known from Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.The habitat consists of alluvial forest lower montane forest and lowland dipterocarp forest.
 Pseudosetia azorica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The False Dewy Ringlet (Erebia sthennyo) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae. It is found in the Pyrenees in Spain and France. In Spain it is found in the central Pyrenees in Puerto de Portalet Monte Perdido and Puerto de Benasque in France it is found from Pic du Midi d'Ossau to Pic du Midi de Bigorre and Luchon as well as from Port de Salau to Andorra. It is found on heights from 1800 meters upwards.The wingspan is 40-44 mm.
 Pleurotomella ecphora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Dice's cottontail (Sylvilagus dicei) is a species of cottontail rabbit in the family Leporidae. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama in páramo and cloud forest habitats.
 Cyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl within the family Mastodonsauridae. It was of great size for an amphibian reaching 3–4.3 m (9–14 ft) in length with an elongated 70 cm (28 in) skull.
 The Anise Moth (Depressaria daucivorella) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France Switzerland Austria Italy and on Cyprus. It has also been recorded from Israel and Turkey.The wingspan is about 23 mm.The larvae feed on Laserpitium species including Laserpitium siler and Laserpitium halleri as well as Pimpinella anisum.
 Eugnosta subsynaetera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Goias).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy somewhat tinged with pale ochreous and with large pearl white areas in the dorsal and terminal parts of the wing.
 Common names: blue-sided leaf frog blue-sided tree frog and orange-eyed leaf frogAgalychnis annae is an endangered tree frog of the Hylidae family native to Costa Rica and Panama.
 Arene riisei is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Areneidae.
 The Uluguru bushbaby (Galago orinus) is a species of primate in the Galagidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Oligoryzomys moojeni is a species of rodent from South America in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae. It is known only from central Brazil where it is found in the cerrado and gallery forests. It is named after twentieth-century Brazilian zoologist João Moojen. Its karyotype has 2n = 70 and FNa = 84.
 Ancistrobasis depressa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Macroleter is an extinct genus of reptile which existed in Oklahoma and Russia during the upper Permian period. It was a quite generalized primitive reptile in many ways resembling their amphibian ancestors. It was first named by paleontologists Tverdochlebova and Ivachnenko in 1984. According to classification by Michel Laurin and Robert R. Reisz the genus is a pararetile belonging to the same branch as Millerettidae Procolophonidae and other generalized anapsid reptiles.
 The Jungleking Thauria lathyi Frühstorfer 1902 is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Eupithecia senorita is a moth in the Geometridae family that can be found in France and Spain.
 Balaenotus is an extinct genus of cetacean from the Pliocene of Belgium.
 Dichomeris antiloxa is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1931. It is known from the Sichuan and Jiangsu provinces in China.
 The Spot-breasted Scimitar Babbler (Pomatorhinus mcclellandi) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family.It is found in India and Myanmar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cawston's Pride (1968 – 2 June 1976) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In 1970 she was unbeaten in eight races including the Queen Mary Stakes Molecomb Stakes Lowther Stakes and Cornwallis Stakes and was recognised as the outstanding juvenile filly of her generation. After winning Britain's first ever Group race the Ascot 1000 Guineas Trial on her debut as a three-year-old she developed temperament problems and was beaten when favourite for the 1000 Guineas.
 Marimatha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gobiodon acicularis the Needlespine Coral Goby is a species of goby native to the western central Pacific Ocean where it is an inhabitant of tropical coral reefs and eelgrass beds from Indonesia to Palau. It grows to a length of 3.9 centimetres (1.5 in) SL.
 Pholisora catullus (the Common Sootywing or Roadside Rambler) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from the central parts of the United States south to central Mexico. Strays may colonizes up to southern British Columbia northern Michigan southern Quebec and southern Maine. It is not found on Peninsular Florida.The wingspan is 25-33 mm.
 Millepora alcicornis or sea ginger is a species of colonial fire coral with a calcareous skeleton. It is found on shallow water coral reefs in the tropical west Atlantic Ocean. It shows a variety of different morphologies depending on its location. It feeds on plankton and derives part of its energy requirements from microalgae found within its tissues. It is an important member of the reef building community and subject to the same threats as other corals.
 Hemitoma cumingii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Canarium maculatum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Leptotrophon bernadettae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Woolly-headed Spiny Tree-rat (Mesomys leniceps) is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae. It is endemic to Peru.
 Bronchocela jubata or more commonly known as the maned forest lizard is an agamid lizard found mainly in Indonesia on the islands of Singkep Java Bali Sulawesi Karakelang Salibabu; Nias Island Singkap Island Borneo (Kalimantan) also in Thailand Cambodia and Philippines. Although in the past it was thought the species may be found in India either on the mainland or in the Nicobars this is not the case according to herpetologist Indraneil Das.
 Achaearanea is a genus of spiders in the Theridiidae (tangle web spider) family.
 Platynereis is a genus of marine annelid worm.
 Ophelimus maskelli is a species of chalcid wasp.
 Megaelosia lutzae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Trichoplites is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Palaina platycheilus is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Cubotinea are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Cubotinea orghidani which is found on Cuba.
 Paragalerhinus is an extinct genus of Gorgonopsia. It was first named by Sigogneau in 1970 and contains one species P. rubidgei.
 Pseudathyma falcata the Falcate False Sergeant is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Ivory Coast Ghana Togo and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males mud puddle.
 Clathrina angraensis is a species of the genus Clathrina from Brazil. The species epithet refers to Angra dos Reis the Portuguese name for the Botinas Islands
 Stigmella nireae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Hokkaido in Japan.The larvae feed on Ulmus davidiana var. japonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long and narrow gallery. It is much contorted and irregular. The frass is thin and is deposited in a linear fashion occupying less than one fifth of the width of the mine except in the first part in which the frass occupies almost the whole width of the track.
 Graphium policenoides is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wet forests in good condition.
 Oreoglanis siamensis the Siamese bat catfish is a species of sisorid catfish in the Sisoridae endemic to Thailand where it is found in the Chao Phraya and Mekong River basins. This species grows to a length of 14.0 centimetres (5.5 in) SL.
 Turbonilla boucheti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hypobapta barnardi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Queensland New South Wales South Australia and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are grey with two jagged black lines across each forewing and one across each hindwing.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus odorata.
 The Large Silverstripe ( Childrena childreni) is a species nymphalid butterfly was first described by Gray in 1831. Also known as the Himalayan Fritillary it is found in mountainous areas from Northeastern India into China. Its wingspan is 8–9 centimetres (3.1–3.5 in). The forewings are predominantly orange with black spots while the hindwings are brown with a blue margin with many white stripes.
 The naked-nosed shrew tenrec (Microgale gymnorhyncha) is a species of mammal in the Tenrecidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 African tetras (family Alestidae formerly spelled Alestiidae) are a group of Characiformes fish exclusively found in Africa. This family contains about 18 genera and 110 species.Among the best known members are the Congo tetra and African tigerfish.
 Skyline was a notable Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who was the best three-year-old of his year. He was a bay or brown stallion foaled in 1955 by the champion sire Star Kingdom (IRE) from Flight’s Daughter by Helios (GB) from Flight by Royal Step.
 Trachysalambria curvirostris (formerly Trachypenaeus curvirostris) is a species of prawn that lives in shallow waters of the Indo-West Pacific. It is one of the most important species targeted by prawn fishery with annual harvests of more than 300000 t mostly landed in China.
 The Yellow-hooded Blackbird (Chrysomus icterocephalus) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family. It is found in grassy and brush areas near water in northern South America and is generally fairly common. It is sexually dimorphic and the genders resemble the respective genders of the larger Yellow-headed Blackbird of North America though the male Yellow-hooded Blackbird lacks white in the wings.
 Homalopteroides wassinkii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homalopteroides.
 The Hermit (Chazara briseis) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in North Africa Southern Europe Asia Minor the Caucasus Kazakhstan Middle Asia through Afghanistan and North-Western China and Tuva.The wingspan is 45–60 mm. The butterflies fly from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Sesleria coerulea and Gramineae Sesleria Festuca Stipa Poa Brachypodium and Lolium species.
 Plocamopherus indicus is a species of sea slug a nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.
 The Madeira Firecrest Madeira Kinglet or Madeiracrest (Regulus madeirensis) is a very small passerine bird endemic to the island of Madeira. It is a member of the kinglet family. Before it was recognised as a separate species in 2003 it was classified as a subspecies of the Common Firecrest. It differs in appearance and vocalisations from its relative and genetic analysis has confirmed it as a different species.
 Anomoeotes nigrivenosus is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa.
 This article is for the moth genus. For the ancient Athenian general see Alexicles (general).Alexicles is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Alexicles aspersa the Alexicles Moth which is found in New Mexico and Arizona.The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults are on wing in June.
 Sulcospira is a genus of freshwater snails which have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pachychilidae.
 Danilia affinis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Eliurus carletoni (synonymous with Eliurus sp. SAJ-2009a) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. First described in 2009 it is commonly known as the Ankarana Special Reserve tufted-tailed rat. It is endemic to Madagascar.
 Anthidium weyrauchi is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Loxa viridis is a species of the Pentatomidae family.Due to the size of the Hemiptera stubs category they have been further sub-divided into suborder templates. Please use the correct stub tag for each article as listed below: For Auchenorrhyncha stubs‎ use Auchenorrhyncha-stub For Heteroptera stubs‎‎ use Heteroptera-stub For Sternorrhyncha stubs‎‎ use Sternorrhyncha-stub
 The plush-coated ringtail possum or golden ringtail possum (Pseudochirops corinnae) is a species of marsupial in the Pseudocheiridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Peters' elephantnose fish (Gnathonemus petersii; syn. Gnathonemus brevicaudatus Pellegrin 1919 Mormyrus petersii Günther 1862) is an African freshwater elephantfish in the genus Gnathonemus. Other names in English include elephantnose fish long-nosed elephant fish and Ubangi mormyrid after the Ubangi River.
 Finsch's Imperial Pigeon (Ducula finschii) is a bird species in the family Columbidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Formerly classified as a Species of Least Concern by the IUCN it was suspected to be rarer than generally assumed.
 Parornix texanella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Texas).
 Cydia storeella is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Maui. It is known only from a single female and is possibly extinct. It might also be just a form of Cydia plicatum.
 Amplypterus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Nebria punctatostiata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain.
 Etanna clopaea is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Australia including Queensland.Adults are brown with light and dark wavy markings on the forewings.
 Clepsicosma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Hilarographa druidica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Bombay).
 Tolliella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Acrosticta rufiventris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Aethalopteryx masai is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Orhantarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Lesser Sundaland: Lombok and Flores.
 Leptobrachium gunungense (also known as the Asian Litter Frog) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Anchitheriinae are an extinct subfamily of the Perissodactyla family Equidae the same family which includes modern horses zebras and donkeys. This subfamily is more primitive then the living members of the family. The group first appeared with Mesohippus in North America during the middle Eocene and thrived until the late Miocene. The subfamily continued in Eurasia with the genus Sinohippus until the early Pliocene when it finally went extinct.
 The Safflower Skipper (Pyrgus carthami) butterfly is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It is a widespread species of continental Europe but is absent from northern France the Netherlands the British Isles and Scandinavia[citation needed]. It frequents meadows and other grassy places and in some parts of its range is fairly common.The wingspan is 30–34 mm the female being on average slightly larger than the male.
 Strictispira solida is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.
 Ocypode convexa commonly known as the golden ghost crab or alternatively the western ghost crab or yellow ghost crab is a species of ghost crabs endemic to the coast of Western Australia from Broome to Perth. They are relatively large ghost crabs with a carapace growing up to 45 mm (1.8 in) long and 52 mm (2.0 in) wide. They are easily recognisable by their golden yellow colouration. Like other ghost crabs they have box-like bodies with unequally sized claws.
 The Arabian jird (Meriones arimalius) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Oman Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
 Pseudozaena is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudozaena orientalis Klug 1834 Pseudozaena tricostata (Montrouzier 1855)↑
 Brotia testudinaria is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.
 Aseptis paviae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-western Oregon and California.
 Typhlocypris cavicola is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Candonidae. It is endemic to Slovenia where it is only known from Krška Jama.
 Neofriseria kuznetzovae is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Moldova Ukraine and Russia (the southern Ural and southern Siberia: Altai Tuva and Tomsk oblast).
 Lepidunca is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Saphenista phenax is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Amphidon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation. It is present in stratigraphic zone 5. The only species in the genus is Amphidon aequicrurius found by Simpson in 1925.
 Hellinsia monteverda is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The wingspan is 23 mm. The forewings are ochreous with brown markings. The hindwings and fringes are brown‑grey. Adults are on wing in October.
 The Mexican funnel-eared bat Natalus stramineus is a bat species from the northern Lesser Antilles. The related species N. espiritosantensis (formerly known as Natalus stramineus ssp. espiritosantensis) is present in Brazil.
 Paracanthurus hepatus is a species of Indo-Pacific surgeonfish. A popular fish in marine aquaria it is the only member of the genus Paracanthurus. A number of common names are attributed to the species including regal tang palette surgeonfish blue tang (leading to confusion with the Atlantic Acanthurus coeruleus) royal blue tang hippo tang flagtail surgeonfish Pacific regal blue tang and blue surgeonfish.
 The Multicoloured Tanager (Chlorochrysa nitidissima) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trachyderini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Aegoidus Aethecerinus Allocera Allopeplus Amannus Amphionthe Ancylocera Ancylosternus Andrachydes Andraegoidus Assycuera Athetesis Axestoleus Batus Batyle Callancyla Callona Ceragenia Ceralocyna Cercoptera Cervilissa Charinotes Chemsakia Chemsakiella Chevrolatella Chlorotherion Chydarteres Cosmocerus Crioprosopus Crossidius Cryptobias Ctenodes Cyphosterna Deltaspis Deretrachys Desmoderus Dicranoderes Dorcacerus Drychateres Elytroleptus Entomosterna Eriocharis Eriphus Exallancyla Galissus Gambria Georgiana Giesbertella Giesbertia Gonyacantha Gortonia Hoegea Hudepohlellus Ischnocnemis Lissonomimus Lissonoschema Lissonotypus Lophalia Mannophorus Martinsellus Metaleptus Metopocoilus Micropelta Mimonneticus Molitones Monneellus Muscidora Neochrysoprasis Neocrossidius Neogalissus Neomegaderus Neotaphos Neotaranomis Noguerana Nothoprodontia Oxymerus Ozodera Palaeotrachyderes Panchylissus Parabatyle Paraethecerus Paragortonia Parathetesis Parevander Paroxoplus Parozodera Perarthrus Phaedinus Phimosia Phoenicus Phoenidnus Placoschema Pleuromenus Plionoma Poecilopeplus Polyschisis Prodontia Pseudodeltaspis Pseudoeriphus Pseudophimosia Pseudostenaspis Pteracantha Pteroplatidius Purpuricenus Rachidion Retrachydes Rhodoleptus Schizax Scythroleus Seabraellus Seabraia Seabriella Sphaenothecus Steinheilia Stenaspis Stenobatyle Sternacanthus Stiphilus Streptolabis Tamenes Trachelissa Trachyderes Trachyderomorpha Tragidion Triacetelus Tuberorachidion Tylosis Unachlorus Weyrauchia Xylocaris Zalophia Zenochloris Zonotylus↑
 Apilocrocis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Evarra eigenmanni is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It was found only in Mexico but is now extinct.
 Proud Clarion (1964-1981) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1967 Kentucky Derby. Owned and bred by John W. Galbreath he was foaled at his Darby Dan Farm in Lexington Kentucky. His sire was Hail To Reason the U.S. Champion Two-Year-Old Colt for 1960 and his grandsire was Royal Charger a son of the great Nearco.
 Eupithecia garrula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Plagiostropha opalus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The hairless bat (Cheiromeles torquatus) also called the naked bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae found in Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines. The hairless bat is mostly hairless but does have short bristly hairs around its neck on its front toes and around the throat sac along with fine hairs on the head and tail membrane.
 Glipa inexpectata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 2000.
 Glyptoscelimorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Schizopodidae containing the following species: Glyptoscelimorpha juniperae (Knull 1940) Glyptoscelimorpha marmorata Horn 1893 Glyptoscelimorpha viridis Chamberlin 1931↑
 Megacraspedus argyroneurellus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (Lower Volga southern Ural) Ukraine (the Crimea) Central Asia the northern Caucasus and Turkey.
 Murina is a genus of vesper bats.
 Nassarius conoidalis common name the cone-shaped Nassa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails.
 Cosmopterix jiangxiella is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from China (Jiangxi).The length of the forewings is about 4.7 mm.
 Bellulia kendricki is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Hainan in China.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The crosslines are blackish and well marked. The hindwing is greyish brown without a discal spot and the underside is unicolorous grey.
 Paradmete curta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Ponderosa Pine Seedworm Moth (Cydia piperana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in South-Western North America.The wingspan is about 19 mm.The larvae feed on the seeds of Pinus ponderosa and Pinus jefferyi.
 Hydroporus palustris is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) and the Near East.
 Dusponera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stenorhopalus flavicans is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fairmaire & Germain in 1859.
 Prosopalpus debilis the Western Dwarf Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana western Nigeria Cameroon Gabon Ethiopia north-western Tanzania and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
 Mordellidae is a family of beetles commonly known as tumbling flower beetles for the typical irregular movements they make when escaping predators or as pintail beetles due to their abdominal tip which aids them in performing these tumbling movements. Worldwide there are about 1500 species.The apparently tumbling movements are composed of a series of very rapid separate jumps (each jump of a duration of approximately 80 ms).
 Chicoreus cloveri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hoplophanes chalcolitha is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Günther's Reed Snake Liopeltis frenatus is a species of snake.Distribution:India (Assam Arunachal Pradesh (Namdapha - Changlang district) ) Myanmar (= Burma) Laos VietnamChina (Tibet Yunnan)
 Fusus pyruloides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Anthozela is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Sphictostethus is a genus of Pepsid spider wasps which has a dispersed southern Pacific distribution which encompasses Chile eastern Australia Tasmania and New Zealand and is very similar to the distribution of the southern beeches of the genus Nothofagus. The type species is S. gravesii but the genus's greatest diversity is in Australia especially in the more humid and temperate south east with one species S. insularis endemic to Lord Howe Island.
 Opostega chalcophylla is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is known from Assam in India.Adults have been recorded in September.
 Chamaesphecia staudingeri is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found on Sicily.
 The Rosy Dart (Diarsia rosaria) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia Newfoundland and Labrador British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan and Yukon in Canada south to northern California and eastern Oregon.It is abundant and widely distributed in wet conifer forests.Its wingspan is about 30 millimeters (1.2 in). Its larvae feed on various grasses.
 Melanonaclia nigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Beriotisia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coleura is a genus of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae. It contains the following species: African Sheath-tailed Bat (Coleura afra) (Coleura kibomalandy) Seychelles Sheath-tailed Bat (Coleura seychellensis)
 Eubetia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Pethia padamya the Odessa barb is a species of cyprinid fish known from Central Myanmar where it is known to occur in an artificial pond above the Anisakan Falls and also from the lower Chindwin River. It has been known to the aquarium hobby for many years but was only described scientifically in 2008.
 Turbonilla portoricana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pericallia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The genus contains only one species Pericallia matronula which has a wide range. The species can be found in Central and Eastern Europe Kazakhstan Southern Siberia Northern Mongolia Amur Region Primorye Sakhalin Kunashir northern and north-eastern China Korea and Japan.The larvae feed on Lonicera Hieracium Vaccinium Fraxinus Corylus and Quercus species and Prunus padus.
 Chrysocercops pectinata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Kelantan and Pahang).The wingspan is about 4.9 mm.The larvae feed on Dipterocarpus grandifolius and Dipterocarpus tuberculatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Acmaeoderoides is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Acmaeoderoides cazieri Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides confusus Nelson 1999 Acmaeoderoides depressus Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides distinctus Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides ferruginis Wellso & Nelson in Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides humeralis (Cazier 1938) Acmaeoderoides insignis (Horn 1894) Acmaeoderoides knulli Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides rossi (Cazier 1937) Acmaeoderoides rufescens Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides stramineus Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides verityi Nelson 1968↑
 This article is about hummingbirds from the genus Topaza. For the Ruby Topaz see Ruby-topaz Hummingbird.The topazes are two species of hummingbirds in the genus Topaza. They are found in humid forests in the Amazon Basin. Males are by far the largest hummingbirds in their range – the Giant Hummingbird of the Andes is the only larger species in the family. Males have a total length of about 22 cm (8½ in) although this includes their elongated rectrices.
 The White-fringed Antwren (Formicivora grisea) is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is a resident breeder in tropical South America from Colombia southeast to the Guianas and Brazil and on Tobago.The White-fringed Antwren is typically 12.7 cm long and weighs 9.4 g. The male has a grey-brown crown and upperparts and black wings tail lower face and underparts.
 Chemsakiella is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Chemsakiella michelbacheri (Chemsak 1984) Chemsakiella ricei (Chemsak 1984) Chemsakiella virens (Bates 1885) Chemsakiella virgulata (Chemsak 1987)↑
 Trapeziophora gemmula is a species of sedge moths and the only species in the genus Trapeziophora. It was described by Walsingham in 1892. It is found in the West Indies.The wingspan is 11 mm. The forewings are greyish fuscous at the base blending into bright purple on the apical half of the wing. The basal half is irrorated with small whitish shining dots which run in a series of lines radiating outwards from the base to the middle of the wing.
 Tasmanophlebi is a genus of insect in family Siphlonuridae. It contains the following species: Tasmanophlebi lacus-coerulei
 Concoctio is a genus of ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae containing a single species Concoctio concenta.
 Tentax bruneii is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Brunei.The wingspan is about 9.5 mm. The head labial palps patagia prothorax and forewings (including fringes) are beige with a brown terminal area. The basal costal patch on the forewing and upper quadrangular medial area are black brown. The crosslines are indistinct and light brown except for the brown terminal line. The hindwings are light grey.
 Dickens Hill (foaled 25 January 1976) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. The colt showed promising form as a two-year-old in 1978 winning the Anglesey Stakes and being narrowly beaten by the English-trained Tap On Wood in the National Stakes. In the following year he emerged as the best Irish racehorse of his generation winning the Ballymoss Stakes and the Irish 2000 Guineas in Ireland in spring and the weight-for-age Eclipse Stakes in Britain in July.
 Cephalotes pallidus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Scotura is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Mitrella elianeae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Thelecythara is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.
 Pseudagrion glaucescens is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad Ivory Coast Gambia Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Coleophora aglabitella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Tunisia.
 Clupeonella is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family. Widespread in the fresh and brackish waters of the Black and Caspian Sea drainages.
 Eurhinodelphinidae is an extinct family of toothed whales which lived from the Oligocene to the Pliocene. Members of the family possessed an elongated jaw similar in appearance to a swordfish.
 Hymaea succinifera is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae the only species in the genus Hymaea.
 Bucculatrix mendax is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in India.The larvae feed on Dalbergia sissoo.
 Gracilaria confectella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Cephalotes goniodontes is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Merica sinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Eugoa conflua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Beris strobli is a European species of soldier fly.
 Suillia dawnae is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Neolamprologus similis is a shell-dwelling cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known along the shores of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. N. similis is copper coloured with vertical white stripes running from the head to near the base of the tail. It typically grows to a length of 4.3 centimetres (1.7 in) TL. It is a popular freshwater aquarium fish.
 Schistophleps bipuncta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1891. It is found in India (Assam Belgaum Nilgiris) Sri Lanka and Burma.
 Dubitationis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Fistulobalanus is a genus of barnacles comprising the following species:Fistulobalanus abeli (Lami & André 1932)Fistulobalanus albicostatus (Pilsbry 1916)Fistulobalanus amaraquaticus (Yamaguchi 1980)Fistulobalanus citerosum (Henry 1973)Fistulobalanus dentivarians (Henry 1973)Fistulobalanus klemmi Zullo 1984Fistulobalanus kondakovi (Tarasov & Zevina 1957)Fistulobalanus pallidus (Darwin 1854)Fistulobalanus patelliformis (Bruguière 1789)Fistulobalanus shiloensis (Pilsbry 1930)Fistulobalanus sumbawaensis Prabowo & Yamaguchi 2005Fistulobalanus suturaltus (Henry 1973)↑
 Bokermannohyla circumdata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pessida is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Trox is a genus of beetles of the Family Trogidae.Its species occur almost worldwide.
 Callenya lenya the Long-Winged Hedge Blue is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.
 Stauroglanis gouldingi is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae and the only species of the genus Stauroglanis.
 Arctioblepsis is a Monotypic taxongenus of snout moths. It was described by Felder and Felder in 1862 and contains the species A. rubida. It is found in south-east Asia including Hong Kong China Taiwan India and Nepal.The wingspan is 36–44 mm. Adults are on wing from early April to early June and again from early July to mid August in Hong Kong.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Machilus species including Machilus breviflora and Machilus gamblei. They feed from a slight webbing.
 Conus queenslandis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Leptostylus fernandezi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Hoffmann in 1981.
 Eubergia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Euryglottis aper is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Colombia Ecuador Venezuela and Bolivia.There are rather indistinct apical dots on sternites three to five and three lines forming a well-marked discal band on the forewing upperside.
 The Lesser Woolly Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus beddomei) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in India and Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests caves and urban areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The spurred big-eyed tree frog Nyctimystes pulcher is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 See also Whydah Gally for the pirate ship and Ouidah for the town in Benin. The indigobirds and whydahs are a family Viduidae of small passerine birds native to Africa.These are finch-like species which usually have black or indigo predominating in their plumage.
 Leptodactylus marambaiae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and sandy shores.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ematheudes michaeshafferi is a species of snout moths in the genus Ematheudes. It was described by J.C. Shaffer in 1998 and is known from Kenya.
 Proporidae is a family of flatworms containing a single genus.
 Belontia hasselti the Malay combtail is a species of gourami native to southeast Asia where it is found in peat swamps of the Malay Peninsula and the Greater Sunda Islands. This species can reach a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) SL. It is a commercially important species and is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Zaratha dicellias is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in India (Assam).
 Lopharcha kopeci is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.
 Paratrophon dumasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Zhijinaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Zhijinaphaenops gravidulus Ueno & Ran 2002 Zhijinaphaenops lii Ueno & Ran 2002 Zhijinaphaenops pubescens Ueno & Ran 2002↑
 Brachypterois is a genus of scorpionfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Imbricaria bicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Statherotis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Gymnobela bairdii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Swahili Sparrow (Passer suahelicus) is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae. It lives in the savanna of southern Kenya and Tanzania. Until recently it was usually treated as a subspecies of the Northern Grey-headed Sparrow (Passer griseus) which it hybridizes with in southern Tanzania and possibly elsewhere.
 The Peruvian Plantcutter (Phytotoma raimondii) is an endangered species of bird in the Cotingidae family. As the other plantcutters this species is sexually dimorphic and folivorous. It is endemic to scrub and woodland in north-western Peru and is threatened by habitat loss.
 Celaenorrhinus ruficornis commonly known as the Tamil Spotted Flat is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae which is found in India.
 Azygophleps ganzelkozikmundi is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Congo.
 Kurosawaia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Kurosawaia iridinota Bellamy 1990 Kurosawaia yanoi (Kurosawa 1963)↑
 Habronattus ophrys is a species of spider from a Salticidae family that can be found in the United States.
 Orthocomotis albobasalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).The wingspan is 26-29 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white in the form of a large terminal blotch. Other parts of the interfascia are greyish with brownish spots and green scaling. The markings are brown. The hindwings are whitish up to the middle tinged grey cream postmedially.
 The Golfodulcean poison frog (Phyllobates vittatus) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Costa Rica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Systomus orphoides the Javaen barb is a species of cyprinid fish native to Southeast Asia. It can reach a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) SL and is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Bracon hebetor is a minute Braconidae wasp that is an internal parasite to the caterpillar stage of Plodia interpunctella the Indian meal moth in the late larval stage of the Mediterranean flour moth and the almond moth.
 Oasis Dream (foaled 30 March 2000) is retired thoroughbred racehorse and active sire who was bred and trained in the United Kingdom. He was the highest-rated two-year-old in the 2002 European flat racing season and won the Cartier Racing Award for European Champion Sprinter in 2003.
 Pseudonaclia bifasciata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1909. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
 Mantidactylus peraccae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The specific epithet honors Italian herpetologist Mario Giacinto Peracca.
 Mordellistena palmi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Liljeblad in 1945.
 Lottia leucopleura is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Vexillum elliscrossi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Matilda (1824–1846) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the St Leger Stakes in 1827. In a racing career confined to racecourses in Yorkshire she ran nine times and won four races between August 1826 and October 1828. After winning three of her first four races she defeated the Derby winner Mameluke in a controversial race for the 1827 St Leger. She was retired from racing after four unsuccessful races in 1828 and became a broodmare.
 Leptadrillia loria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.Bartsch originally misspelled this species as Leptodrillia loria. In 1973 Perrilliat renamed it as Leptadrillia loria.
 Cupidesthes thyrsis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Equatorial Guinea (Bioko) Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ubangi Uele Tshopo Equateur Kinshasa Sankuru and Lualaba).
 The Western Andes toad Andinophryne atelopoides is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Tidal Bay is an Irish bred Bay gelding Thoroughbred race horse foaled on 12 May 2001. He was the winner of two Grade 1 jumps races the Arkle Challenge Trophy and the Maghull Novices' Chase in 2008. Trained by initially by Howard Johnson and subsequently by Paul Nicholls and owned by Graham and Andrea Wylie he was bred by John Dorgan.
 Epitoxis myopsychoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Equatorial Guinea.
 Hyperolius major is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Zambia and possibly Angola.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna rivers and swamps.
 The Temotu flying fox (Pteropus nitendiensis) is a species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. It is threatened by habitat destruction due to subsistence agricultural practices as well as natural disasters such as tropical cyclones.
 Nyctemera popiya is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Cardiapoda is a genus of very small floating sea snails or heteropods pelagic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Carinariidae.Both tentacles are of equal size and well-developed. The external layer of the body wall is thin. They are found worldwide in the pelagic zone of warm seas.
 The European Golden Plover (Pluvialis apricaria) also known as the Eurasian Golden Plover or just the Golden Plover within Europe is a largish plover. This species is similar to two other golden plovers. American Golden Plover Pluvialis dominiica and Pacific Golden Plover Pluvialis fulva are both smaller slimmer and relatively longer-legged than European Golden Plover and both have grey rather than white axillary feathers (only properly visible in flight).
 The Striated Thornbill (Acanthiza lineata) is a species of bird in the Pardalotidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Eburia caymanensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found on the Cayman Islands.
 Mecistogaster is a genus of large Neotropical damselflies in the family Pseudostigmatidae.
 Trigonostoma rugosum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Oliva bathyalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Gray Catbird (Dumetella carolinensis) also spelled Grey Catbird is a medium-sized northern American perching bird of the mimid family. It is the only member of the catbird genus Dumetella. Like the Black Catbird (Melanoptila glabrirostris) it is among the basal lineages of the Mimidae probably a closer relative of the Caribbean thrasher and trembler assemblage than of the mockingbirds and Toxostoma thrashers. In some areas it is known as the Slate-colored Mockingbird.
 Metanarsia trisignella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Uzbekistan Turkmenistan and south-eastern Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 10-14 mm. The costal margin of the forewings is mottled with brown. The hindwings are grey. Adults are on wing from April to June.
 Euodice is a genus of estrildid songbirds that is recognized by some authorities while some include it within the genus Lonchura where it is treated as a subgenus. Its members are from the dry zones of Africa and India and are commonly referred to as silverbills. The African and Indian species were earlier considered conspecific due to the fact that they can interbreed. They are phylogenetically distinct and form a clade that is basal to other relatives in Estrildidae.
 Cryptochiridae is a family of crabs known as gall crabs because the females cause corals to form protective galls around themselves. The family is placed in its own superfamily Cryptochiroidea. It contains the following genera:
 The reddish-gray musk shrew (Crocidura cyanea) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Lesotho Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and caves.
 Mertensophryne usambarae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stejneger's Stonechat Saxicola stejnegeri is a species of stonechat native to eastern Asia.
 Xorides praecatorius is a parasitoid wasp from ichneumonid family that parasitizes many long-horned beetles of next species: Tetropium castaneum Tetropium fuscum Aromia moschata Callidium aeneum Callidium violaceum and some other.
 Titanio venustalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.
 Eupithecia latitans is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are pale greenish grey powdered with olive scales. The shadings are olive. The hindwings are similar but all the markings are less definite.
 Monocentris japonicus is a pinecone fish of the family Monocentridae found in the tropical Indo-West Pacific oceans at depths of between 2 and 100m and can be found on both rocky and coral reefs. It grows to around 17cm this fish is encased with large scales and it has a light producing organ on the side of its lower jaw the purpose of with is not known. Many theorize that it helps it to see at night or to attract prey. The light from this organ is produced by luminescent bacteria.
 Schistura malaisei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Trichocoptodera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trichocoptodera indica Kirschenhofer 2010 Trichocoptodera maculata Louwerens 1958 Trichocoptodera piligera (Chaudoir 1883)↑
 Ectoedemia hendrikseni is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from a small area in the Provence region in southern France (the Estérel massif in the Alpes Maritimes and Var).The wingspan is 6-6.8 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. An individual record in October may represent a (partial) second generation or a late emerging specimen.The larvae have been reared on Quercus suber L. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Liarea turriculata turriculata is a subspecies of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Pupinidae.
 Echineulima ovata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Moon Ballad (foaled 1999 in Ireland) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed internationally.
 Ningbingia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 Physalaemus is a large genus of leptodactylid frogs. These frogs are found in Central- and South America. It is very similar to Leptodactylus a close relative and indeed the recently rescribed Leptodactylus lauramiriamae is in some aspects intermediate between them.
 Phenatoma is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae.
 The Eudrilidae are a family of earthworms mostly of Africa. One species Eudrilus eugeniae (Kinberg 1867) is widely distributed around the warmer parts of the world and cultured as the African nightcrawler.The male pores of eudrilids are in segment 17 as is also typical of Ocnerodrilidae.
 Cuckoo bumblebees are members of the subgenus Psithyrus in the bumblebee genus Bombus. Up until recently the 29 species of Psithyrus were considered to constitute a separate genus. They are a specialized lineage which has lost the ability to collect pollen and to rear their brood. They have lost the worker caste and produce only sexuals male and female. They are inquilines in the colonies of other bumblebees.
 Diemeniana is a genus of cicada in the cicadettini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily native to Australia. Five species have been described.
 Hyperthaema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Hipponix incurvus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hipponicidae the hoof snails. Until recently this species was considered to be a species of Capulus in the Capulidae.
 Hoplostethus is a genus of fish in the slimehead family.
 Agdistis arenbergeri is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Acrolophus psoloessa is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The crested chameleon Trioceros cristatus is a species of chameleon endemic to Africa. The species was first described by Samuel Stutchbury in 1837 and is one of the most recognisable species of chameleon.
 Dorycera hybrida is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Blyth's Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus reguloides) is a species of leaf warbler (family Phylloscopidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in Bhutan Cambodia China India Laos Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.This bird was named after the English zoologist Edward Blyth.
 Argyrodines is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Argyrodines aurivillii (Gounelle 1905) Argyrodines pulchella Bates 1867↑
 Oryzias curvinotus or the Malabar ricefish are a freshwater–brackish fish species native to the Gulf of Kutch to Trivandrum Kerala India. Their maximum length is only 3 centimetres (1.2 in) so their diet is small normally mosquito larvae. They are normally found in estuaries but can live in fresh water for a short time. They breed July–August.
 The Golden-throated Barbet (Megalaima franklinii) is an Asian barbet. Barbets are a group of near passerine birds with a worldwide tropical distribution. They get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills.The Golden-throated Barbet is a resident breeder in the hills from northeast India east to southwestern China Malaysia and Vietnam. It is a species of broadleaf evergreen forest from 900–2565 m altitude. It nests in a tree hole.This barbet is 20.5-23.5 cm in length.
 Hyppa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Flustra foliacea is a species of bryozoan found in the northern Atlantic Ocean. It is a colonial animal that is frequently mistaken for a seaweed. Colonies begin as encrusting mats and only produce loose fronds after their first year of growth. They may reach 20 cm (8 in) long and smell like lemons. Its microscopic structure was examined by Robert Hooke and illustrated in his 1665 work Micrographia.
 The Golden Gate Blue (Orachrysops montanus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from montane grassland in the Golden Gate Highlands.The wingspan is 28–36 mm for males and 24–30 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to January. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Indigofera species.
 Marginella orstomi is a species of colorful small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae. The marine malacofauna of West Africa is rich in Marginellidae. The holotype of Marginella orstomi was collected at a depth of between 200 and 250 m off Pointe Noire Republic of Congo. (A related species was dredged from a more northern locality off the coast of Congo.) The species is also related to Marginella huberti Clover 1972 from Lobito Angola.
 Orthocomotis aphanisma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Eremopezus is a prehistoric bird genus. It is known only from the fossil remains of a single species the huge and presumably flightless Eremopezus eocaenus. This was found in Upper Eocene Jebel Qatrani Formation deposits around the Qasr el Sagha escarpment north of the Birket Qarun lake near Faiyum in Egypt.
 The Gray-tailed Narrow-headed Rat (Stenocephalemys griseicauda) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Ethiopia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 White Sea Urchin (Tripneustes depressus) are found in the Panamanian part of the North Pacific Ocean.
 The Brazilian guitarfish (Rhinobatos horkelii) is a species of fish in the Rhinobatidae family. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is estuarine waters.
 Gymnothorax angusticauda is a moray eel found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans in the Red Sea and around Indonesia. It was first named by Weber and de Beaufort in 1916.
 Sympistis sobek is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Oregon.The wingspan is about 34 mm.
 Trichodezia is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 The Cuban Tody (Todus multicolor) is a bird species in the family Todidae that is restricted to Cuba and adjacent islands.
 The White-breasted Woodswallow (Artamus leucorynchus) is a small passerine bird which breeds from the Andaman Islands east through Indonesia and northern Australia. The name woodswallow is a misnomer as they are not closely related to true swallows.
 The Exuma Island iguana (Cyclura cychlura figginsi) is a critically endangered subspecies of northern Bahamian rock iguana that is found on the Exuma island chain in the Bahamas with a wild population of 1300 animals it is listed on the IUCN Red List.
 Anachloris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae with 3 species found in Australia New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.
 Cophixalus sisyphus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Eua globosa is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relations of Eua globosa:
 Mordellistena umbmala is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1970.
 Zafra vexillum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Pimephales commonly known as the bluntnose minnows (a term used locally to refer to Pimephales notatus specifically) is a genus of cyprinid fish found in North America. All of the four species are small fish with P. notatus being the largest at 11 cm.These minnows can be found all over North America and are commonly used as fish bait.
 The channeled whelk Busycotypus canaliculatus previously known as Busycon canaliculatum is a very large predatory sea snail a marine prosobranch gastropod a busycon whelk belonging to the family Buccinidae. This species is edible.
 Orthomegas pehlkei is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lameere in 1904. It is found in Colombia and Peru.
 Spheginobaccha is a genus of hoverflies with five known species. The genus is readily separated from other microdons by the incomplete metathoracic bridge round/oval basoflagellomere occiput with a dorsolateral creaseand other characters.
 Pusillina amblia is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Poecilotheria rajaei is a tarantula in the Poecilotheria genus.
 The White-bearded Flycatcher (Phelpsia inornata) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is the only member of the genus Phelpsia. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Urota is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The northern studfish (Fundulus catenatus) is the largest of the killifish and is native to the southcentral United States.
 Eupleura is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The greater bamboo lemur (Prolemur simus) also known as the broad-nosed bamboo lemur and the broad-nosed gentle lemur is the largest bamboo lemur at over five pounds or nearly 2.5 kilograms. It has greyish brown fur and white ear tufts and has a head-body length of around one and a half feet or forty to fifty centimeters. It feeds almost exclusively on the bamboo species of Cathariostachys madagascariensis preferring the shoots but also eating the pith and leaves.
 Austromegabalanus psittacus the giant barnacle or picoroco as it is known in Spanish is a species of large barnacle native to the coasts of Chile and southern Peru. It inhabits the littoral and intertidal zones of rocky shores and normally grows up to 30 centimetres (12 in) tall with a mineralized shell composed of calcite. The picoroco barnacle is used in Chilean cuisine and is one of the ingredients in curanto.
 Commotria albinervella is a species of snout moths in the genus Commotria. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 Trachyderes leptomerus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1908.
 Eleutherodactylus verecundus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss and various species of rain forest trouser snake.
 The Vogelkop Whistler (Pachycephala meyeri) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Russian Thistle Casebearer (Coleophora klimeschiella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is native to Asia Minor and central Asia but has been introduced to California Texas and Hawaii.Adults are creamy-white.The larvae feed on the foliage of Salsola australis. The larvae are casebearers and make their cases from hollowed-out Salsola leaves. The larvae have five instars. During the first two instars larvae are leaf miners and in the last three they become casebearers.
 Rhinodicynodon is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Tetroplon caudatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Tetroplon.
 Chloroclystis tridentata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Pectinivalva chalcitis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the south-western coast of Western Australia.The wingspan is about 5.5 mm for females.The larvae possibly feed on Eucalyptus. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Spilosoma feifensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wiltshire in 1986. It is found in Saudi Arabia.
 Stilifer akahitode is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Stilifer.
 Aegicephalichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Middle Triassic epoch.
 The wallum sedge frog (Litoria olongburensis) also known as the Olongburra frog or the sharp-snouted reed frog is endemic to Australia. Varying in color from brown to dark green it inhabits the thick and often acidic marshes of the Wallum along the coast of Queensland and New South Wales. Mating season comes in early spring often after heavy rainfalls. Females attach their eggs to grasses and sedges. Their call is high pitched and follows a creeeek... crik pattern.
 Angiostoma limacis is a species of parasitic nematode.
 Euriphene monforti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Blastobasis atmozona is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1939. It is found in Argentina.
 Loxops is a Hawaiian honeycreeper genus in the finch family Fringillidae.
 Heterochrosis oligochrodes is a species of snout moths in the genus Heterochrosis. It was described by Hampson in 1926. It is found in South Africa.
 Euderces velutinus is a Long-horned beetle native to Central America. It is a good ant mimic of the conspicuous species Camponotus sericeiventris.
 Abrothrix lanosus also known as the Woolly Grass Mouse or Woolly Akodont is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in southern Argentina and Chile. It was previously classified in the genus Akodon rather than Abrothrix.
 Tate's fat-tailed mouse opossum (Thylamys tatei) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae named after American zoologist George Henry Hamilton Tate. It is found at elevations of 300 to 3000 m along the coast of central Peru. The species has the northernmost range of any member of its genus. It has white ventral fur and short condylobasal and zygomatic lengths. T. pallidor is very similar.
 Pyroderces klimeschi is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Austria Hungary Romania and Italy.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. The groundcolour of the forewings is bright reddish brown but this is hardly visible because of a chestnut brown wash. The hindwings are shining ashy grey. Adults have been recorded in May and June.
 The White-throated Honeyeater (Melithreptus albogularis) is native to New Guinea and eastern and northern Australia. It is 11.5 - 14.5 cm long olive green above and white below with a black head a white patch over the eye and a white stripe at the back of the neck.
 Nesoscopa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Rusty-flanked Treecreeper (Certhia nipalensis) or the Nepal Treecreeper is a species of bird in the Certhiidae family.It is found in Bhutan China India Myanmar and Nepal.Its natural habitats are boreal forests and temperate forests.
 Pheia beebei is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fleming in 1957. It is found in Trinidad.
 The Glossy Flowerpiercer (Diglossa lafresnayii) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Pygora brunneitarsis is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 The pharaoh cuttlefish (Sepia pharaonis) is a large cuttlefish species growing to 42 cm in mantle length and 5 kg in weight. When raised in the laboratory the maximum recorded size for males is 16.2 cm and for females 15.5 cm.Sepia pharaonis is likely a complex of at least three species the distributions of which are not well understood.The type specimen was collected in the Gulf of Suez and is deposited at the Zoologisches Museum in Berlin.
 Cyamops freidbergi is a species of fly.
 Baphala glabrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Baphala. It was described by Dyar in 1919 and is found in Guatemala.The wingspan is 15-16 mm. Adults are suffused grayish brown with obscure markings. The pale transverse antemedial and subterminal lines and the dark discal dots are faintly indicated.The larvae probably feed on scale insects.
 Orthogonius orphnodes is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1930.
 Lemyra flaveola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1899. It is found in western China (Sichuan Jiangxi).
 Hepialiscus is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are four described species found in Taiwan and Nepal. The larvae feed on grasses.
 Euroto is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Chalk-cliff Tortrix or Conch (Cochylidia rupicola) is a moth of the Tortricidae family.
 The northern dwarf tree frog (Litoria bicolor) is a small species of tree frog native to northern Australia from the Kimberly region of Western Australia to Bowen Queensland and Aru Islands of Indonesia. The population occurring in Indonesia may not be L. bicolor and research on call structure or genetics is needed to confirm its taxonomic status.
 Coptodisca lucifluella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Clemens in 1860. It is found in North America including Kentucky and Ohio.The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an oval blotch. Full-grown larvae chew the upper and lower leaf epidermis around the edges of the mine before pupating inside it.
 Pelochyta aliena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Maassen in 1890. It is found in Colombia.
 Nachaba flavisparsalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Nachaba. It is found in Brazil (Espiritu Santo).
 Dordura aliena is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Indian subregion Burma Thailand Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and New Guinea.
 The Duke of Abruzzi's free-tailed bat (Chaerephon aloysiisabaudiae) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Sudan and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia johnstoni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Alberta British Columbia California Colorado Michigan New Brunswick Ontario Oregon and Washington.The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from March to August.
 Phalanta madagascariensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Syngonorthus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Phalanx (1944–1971) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. In 1947 he won the Belmont Stakes and was voted American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.
 Conopomorpha chionochtha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Australia.
 Opostega salaciella is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The moths fly from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Rumex acetosella.
 Ptychobela salebra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Dislocated Dart (Diarsia dislocata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Alaska and Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan the Northwest Territories Yukon and Manitoba in Canada. It is also found in the north-eastern parts of the United States Washington and Colorado.
 Stigmella tricentra is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 2.6 mm. Adults have been recorded emerging through the upper cuticle of the leaf in March and October. Adults reared from larvae collected inMay July and August hatched June August and September. There are probably two generations per year.The larvae feed on Helichrysum aggregatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is tightly coiled.
 Donacaula niloticus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Bulgaria Romania Greece Turkey Russia India and North Africa including Algeria and Egypt.The forewings are luteous-yellow with black spots and a white spot surrounded with black on the transverse vein. The hindwings are whitish with a transverse row of brownish spots posteriorly.
 The Northern Jungle Queen Stichophthalma camadeva (Westwood 1848) is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Paracles elongata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Cotonopsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Melithreptus is a genus of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. Its members are native to Australia. It is generally considered to contain seven species although some authors have classified the related Blue-faced Honeyeater within this genus.The genus was originally defined by French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in 1817. William John Swainson had coined the term Eidopsarus in 1837.
 Paraclinus mexicanus the Mexican blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California Mexico to Ecuador. This species can reach a length of 4 centimetres (1.6 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Japigny kirschbaum is a species of glass knifefish discovered in 2011 in French Guiana. It is the only member of its genus.
 The Treble Brown Spot (Idaea trigeminata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe.The species has a wingspan of 23–25 mm. The adults fly in one generation from late May to early July . They are attracted to light.The larvae feed on ivy knotgrass and other low growing plants.
 Amorphozancle is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Arctohungarites is a Triassic ammonoid now placed in the ceratitid family Danubitidae but previously included in the Hungeritidae. The shell of Arctohungerites is subdiscoidal involute with a rounded venter weak sigmoidal folds on the body chamber and a distinct ventral keel on the distal end of the chambered portion. The suture is ceratitic. Arctohungerites was found in Middle Triassic (Anisian) sediments in northern Siberia
 Hiskatherium is an extinct genus of small ground sloth from the Miocene of Bolivia. The type species H. saintandrei was named in 2011 on the basis of a lower jaw. Although it has not been placed in a specific family Hiskatherium is similar to the extinct sloths Hapalops and Xyophorus.
 Lepidochrysops koaena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Tanzania.
 Helix figulina is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails.
 Spilosoma penultimum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Aganais is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Asota.
 Zonotylus interruptus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Zonotylus.
 Uropteryginae is a subfamily of moray eels.
 Acleris kinangopana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Barberry Geometer Moth or Barberry Looper (Coryphista meadii) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the United States and southern Canada.The wingspan is 30–36 mm. There are two forms. The typical form is dark brown while form badiaria has orangish-brown antemedial and subterminal bands. The hindwings are pale grayish-brown with variably distinct lines and a toothed/wavy margin.Adults are on wing from April to October.
 Zebraplatys is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Stenobatyle prolixa is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1892.
 Glyphostoma lyuhrurngae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Eatonina kitanagato is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.
 The Brush-tailed Rabbit Rat (Conilurus penicillatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Australia and Papua New Guinea.
 Strictispira drangai is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.
 Idaea consanguiberica is a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula.
 Elachista bruuni is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Finland Russia Estonia and Latvia.The wingspan is 9–10 millimetres (0.35–0.39 in). Adults are on wing in June and July.
 Ypsolopha longa is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Japan Korea and Russia.The wingspan is 22–31 mm.The larvae feed on Euonymus maackii and Euonymus sieboldianus.
 The Highland Finch (Orthiospiza howarthi) is an extinct member of the Fringillidae and a Hawaiian Honeycreeper. It is the only member of the genus Orthiospiza. It was endemic to the high-elevation areas (above 1000 m) of Mt. Haleakala on the Hawaiian island of Maui. It has been speculated that they were pushed to extinction because of habitat loss. It is only known from fossil remains and likely became extinct before the first Europeans arrived in 1778.
 Eois naias is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Wajima (Mar 8 1972–August 27 2001) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 The Gould's Bronze Cuckoo (Chrysococcyx russatus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia Malaysia Papua New Guinea and the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The northern bog lemming (Synaptomys borealis) is a small North American lemming. This is one of two species in genus Synaptomys the other being the southern bog lemming.They have cylindrical bodies covered with long grey or brown fur with pale grey underparts. There is a patch of rust-coloured hair at the base of the ears. They have small eyes a hairy snout and a short tail. They have 16 teeth and their upper incisors are grooved.
 Blastobasis chloroptris is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Malaysia.
 Neotherina imperilla is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Colombia and Costa Rica. The ground colour is orange brown with distinct medial and postmedial lines crossing theforewings. It may be distinguished from similar species by the rounded apex and orange-brown colour of the forewings.
 Zabrus aegaeus is a species ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
 Allyn Smith's banded snail also known as the Merced Canyon shoulderband scientific name Helminthoglypta allynsmithi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helminthoglyptidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Ariophanta interrupta is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.The visible external soft parts of the animal are pinkish grey in color.
 Cochliopa is a genus of freshwater snails specifically cave snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae.Cochliopa is the type genus of the family Cochliopidae.This genus is not to be confused with the similar-sounding land snail genus Cochlicopa.
 Scaphis punctata is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The hog badger (Arctonyx collaris) is a terrestrial mustelid that is widespread in Central and Southeast Asia. It is listed as Near Threatened in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species as it is occurring only patchily. The population is thought to be declining due to high levels of exploitation.
 Pebobs sanctivincenti is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Grenada and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Cystiscus nebulosa is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Drilliola is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Hume's Bush Warbler (Horornis brunnescens) is a species of bush warbler (family Cettiidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in India.The name commemorates the British naturalist Allan Octavian Hume who worked in India.
 Anillus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Anillus angelae Magrini & Vanni 1989 Anillus bordonii Magrini & Vanni 1993 Anillus caecus Jacquelin du Val 1851 Anillus cebennicus Balazuc & Bruneau de Mire 1964 Anillus cirocchii Magrini & Vanni 1989 Anillus convexus Saulcy 1864 Anillus florentinus Dieck 1869 Anillus frater Aube 1863 Anillus hypogaeus Aube 1861 Anillus joffrei Sainte-Claire Deville 1925 Anillus latialis Jeannel 1937 Anillus marii Magrini & Vanni 1989 Anillus minervae Coiffait 1956 Anillus pacei Magrini & Vanni 1993 Anillus sekerai Reitter 1906 Anillus sulcatellus Coiffait 1958 Anillus virginiae Magrini & Vanni 1993↑
 Turritella leeuwinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Speleogobius trigloides the Grotto goby is a species of goby native to the Adriatic Sea where it is known to inhabit grottoes at depths of from 8 to 25 metres (26 to 82 ft). This species grows to a length of 1.8 centimetres (0.71 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Belonoglanis tenuis is a species of loach catfish found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of Congo where it occurs in the Congo River basin. It reaches lengths up to 17.2 cm.
 Protuliocnemis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Leptostylus fuligineus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Toxiclionella elstoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Paraliostola is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Paraliostola durantoni Tavakilian & Monné 1991 Paraliostola nigramacula Martins & Galileo 2010↑
 Falcidius is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Trichaetoides chloroleuca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found on Borneo Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and in Singapore. It is moslty found in lowland localities.
 Eostrix is an extinct genus of the family Protostrigidae from early Eocene of Wyoming and the London Clay of England. It was erected by Pierce Brodkorb in 1971 to place a fossil species known until that time as Protostrix mimica. Two species are recognised. E.
 Timora albisticta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 The mimic garden eel (Heteroconger pellegrini) also known as the speckled garden eel is a species of garden eel from the East Pacific. This fish is found at depths of 5–30 m (16–98 ft) from Baja California to Panama.It reaches 63 cm (25 in) in length. Like other garden eels it is found in groups in sandy areas. Typically only their head and upper part of the body protrudes from the sand and they will retreat entirely if approached by large fish or divers. They feed on zooplankton.
 Oliva tisiphona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Vexillum superbiens is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Antiotricha districta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Colombia.
 Zabrus gibbulus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.
 Calosima albapenella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in the North America including Texas and Florida.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are white suffused and sprinkled with brownish fuscous intermixed with pale fawn brown. The hindwings are shining pale-brownish grey.The larvae have been found in dry oranges infested by the beetle Arseocerus fasciculatus.
 Udea calliastra is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Maui Kauai Molokai Oahu and Hawaii.The larvae of ssp. synastra feed on Peperomia latifolia and Peperomia membranacea.
 Ubristes is a genus of hoverflies with 61 known species. All are characterized by their metatibiae which are usually enlarged but always with a brush of long pile along the dorsal edges. These flies are probably mimics of the stingless bees in the tribe Meliponini.The presence or absence of the appendix on vein R4+5 is variable within this group. They are further divided into the subgroups Hypselosyrphus Stipomorpha and Ubristes by the shape of their abdomens.
 Ophichthus maculatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Rafinesque in 1810.
 See also: Pygmy gourami (Trichopis pumila) which is occasionally referred to as the dwarf croaking gourami or green croaking gourami Trichopsis vittata the croaking gourami is a species of small freshwater labyrinth fish of the gourami family. They are native to still waters in Southeast Asia and are distributed worldwide via the aquarium trade. Croaking gouramis are capable of producing a croaking noise using their pectoral fins.
 Coleophora moronella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Phaeoura quernaria the Oak Beauty is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern North America occurring as far west as east-central Alberta. The habitat consists of aspen-cherry shrubland.The wingspan is 37-56 mm. The wings are powdery light to dark olive brown with a white patch at the forewing apex.
 Oenoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family found in Sri Lanka (Hampson) and French Guiana (Schaus).
 Cephalotes pilosus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Tinissa is a genus of the fungus moth family (Tineidae). Therein it belongs to the subfamily Scardiinae.
 The Kuekenthal's Yellow Tiger (Parantica kuekenthali) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Eurosia costinota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Philippines (Mindanao).
 The Wandering Albatross Snowy Albatross or White-winged Albatross (Diomedea exulans) is a large seabird from the family Diomedeidae which has a circumpolar range in the Southern Ocean. It was the first species of albatross to be described and was long considered the same species as the Tristan Albatross and the Antipodean Albatross. In fact a few authors still consider them all subspecies of the same species.
 Cypraecassis is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae.
 The Trindade Petrel (Pterodroma arminjoniana) (or Herald Petrel as it is known in the Americas) is a species of seabird and a member of the gadfly petrels. The bird is 35–39 cm (14–15 in) in size with an 88–102 cm (35–40 in) wingspan.The petrel has various color morphs: dark and light as well as intermediates between the two.
 Diminovula concinna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Congo Rope Squirrel (Funisciurus congicus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo and Namibia.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas.
 Telmaturgus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Eleutherodactylus lasalleorum is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Carabus albrechti tsukubanus is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabinae family that is endemic to Japan.
 Hoplophanes monosema is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Erhaab (foaled 24 May 1991) is a retired Thoroughbred race horse and active sire bred in the United States but trained in the United Kingdom. He is best known as the winner of the Epsom Derby in 1994. In 2011 he was moved from the Wood Farm Stud in Shropshire to the Batsford Stud in Gloucestershire.
 Parataygetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Artediellichthys nigripinnis the Blackfin hookear sculpin is a species of sculpin native to the northern Pacific Ocean. It occurs at depths of from 200 to 815 metres (656 to 2674 ft). This species grows to a length of 13.7 centimetres (5.4 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Lasionycta secedens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has a Holarctic distribution. North American populations are distributed from Labrador northern Manitoba and Alaska southward to northern Maine northern Minnesota and south-central British Columbia.
 The Yellow-crested Cockatoo (Cacatua sulphurea) also known as the Lesser Sulphur-crested Cockatoo is a medium-sized (approximately 34 cm long) cockatoo with white plumage bluish-white bare orbital skin grey feet a black bill and a retractile yellow crest. The sexes are similar.
 The Camiguin Hanging Parrot Loriculus (philippensis) camiguinensis is a hanging parrot endemic only on the Philippine island of Camiguin where its habitat is diminishing. The taxonomy of this population of parrots on Camiguin is uncertain.
 Bucculatrix inusitata is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Quebec Ontario Indiana Maine Massachusetts New York and New Jersey.The wingspan is 9.5-10 mm. The forewings are lustrous white with ocherous markings. The scales are usually dark-tipped. The hindwings are greyish ocherous. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July.The larvae possibly feed on Juniperus communis.
 The emperor red snapper Lutjanus sebae is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species is an inhabitant of both rocky and coral reefs preferring flat areas with either a sandy or gravel substrate. They can be found at depths from 5 to 180 m (16 to 591 ft). This species can reach a length of 116 centimetres (46 in) though most do not exceed 60 cm (24 in). The greatest recorded weight for this species is 32.7 kg (72 lb).
 Ceryx riouensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Obraztsov in 1957. It is found on Durian Island.
 The orangeback angelfish or African pygmy angelfish (Centropyge acanthops) is an omnivorous marine angelfish. It has a blue body and yellow to orange colouration from the head and across the back. It is easily confused with the cherubfish (Centropyge argi) but in the latter the yellow to orange colouration only covers the head. It is native to the east coast of Africa and reaches a maximum length of 8 cm. When kept in an aquarium orangeback angelfish are distributed throughout the tank.
 Meiacanthus vittatus the One-striped fangblenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean. This species grows to a length of 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) TL. This species can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Thalattorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Kueichowlepis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish which lived during the Devonian period of East Asia.
 Taivaleria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Afroxanthodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps.
 Ranularia muricina is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Microvoluta is a genus of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutomitridae.
 Metaleptus angulatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chevrolat in 1834.
 Scaphella robusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The White-headed Barbet (Lybius leucocephalus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Nigeria Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.
 The broad-striped Malagasy mongoose (Galidictis fasciata) is a species of mongoose. It is a forest-dweller native to eastern Madagascar. The specific epithet fasciata means ‘banded’ in Latin.Its local common name is vontsira fotsy ‘white vontsira’ in Malagasy.The species contains two known subspecies: G. f. striata and G. f. fasciata.
 Miss Andretti was the 2007 Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year and is the only Thoroughbred in racing history to simultaneously hold a total of five track records in Australia and England.
 Dicathais is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Muricidae the rock snails. This genus is monotypic; the only species in it is Dicathais orbita common name the white rock shell or cart-rut shell found round the coasts of Australia and New Zealand.
 Liocarcinus pusillus common name dwarf swimming crab is a species of crab in the Portunidae family.
 Citheronia azteca is a moth of the family Saturniidae that lives in Guatemala Belize and Mexico.
 Ocrisiodes antiopa is a species of snout moths in the genus Ocrisiodes. It was described by Roesler in 1988 and is known from Iran.
 Rhynchaglaea terngjyi is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Rudenia immanis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Baja California Norte).
 Fragum is a genus of cockles marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae. Members of the genus have characteristic thick sculptured shells and live buried in sand extending their siphons to the surface to feed and breathe. They are found in the Indo-Pacific region and the Red Sea.
 Gynacantha is a genus of dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae. The females have two prominent spines under the last abdominal segment. This gives the genus name (from Greek female and thorn) and the common name Two-spined Darners. They are also commonly known as Duskhawkers.The genus contains the following species:
 Longichela orobica is an extinct species of prawn which lived in the Norian and is the only species in the genus Longichela.
 Chrysanympha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Achatinella concavospira is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii.
 Elachista tengstromi is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to Switzerland and Austria and from Great Britain to Poland.It was formerly considered to be a form of Elachista regificella.The wingspan is 7–9.3 millimetres (0.28–0.37 in).The larvae feed on Luzula pilosa. They form a strongly contracted upper-surface tentiform mine generally in the lower third of the leaf beginning at the leaf base. Mostly a second or third mine is made which starts at the leaf tip.
 Carposina hyperlopha is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Turner in 1947. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales and Queensland.
 Harutaeographa ganeshi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal (Ganesh Himal Gholjong).
 Trochita is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 The Persian horse conch Pleuroploca persica is a species of very large predatory sea snail with an operculum. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae which includes the spindle shells the tulip shells and other allied genera.
 Eritherium is an extinct genus of early Proboscidea found in the Ouled Abdoun basin (early Thanetian age) Morocco. It lived about 60 million years ago. It was first named by Emmanuel Gheerbrant in 2009 and the type species is Eritherium azzouzorum. Eritherium is the oldest smallest and most primitive known elephant relative.
 Transtillaspis hedychnium is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Eleutherodactylus vocator is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phyllonorycter achilleus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in the Albertine Rift and the Kakamega Forest in western Kenya. The habitat consists of tropical rainforests where Guineo-Congolian flora intermixes with savannah plants at altitudes above 1500 meters.The length of the forewings is 4.3 mm for males and 3.2 mm for females. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is orange-ochreous with a shiny white and dark brown pattern.
 Euphaeidae is a family of damselflies in the order Odonata. It is sometimes called Epallaginidae They are commonly known as Gossamerwings. It is a small family of damselflies with around 70 species. They commonly occur in Old World tropics. They are large and mostly metallic-coloured.
 Acanthurus grammoptilus is a tropical fish which is found in the Philippines Indonesia and Australia. Also known commonly as the Finelined-surgeonfish it is used commercially in fisheries and can be used for food.
 Rinoctes nasutus the Abyssal smooth-head is a species of slickhead that is found at depths of 2000 metres (6600 ft) to 4156 metres (13635 ft) in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans as well as possibly occurring in the Pacific Ocean. This species is the only known species in its genus. This species grows to a length of 19 centimetres (7.5 in) SL.
 Aoteadrillia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Crassispirinae Turridae.
 Amerila syntomina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1878. It is found in Benin Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Ghana Guinea Ivory Coast Nigeria Sierra Leone and Tanzania.
 The Lesser White-toothed Shrew (Crocidura suaveolens) is a tiny shrew with a widespread distribution in Africa Asia and Europe but not in most of Spain north–west France and mainland Great Britain. Its preferred habitat is scrub and gardens and it feeds on insects worms slugs snails newts and small rodents.
 Scopula duplinupta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 24–29 mm.
 Angustiphylla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Chilo christophi is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Romania the southern Ural region Armenia Djarkent Issyk-Kul Thian-Shan Kuldja Amur Ussuri northern China and Japan.The length of the forewings is 14–19 mm.
 Bondonella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Pneumophionyssus aristoterisi is a species of mite placed in its own family Pneumophionyssidae in the order Mesostigmata.
 The Arrabal's Suriname Toad or Rana De Celdillas Guayanesa (Pipa arrabali) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is found in Brazil Guyana Suriname Venezuela and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes ponds and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Huttonella is a genus of land snails in the family Streptaxidae.
 Olivella bullula is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Xenopipo is a genus of bird in the Pipridae family. It contains the following species: Black Manakin (Xenopipo atronitens) Yellow-headed Manakin (Xenopipo flavicapilla) Green Manakin (Xenopipo holochlora) Jet Manakin (Xenopipo unicolor) Olive Manakin (Xenopipo uniformis)
 Commatarcha chrysanches is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1935. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Agdistis krooni is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa (Northern Cape).The wingspan is 19-215 mm. The forewing are grey without apparent dots. The longitudinal medium part of the wing has a noticeable ochre tinge. The hindwings are uniformly grey. Adults are on wing in March and November.
 Zachrysia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae[citation needed] or Pleurodontidae.[citation needed]
 Limnofregata (Freshwater frigatebird) is an extinct genus of primitive frigatebird. The two known species were described after fossils from the Early Eocene Green River Formation (c.49 million years ago) of Wyoming. A number of good complete and partial skeletons some with feather impressions are known of the type species and L. hasegawai is known from two skulls and most of one torso.
 Aglossestra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Fusolatirus luteus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The parras characodon (Characodon garmani) was a species of fish in the Goodeidae family endemic to Mexico.
 The Vermiculated Fishing Owl (Scotopelia bouvieri) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family.It is found within riverine forest in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon and Nigeria.
 Whittleia is a genus of moth of the Psychidae family.
 The Kern Plateau salamander Batrachoseps robustus is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to California in Tulare and Inyo and Kern Counties in the western United States.
 The lava rock mountain snail also known as Walton's banded mountain snail scientific name Oreohelix waltoni is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oreohelicidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Rhinoprora oribates is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are darker and more glossy than in Rhinoprora palpata the green shades almost suppressed except in the lines which bound the basal patch and the broad median band. The hindwings are more glossy and more smoky than in palpata. They are weakly marked.
 Colobaspis is a genus of beetles in the family Megalopodidae containing the following species: Colobaspis aeneipennis Weise 1915 Colobaspis atrithorax Pic 1934 Colobaspis bicolor Papp 1952 Colobaspis bicoloriceps Pic 1922 Colobaspis carinata Bryant 1930 Colobaspis costatipennis Pic 1937 Colobaspis dollmani Bryant 1930 Colobaspis femorata Gressitt 1942 Colobaspis flavonigra Fairmaire 1894 Colobaspis fraxini Komiya 1986 Colobaspis hargreavesi Bryant 1930 Colobaspis kwangtungensis Gressitt 1942 Colobaspis lacordairei Westwood 1864 Colobaspis neavei Bryant 1930 Colobaspis notaticollis Pic 1952 Colobaspis nyassae Bryant 1930 Colobaspis omeiensis Gressitt 1942 Colobaspis pallida Gressitt 1942 Colobaspis pulchra Baly 1859 Colobaspis regalis Achard 1920 Colobaspis septemmaculata Hope 1831 Colobaspis speciosa Baly 1859 Colobaspis suturalis Clavareau 1909 Colobaspis theresae Pic 1947 Colobaspis vitalisi Pic 1922↑
 Eriophyes padi is a gall-forming mite that causes cherry pouch galls on black cherry trees.
 Micropterix erctella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1919. It is endemic to Sicily.The wingspan is about 7 millimetres (0.28 in) for males and 6 millimetres (0.24 in) for females.
 Lomanotus is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lomanotidae.Lomanotus is the type genus of the family Lomanotidae.
 The Kauaʻi ʻŌʻō or ʻŌʻōʻāʻā (Moho braccatus) is a member of the extinct genus of the ʻŌʻōs (Moho) within the extinct family Mohoidae from the islands of Hawai'i. It was previously regarded as member of the Australo-Pacific honeyeaters (Meliphagidae). This bird was endemic to the island of Kauaʻi. It was common in the subtropical forests of the island until the early twentieth century when its decline began. Its song was last heard in 1987 and it has since been declared extinct.
 Exilia blanda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Common names: blind snakes thread snakes.The Scolecophidia are an infraorder of snakes. They range in size from 10 to 100 cm in length. All are fossorial. As of 2007 three families and 12 genera were recognized but two new families with three genera have since been added.
 The Western Tragopan or Western Horned Tragopan (Tragopan melanocephalus) is a medium-sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the Himalayas from Hazara in northern Pakistan in the west to Uttarakhand within India to the east. The species is highly endangered and globally threatened.
 Saphenista burrens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Pseudepidalea oblonga is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Iran Turkmenistan Kazakhstan and possibly Afghanistan.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland freshwater marshes and freshwater springs.
 Thoraciliacus rostriceps is an extinct species of frog and the only species of the genus Thoraciliacus which belonged in the unranked class Pipimorpha. Fossils of T. rostriceps were found in Makhtesh Ramon Negev Desert Israel and it is believed they lived during the Barremian. Other fossils have been found near Marydale South Africa in an Upper Cretaceous lake.
 Mygalobas corticina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Mygalobas.
 Nephopterix kuznetzovi is a species of snout moths in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Harutiunian in 1989. It is found in Armenia.
 Depressaria artemisiae is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Netherlands Belgium the Iberian Peninsula and most of the Balkan Peninsula. It is also found in North America.The wingspan is 15–19 mm. Adults are on wing in August and September.The larvae feed on Artemisia campestris.
 White trevally Pseudocaranx dentex (also known as striped jack) is a jack of the family Carangidae widespread in tropical and warm temperate areas between 40°N and 47°S in the Atlantic Mediterranean Indian and Pacific Oceans. It has a deep body and a greenish colour with metallic overtones and a dark spot above the gills. The fins are yellow. Trevally are strong fighters and the flesh is good to eat if a little dry. It is often used as cut baits.
 The titis or titi monkeys are the New World monkeys of the genus Callicebus.
 Coleophora canariipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iraq.
 Hyloscirtus is a genus of relatively large Neotropical frogs in the Hylidae family. This genus was resurrected in 2005 following a major revision of the Hylidae family with the distinguishing features being 56 transformations in nuclear and mitochondrial proteins and ribosomal genes. Of these species 28 species previously placed in the Hyla genus were moved to this genus. The fingers and toes of these frogs have wide dermal fringes.
 Protopelicanus cuvierii is a putative fossil waterbird of uncertain affinities. It was briefly described and figured by Georges Cuvier in 1822 from Late Eocene material from Montmartre France though not formally described and named until 1852 by German botanist and ornithologist Ludwig Reichenbach as an early pelecanid. The original material comprised the cranial part of a left scapula and a nearly complete left femur.
 Actia lamia is the type species of the genus Actia of the family Tachinidae.
 Phaegoptera sestia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1906. It is found in Peru.
 Eucosmodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Paleocene of North America. It is a member of the extinct order of Multituberculata within the suborder of Cimolodonta and the family Eucosmodontidae. This genus has partly also been known as Neoplagiaulax. All known fossils of this small mammal are restricted to teeth.
 Nerita planospira is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 The common coquí or coquí (Eleutherodactylus coqui) is a frog native to Puerto Rico belonging to the Eleutherodactylidae family. The species is named for the loud call the males make at night. This sound serves two purposes. 'CO' serves to repel males and establish territory while the 'QUI' serves to attract females. Since the auditory systems of males and females respond preferentially to different notes of the male call this is an example of a sex difference in a sensory system.
 The Black Agama (Laudakia melanura) is an agamid lizard found in Iran Pakistan India (NW Punjab) nasiri: Toba Kakar Range Balochistan and Pakistan at elevations of 2300 to 2400 m above sea level.Race lirata: Pakistan; Terra typica: Gedrosia Baluchistan (= Saman Dasht Province Baluchistan fide SMITH 1935).Type locality: Kashmir (Salt Range Punjab according to M A Smith)
 Microsynodontis is a genus of upside-down catfishes native to Africa.Microsynodontis species are occasionally imported for the aquarium trade. Very little is known about their biology.
 Onchidium burnupi is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Spelaeorchestia koloana the Kauaʻi cave amphipod or ʻuku noho ana in Hawaiian is a cave-dwelling crustacean only found on the Hawaiian island of Kauaʻi. It is eyeless and measures 7–10 millimetres (0.28–0.39 in) long. It is only known from ten populations and eats decaying plant matter and other decomposing material.The Kauaʻi cave amphipod is endemic to the caves on Kauaʻi Hawaii. Its main predator is the Kauaʻi cave wolf spider Adelocosa anops another endemic of the Kauaʻi cave.
 Amaurobius ausobskyi is a spider species found in Greece.
 Gulella bomolensis is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Common Red Apollo Parnassius epaphus is a high altitude butterfly which is found in India and Nepal. It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family. This handsome butterfly is found from 9000 to 13000 ft from Chitral District to Sikkim and Western regions of Nepal. It is considered not rare.
 Haplopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Philenora undulosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1857. It is found in Australia (New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania).The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults are off-white with dark brown markings including several jagged lines across the forewings. The hindwings are pale yellow.
 Neoparaphytoseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Eleutherodactylus pardalis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Convoluta convoluta is a small flatworm of the class Acoela and family Convolutidae. Native to the Baltic Sea it invaded the Gulf of Maine in the late 1990s.
 The Flores Crow (Corvus florensis) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The colocolo (Leopardus colocolo) is a small spotted and striped cat native to the west Andean slope in central and northern Chile. Until recently it included the more widespread Pampas cat (L. pajeros) and Pantanal cat (L. braccatus) and some maintain these as subspecies of the colocolo. Confusingly when these are treated as subspecies of the colocolo the combined species is sometimes referred to as the Pampas cat.
 The Amazonian Umbrellabird (Cephalopterus ornatus) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. Much larger than the female the male Amazonian Umbrellabird is likely the largest passerine in South America as well as the largest suboscine passerine in the world. The male Amazonian Umbrellabird grows to a weight of 480-571 grams (1-1.25 lbs) and a length of 48–55 cm (19–22 in).
 Littoraria bengalensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Tessarotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Zelus renardii is an assassin bug. First instar larvae have been observed to collect a sticky substance from their eggs and rub it on their legs which improves predation success on flies.
 Oedothmia endopyrella is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Oedothmia. It was described by Hampson in 1930 and is known from Mexico and the Bahamas.
 Pragmatodes is a genus of moth in the Gelechiidae family.
 Degmaptera mirabilis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal north-eastern India northern Thailand Anhui in China and Taiwan. The habitat consists of high altitude evergreen oak forests.The wingspan is 44–82 mm. The hindwing costal edge is excavated resulting in a conspicuous subapical lobe which projects anteriorly.
 Micropterix amsella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1975 and is endemic to Croatia.The wingspan is 6–8 millimetres (0.24–0.31 in).
 Rasbora armitagei is a minnow endemic to Sri Lanka. The fish was discovered from a small tributary of Kalu Ganga at Rakwana South-Western Wet zone Sri Lanka. This species is named after naturalist David Armitage.
 The Mesosemiini are one of the tribes of metalmark butterflies (family Riodinidae). They are the basalmost living tribe of the Riodininae outside the main radiation together with the slightly more advanced Eurybiini.
 Allotinus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.
 Orange Albatross (Appias nero) is a butterfly of the family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites. Subspecies galba is found in India.
 Common names: twin-spotted rattlesnake western twin-spotted rattlesnake moreCrotalus pricei is a venomous pit viper species found in the United States and Mexico. Currently two subspecies are recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Orthotaenia undulana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. The moth flies from May to mid August. .The larvae feed on honeysuckle Vaccinium pine and birch.
 The Timor warty pig (Sus celebensis timoriensis) is a subspecies of Sus celebensis or Celebes Warty Pig. Though described as a separate species the species is actually a feral form of the Celebes Warty Pig found in the Lesser Sunda Islands.
 Kaiwhekea is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian age) of what is now New Zealand. The type species Kaiwhekea katiki was first described by Arthur Cruickshank and Ewan Fordyce in 2002. Kaiwhekea was approximately 7 metres long and lived around 69-70 million years ago.
 Moggridgea is a genus of spiders in the tree dwelling family Migidae.The genus was first described by Octavius Pickard-Cambridge in 1875.The majority of the 33 species of the genus are found in southern Africa and Socotra with outlying and relict species in Australia's Southwest and Kangaroo Island.
 Odontanthias is a genus of fishes in the subfamily Anthiinae. Depending on the exact species they reach 10–22 cm (3.9–8.7 in) in maximum length and are brightly marked with pink and yellow. They are found at rocky reefs in deep water mainly below 100 m (330 ft). The genus is almost entirely restricted to the Indo-Pacific; the Caribbean O. hensleyi is the only species known from outside the Indo-Pacific.
 Tornatellinops ponapensis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Hypomolis fassli is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Colombia.
 The Nairobi grass rat (Arvicanthis nairobae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Kenya Tanzania and possibly Ethiopia.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Cremnoconchus carinatus is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The Madagascan large free-tailed bat (Tadarida fulminans) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Madagascar Malawi Rwanda South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna.
 Brachiolia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Flabellocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Leucochimona is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone.
 The American Ear Moth (Amphipoea americana) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from coast to coast in the northern United States and southern Canada it is also present in the Northwest Territories south in the west to California south in the east to GeorgiaThe wingspan is 28–35 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on grasses sedges and sometimes on the roots of corn.
 White Flower Moth (Schinia bimatris) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States and Canada.The larvae most likely feed on Oenothera nuttallii.
 Amphonyx kofleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in the Dominican Republic.
 The Tam Dao salamander or Vietnamese salamander (Paramesotriton deloustali) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss and poaching.
 The Common Wight Iton semamora is a blue butterfly which is found in South and Southeast Asia specifically Sikkim Myanmar and peninsular Malaysia.
 Dorcatherium is an extinct genus of tragulid ruminant which existed in Europe East Africa and the Siwaliks during the Miocene and Pliocene.
 Halysidota fuliginosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Honduras Costa Rica El Salvador and possibly Peru and Venezuela.
 Coironalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The barred frogs are a group of frogs in the genus Mixophyes. They are the largest of the Australian ground frogs from the Myobatrachidae family.The barred frogs are native to the eastern coast of Australia with one species inhabiting New Guinea. They are restricted to rainforests and wet sclerophyll forests. They often habit under moist leaf litter where they hunt small invertebrates. The males will also call from leaf litter close to a water source.
 The Greek rock lizard (Lacerta graeca) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is endemic to Greece.Its natural habitats are temperate forests Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lepeophtheirus is a genus of sea lice. The best-known species is L. salmonis the salmon louse. Other species include L. pectoralis which uses flatfish as its host particularly the European flounder.
 Madathisanotia madagascariensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from northern Madagascar.
 Parapapio is a genus of prehistoric baboons closely resembling the forest dwelling mangabeys. Parapapio is distinguished from other Papio by the lack of an anteorbital drop thin browridges absence of maxillary fossae or a sagittal crest and only slight sexual dimorphism.There are four recognized species Pp. jonesi Pp. whitei Pp. broomi and Pp. antiquus but these taxonomic designations have generated some controversy.
 Cymothoe angulifascia is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Tshopo Maniema Mai-Ndombe Kwilu Kasai Sankuru and Lualaba).
 The Serpentine Webworm Moth (Herpetogramma aeglealis) is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in eastern North America.The wingspan is 29-34 mm for males and 27-31 mm for females. Adults are sexually dimorphic. The hindwings of the males are dirty white with dark-grey shading on the discal spot wing veins subterminal area and an irregular but contrasting postmedial line. Females have a golden hue.
 The Shotted halibut Eopsetta grigorjewi is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives on sandy mud bottoms in the sublittoral zone at depths of between 60 metres (200 ft) and 1325 metres (4347 ft). It can reach 60 centimetres (24 in) in length. Its native habitat is the Western Pacific stretching from the Pacific coast of Japan in the north down the coast of China and the East China Sea as far as Taiwan in the south.
 Mesturus is an extinct genus of bony fish from the Jurassic.
 Cryptophlebia semilunana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Africa where it is known from Kenya Uganda Tanzania South Africa Madagascar La Réunion and Mauritius.Hostplant of the larvae of this species are Fabaceae (Sesbania sp.)
 Cinguloterebra eximia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Elachista eriodes is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in New South Wales and on the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia.The wingspan is about 12.4 mm for males and 12.2 mm for females. The forewings are blue. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Lepidosperma species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Young larvae mine upwards creating a straight and narrow initial stage of the mine. Later the mine slowly widens and turns downwards.
 Swenzia is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth.
 Gibberula fortis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Semocharista is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Myophiomys is an extinct species of rodent from Africa.
 Taningia persica is a species of squid in the family Octopoteuthidae. Its validity has been questioned. The description of Taningia persica is based on a paralarva of Taningia (4.7 mm ML) from the Gulf of Aden presumably Taningia danae.
 Oenopota candida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Zanzibar bushbaby Matundu dwarf galago Udzungwa bushbaby or Zanzibar galago (Galago zanzibaricus) is a primate of the Galagidae family. An adult typically weighs 150 grams (5.3 oz) its head-body length is 14 to 15 centimetres (5.5 to 5.9 in) and its tail is between 12 and 15 centimetres (4.7 and 5.9 in) long.
 Pareuxesta xanthomera is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pareuxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Herculagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Herculagonum anassa (Darlington 1971) Herculagonum anax (Darlington 1971) Herculagonum atlas Baehr 2002↑
 Eleutherodactylus dorsopictus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Alticola Looper Moth or Alpine Beauty (Syngrapha alticola) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across the Arctic above the treeline from Newfoundland to Alaska south in the mountains to central California and Colorado.The wingspan is 26–27 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location. There are two generations per year.
 Metanarsia modesta is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in southern Italy Romania Ukraine Turkey Armenia north-eastern Iran Iraq Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Russia (the southern and south-eastern European part) and south-eastern and northern Kazakhstan. The habitat consists of steppes.The length of the forewings is 6–10 mm. The forewings are light grey mottled with brown scales. The hindwings are light grey. Adults are on wing from early May to late July.
 Helcystogramma cyanozona is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1923. It is known from southern India.
 Coleophora inusitatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria Spain and Portugal.The larvae feed on the leaves of Phlomis herba-venti and possibly Phlomis russeliana.
 Kichulchoia brevifasciata is a species of loach endemic to the Korean Peninsula.
 Eupithecia oculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.
 Graphosia approximans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Turbo debesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Geisonoceras is an orthocerid genus named by Hyatt 1884 and type for the Geisonoceratidae established by Zhuravleva in 1959. It has been found in North America Europe and Asia. Shells are elongate straight or slightly curved and slowly expanding with a circular or subcircular cross section trasverse aperture and slight hyponomic sinus. The surface has broad transverse bands with fine growth lines between. Sutures are straight transverse or slightly oblique.
 The pale spotted spotted catshark Asymbolus pallidus is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found only off Queensland at depths of between 225 and 400 m. Its length is up to 44 cm.
 Epitymbia alaudana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Verhoeven's giant tree rat (Papagomys theodorverhoeveni) is an extinct rat of subfamily Murinae that lived on Flores in Indonesia. It was assessed as being extinct in 1996. However experts believed that it died out before 1500 AD. The species is known only from several subfossil fragments. It was named after Dutch priest Theodor Verhoeven.
 The White-gorgeted Flycatcher (Anthipes monileger) is a species of passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It was formerly placed in the genus Ficedula.
 Scylacops is an extinct genus of Gorgonopsia. It was first named by Broom in 1913 and contains two species S. bigendens and S. capensis. Its fossils have been found in South Africa. It is believed to be closely related to the Gorgonopsian Sauroctonus progressus. Scylacops was a moderately-sized Gorgonopsid.
 Hermeuptychia fallax is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Baron Cajetan von Felder and his son Rudolf Felder in 1862. It is found in Peru and Brazil.
 Abatus cavernosus is a species of sea urchin of the family Schizasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. It came from the genus Abatus and lives in the sea. Abatus cavernosus was first scientifically described in 1845 by Philippi.
 Eloria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Tendaguria (/ˌtɛndəˈɡjʊəriə/ TEN-də-GEWR-ee-ə; meaning the Tendaguru one) is a genus of herbivorous sauropod dinosaur from the Late Jurassic of Tanzania.In 1911 German geologist Wilhelm Bornhardt at Nambango in German East Africa discovered two sauropod vertebrae fifteen kilometers (nine miles) southeast of Tendaguru Hill. These were described by Werner Janensch in 1929 but not named.The finds were formally named by José Fernando Bonaparte Wolf-Dieter Heinrich and Rupert Wild in 2000.
 Spialia ploetzi the Forest Grizzled Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Triumfetta species.
 Marstoniopsis is a genus of minute freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Amnicolidae.
 Hilara litorea is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae.
 Chamaesphecia chalciformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Italy Austria Slovakia the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine Russia Turkey the Middle East and northern Iran.The larvae feed on Origanum vulgare.
 Chromodoris africana or four-coloured nudibranch is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Charming Underwing (Catocala blandula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia west to central Alberta south to Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.The wingspan is 42–50 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Amelanchier Malus sylvestris and Crataegus.
 Odostomia corpulentoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Oxycera fallenii the Irish major is a European species of soldier fly.
 Xerocrassa pallaresica is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The White-whiskered Puffbird (Malacoptila panamensis) is a bird which is a resident breeding species from southeastern Mexico to central Ecuador. It is sometimes known as White-whiskered Softwing.This puffbird is found in forests shady plantations especially of Theobroma cacao and old second growth in lowlands and foothills up to 1200m. It nests in a 15–55 cm long 6 cm diameter burrow in usually gently sloping ground. The wider nesting chamber is lined with dried leaves.
 Mannophryne larandina is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amphimallon atrum is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Belgium Italy Spain and on the island of Corsica.
 The Arabian toad (Bufo arabicus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Oman Saudi Arabia United Arab Emirates and Yemen.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers intermittent rivers freshwater springs rural gardens urban areas ponds and irrigated land. Only nine species of amphibians have been found on the Arabian Peninsula.
 Micropentila fulvula is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Ocnerogyia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Pratylenchus coffeae is a plant-pathogenic nematode.
 Cyclemys enigmatica tentatively dubbed as the enigmatic leaf turtle is a species of Asian leaf turtle found in the Greater Sunda Islands.
 Aborolabis cerrobarjai is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 The Marbled Map (Cyrestis cocles) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in parts of Asia.
 Coregonus baicalensis is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae. It is endemic to the Russian Federation's Lake Baikal where it is found on the bottom (demersal). The maximum length recorded for this species is 60 centimetres (24 in). The average length is a few centimetres above 50 centimetres (20 in). It is also known as the Baikal whitefish. It is frequently considered to be a subspecies of Coregonus lavaretus.
 Crassinella lunulata or the lunate crassinella is a species of very small bivalve mollusc in the family Crassatellidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Massachusetts to Texas.
 Alopecosa is a spider genus in the family Lycosidae (wolf spiders) with about 140 species and several subspecies.Most species grow up to 2 cm. Alopecosa females make a burrow in which they deposit their egg sac. The female then stays in the burrow guarding the sac until the eggs hatch.In Germany there are about 15 described species. There is at least one in the United States.They favor dry climates.
 The Yellow-olive Flatbill or Yellow-olive Flycatcher (Tolmomyias sulphurescens) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in tropical and subtopical forest and woodland in Central and South America but over its range there are significant variations in plumage iris-colour and voice leading to speculations that more than one species is involved.
 Pronuba is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pronuba decora Thomson 1860 Pronuba dorilis (Bates 1867) Pronuba gracilis Hovore & Giesbert 1990 Pronuba incognita Hovore & Giesbert 1990 Pronuba lenkoi Monné & Martins 1974↑
 Gemmula mystica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Paragaleopsomyia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Hewitsonia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics.
 Agelas gracilis is a species of demosponge. Its common name is candy cane sponge. It lives primarily in Australian waters. It has a symbiotic relationship with the white zoanthid making red and white polyps.
 A Gleam (foaled 1949 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who set a Hollywood Park Racetrack record with five straight stakes races in 1952.
 Oestomorpha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Hypotia proximalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Christoph in 1882 and is known from Azerbaijan and Pakistan.
 Ferugliotheriidae is one of two known families in the order Gondwanatheria an enigmatic group of extinct mammals. Gondwanatheres have been classified as a group of uncertain affinities or as members of Multituberculata a major extinct mammalian order. The best-known representative of Ferugliotheriidae is the genus Ferugliotherium from the Late Cretaceous epoch in Argentina.
 Paurophleps reducta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mozambique.
 The Oubangui Mouse (Mus oubanguii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Central African Republic.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Apiotoma tibiaformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Eugoa bacchi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of forests including coastal forests.The length of the forewings is 8-9 mm.
 Sarcophaga is a genus of true flies the type of the flesh-fly family (Sarcophagidae).This genus occurs essentially worldwide. These flies are generally well-sized and of a greyish color; like many of their relatives the typical patterns are lengthwise darker stripes on the thorax and dark and light square dots on the abdomen. Many have conspicuous red compound eyes. These are set further apart in females than in males; the females are also larger on average.
 Ithycythara lanceolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Nucula nitidulaformis is a saltwater nut clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculidae.
 The Orange Holomelina (Virbia aurantiaca) is a member of the Arctiidae family found in North America. In the east it has been recorded from Manitoba and Nova Scotia south along the eastern seaboard to Cordoba in Mexico. It has also been recorded from Texas Mississippi Missouri Tennessee Louisiana Oklahoma Kansas North Dakota and South Dakota.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm for males and 9.7 mm for females. The male forewings range from clay to cinnamon.
 Ommatoiulus sabulosus also known as the striped millipede is a European millipede of the family Julidae. Its common name comes from its two striking bright longitudinal bands on the dorsal surface.O. sabulosus is widespread and common in Central Europe and on the British Isles. It has a broad habitat range including open areas such as meadows fields and roadside edges as well as sandy soils and the leaf-litter of forests of pine oak and beech trees. O.
 The African helmeted turtle (Pelomedusa subrufa) also known as the marsh terrapin or crocodile turtle is an omnivorous side-necked terrapin that naturally occurs in fresh and stagnant water bodies throughout much of Africa and even in southern Yemen.
 Aglossosia flavimarginata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Kenya South Africa and Uganda.
 Heteropsis ankaratra is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of unnatural grassland.
 Orthogonius alutaceus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Quedenfeldt in 1883.
 Pseudochromis cyanotaenia is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of 6 cm.
 Protobrotula is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Cycnia tenera the dogbane tiger moth or delicate cycnia is a moth in the family Arctiidae. It occurs throughout North America from southern British Columbia to Nova Scotia southwards to Arizona and Florida.
 Pialea is a genus of small-headed fly.
 Eupithecia prostrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in California and Arizona.
 Ramphotyphlops kimberleyensis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Megacraspedus lativalvellus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Amsel in 1954. It is found on Malta.
 Mordellistena luteofasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1962.
 Asiconops is a subgenus of fly from the genus Conops in the family Conopidae.The European species of the subgenus are:C. elegans Meigen 1824C. flavifrons Meigen 1824C. insignis Loew 1848C. longiventris Kröber 1916C. weinbergae Camras & Chvála 1984↑
 Chlosyne hoffmanni Hoffmann's Checkerspot is a member of the Nymphalidae family that is found in western North America. They range from the Sierra Nevada and Cascade Mountains in the U.S. to Manning Park in British Columbia.
 Conus asiaticus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There is one subspecies: Conus asiaticus lovellreevei G. Raybaudi Massilia 1993 (synonym: Conus lovellreevei G. Raybaudi Massilia 1993)
 Hellinsia grandaevus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Chile Argentina and Bolivia.The wingspan is 17‑22 mm. The forewings are pale brown mixed with scattered dark brown scales. The hindwings are grey‑brown and the fringes are grey. Adults are on wing from October to January.
 Phanoptis is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species:Phanoptis cyanomelas C. and R. Felder 1874Phanoptis donahuei Miller 2008Phanoptis fatidica (Dognin 1910) Phanoptis miltorrhabda Prout 1922Phanoptis taxila Druce 1907Phanoptis vitrina Druce 1886
 Conus dispar is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Rhipha vivia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Watson in 1975. It is found in Brazil.
 The Javan Frogmouth (Batrachostomus javensis) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family. The species is sometimes known as Horsfield's Frogmouth. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Acrobasis cirroferella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Hulst in 1892 and is known from Florida and Texas United States.The larvae feed on Myrica cerifera.
 Holy Roman Emperor is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire. He was a leading two-year-old winning four races from seven runs racehorse in Europe in 2006.
 The Conopidae usually known as the thick-headed flies are a family of flies within the Brachycera suborder of Diptera. Flies of the family Conopidae are distributed worldwide in all the ecozones except for the poles and many of the Pacific islands. About 800 species in 47 genera are described worldwide about 70 of which are found in North America.
 The Watson's Mottle (Logania watsoniana) is a small but striking butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Dubianaclia amplificata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Saalmüller in 1880. It is found in Madagascar.
 Metula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Mexican gray squirrel (or red-bellied squirrel) (Sciurus aureogaster) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Guatemala and in eastern and southern Mexico and is an introduced species in the Florida Keys.The alternate name of this squirrel (red-bellied squirrel) should not be confused with the Indonesian red-bellied squirrel (Rubrisciurus rubriventer). The two subspecies each have many synonyms associated with them: The subspecies S. a. aureogaster was also known as S. a.
 Drasteria ochracea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south through the western parts of the United States from Washington south to Arizona.The wingspan is about 46 mm.
 Calosima sepulturae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Euproctus is a genus of salamander in the Salamandridae family. It contains the following species: Euproctus montanus – Corsican Brook Salamander Euproctus platycephalus – Sardinian Brook Salamander
 Wake's hidden salamander (Cryptotriton wakei) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in the Sierra del Merendón range in Guatemala and possibly Honduras.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Holocraspedon parallelum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Semper in 1899. It is found on the Philippines.
 Acrolophus pauper is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 The Chrysotricha Skipper or Goldenhaired Sedge-skipper (Hesperilla chrysotricha) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Victoria Tasmania South Australia and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 35 mm for males. Females are slightly larger.The larvae feed on various sword grasses including Gahnia decomposita Gahnia deusta Gahnia filum Gahnia microstachya Gahnia radula Gahnia sieberiana and Gahnia trifida.
 Deltaspis nigripennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 Wolffsohn's Leaf-eared Mouse (Phyllotis wolffsohni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Bolivia.
 Tosena mearesiana is a cicada species from Southeast Asia. It was described in 1842 by Westwood from a specimen originating from the Himalayas. It has also been recorded from Sikkim in India.
 Benimakia marquesana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Metallosticha argyrogrammos is a species of snout moth. It is found in Italy the Republic of Macedonia Greece Bulgaria and Romania.
 Melanopsis trifasciata is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Melanopsidae. This species of snail is found only in streams and brackish estuaries in New Zealand.
 Conus isabelarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Grey-hooded White-eye (Lophozosterops pinaiae) also known as the Grey-hooded Ibon is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Graphidipus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Daphnella epicharta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Mordellina marginalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 Eupithecia yangana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are pale grey crossed by darker grey lines forming blackish dashes on the veins. The hindwings are paler grey without markings towards the costa.
 Eois fulva is a moth in the Geometridae family. It was described from San Antonio.
 The Wattle bagworm (Kotochalia junodi formerly Acanthopsyche junodi) is a species of moth in the family Psychidae. In Southern Africa it is a pest of the Black Wattle Acacia mearnsii which is grown largely as a source of vegetable tannin.
 Turritella variegata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 The Funerary Dagger Moth or Paddle Caterpillar (Acronicta funeralis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has a scattered distribution. It is found from Manitoba to Nova Scotia south to Maryland. It is also found in Georgia Mississippi Texas and along the west-coast from California to British Columbia.The wingspan is 32–40 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August depending on the location.
 Xylota sylvarum is a common European species of hoverfly.
 The Orange-backed Woodpecker (Reinwardtipicus validus) is a woodpecker found in Indonesia and Malaysia. It is the only member of the genus Reinwardtipicus.
 Azaera muciella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Schaus in 1913. It is found in Central America including Costa Rica and Panama.
 Phyllonorycter mwatawalai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in the Morogoro area of Tanzania. The habitat consists of a degraded savannah-like natural biotope rich in low-growing woody Acacia trees and bushes and thick low dry herbarious vegetation. The area was surrounded by cultivated agricultural areas (orchards and maize fields).The length of the forewings is 1.7 mm. The forewing is elongate and the ground colour is ochreous with a golden lustre and with white markings.
 Eupithecia fuscicostata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Romania the Republic of Macedonia and Greece as well as the Near East and Iran.
 Lepismadora algodones is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Lepismadora.
 Ictidopappus is an extinct genus of Viverravidae. The genus contains at least one species; Ictidopappus mustelinus. It was first described by Simpson in 1935.
 Elophila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Opahs (also commonly known as moonfish sunfish kingfish redfin ocean pan and Jerusalem haddock) are large colorful deep-bodied pelagic lampriform fishes comprising the small family Lampridae (also spelled Lamprididae). Only two living species occur in a single genus: Lampris (from the Greek lamprid- brilliant or clear).
 The Rennell Shrikebill (Clytorhynchus hamlini) is a songbird species in the family Monarchidae.It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.The binomial commemorates Dr. Hannibal Hamlin leader of the Whitney South Seas Expedition who died in 1982.
 The Barred triplefin (Enneapterygius clarkae) is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by W. Holleman in 1982 and was given its species epithet in honour of American ichthyologist Eugenie Clark. It is a tropical blenny known from the Indian Ocean and has been described from the Red Sea to Natal South Africa. Male barred triplefins can reach a maximum length of 2.5 centimetres.
 Stalagmia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Favartia diomedaea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Austromitra tasmanica is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Apodemus is the genus of Muridae (true mice and rats) which contains the Eurasian field mice.
 Philine auriformis is a species of sea snail a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Philinidae the headshield slugs. Philine auriformis (commonly known as the New Zealand sea slug) eats small clams and worms. This species can grow to be as big as 70 mm but are usually 35 mm in adult size. They live on muddy bottoms in the intertidal zone of bays and estuaries.
 Spurrell's Woolly Bat (Kerivoula phalaena) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family named after Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Perrinia stellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae .
 Cochylis militariana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in south-eastern Turkey.
 Micropardalis aurella is a moth of the Micropterigidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 12 mm.
 Trypeta diana is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Neoclinus stephensae the Yellowfin fringehead is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 The Silver Cloud (Egira conspicillaris) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Iberian Peninsula to Russia. In the north it ranges to the Baltic Region and in the south to North Africa. It is also present in Western Asia up to the Caspian Sea.The wingspan is 36–44 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Genista tinctoria Cytisus scoparius and Clematis vitalba.
 Phyllonorycter muelleriella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from the Baltic States to the Pyrenees Italy and Greece and from Great Britain to central and southern Russia.The wingspan is about 8 millimetres (0.31 in). Adults are on wing in May and again in August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Quercus cerris Quercus petraea Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Clavatula helena is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Bebearia sophus the Sophus Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda Kenya Tanzania and possibly Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and Angola. The habitat consists of low to montane forests.Adults are attracted to fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Landolphia and Chysophyllum species.
 Mimorista is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Draco mindanensis commonly known as the Mindanao flying dragon is a lizard species endemic to the Philippines. Characterized by a dull grayish brown body color and a vivid tangerine orange dewlap this species is one of the largest of the genus Draco. It is diurnal arboreal and capable of gliding.The Mindanao flying dragon inhabits regions of primary and secondary-growth forests. There appears to be a dependence on primary dipterocarp forest for this species' survival. D.
 Hyloxalus cevallosi is a species of poison dart frog in the Dendrobatidae family. It is named after Don Gabriel Cavallos a famous Ecuadorean writer. This species of frog exists on the east side of the Andes and in Ecuador near the Pastaza Province as well as the Zamora-Chinchipe Province. Though it has been recorded in Peru the records have yet to be confirmed. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Black-banded Woodcreeper (Dendrocolaptes picumnus) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily the woodcreepers.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador French Guiana Guatemala Guyana Honduras Mexico Panama Paraguay Peru Suriname and Venezuela.In South America it is found in the Guyanas most of the Amazon Basin and parts of the western Pantanal.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Blenina quinaria is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalaya India western China Vietnam Taiwan Peninsular Malaysia Borneo the Philippines and Japan (Kyushu: Oita Kumamoto).The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are grey. The hindwings are pale fawnish grey with a darker border.The larvae feed on Pterocarya species. They are apple green with yellow stripes bordered by fine red lines.
 Pomatoceros triqueter is a species of tube-building annelid worm in the class Polychaeta. It is common on the north eastern coasts of the Atlantic Ocean and in the Mediterranean Sea.Polychaetes or marine bristle worms have elongated bodies divided into many segments. Each segment may bear setae (bristles) and parapodia (paddle-like appendages). Some species live freely either swimming crawling or burrowing and these are known as errant.
 Acalyptris lorantivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Janse in 1948. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Cape Province).The larvae feed on Boscia oleoides.
 Leptotyphlops albipunctus or the Tucuman blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Autographa rubida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland west across southern Canada to south-eastern British Columbia south to Maine and Minnesota.The wingspan is about 35 mm. Adults are on wing in June depending on the location. There is a single generation per year.The larval food plants are unknown but larvae have been reared on Taraxacum officinale.
 Stenalia macrocephala is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1957 by Franciscolo.
 Petasina unidentata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Bar-winged Weaver (Ploceus angolensis) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 Tomoxia carinata is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Smith in 1883.
 La Lorgnette (foaled 1982 in Ontario) is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Tomoxia paulonotata is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1936.
 Chrysoclista thrypsiphila is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The Black-headed Antbird (Percnostola rufifrons) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.Some authorities now regard the subspecies minor as a separate species with the English name Amazonas Antbird.It was described as a separate species by A. P. Capparella Gary H. Rosenberg & Steven W.
 Lepthoplosternum altamazonicum is a species of catfish of the family Callichthyidae. It is found in the upper Amazon River basin in Peru and Brazil
 The Makira Starling (Aplonis dichroa) also known as the San Cristobal Starling is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family. It is endemic to Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Antona toxaridia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The yellow-headed gecko (Gonatodes albogularis) is a species of gecko found in warm parts of Central and South America. The yellow-headed gecko feeds on insects and can grow up to between 69 - 90 millimetres (2.7 - 3.5 in). Male yellow-headed geckos have yellowish heads and blue-blue bodies unlike the female yellow-headed geckos which have white-gray heads and bodies. The species are also identified by their round pupils and digits without extending lamellae.
 The black caecilian Epicrionops niger is a species of caecilian in the Rhinatrematidae family found in Guyana Venezuela and possibly Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Psilogramma maxmouldsi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Heteropsis centralis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola and Zambia.
 The Bare-eyed Rail (Gymnocrex plumbeiventris) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Telicota is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Cerithiovermetus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Etheostoma lynceum the brighteye darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern half of the United States.
 Mitromica williamsae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Double-eyed Algibelle (Abablemma duomaculata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Texas south into Mexico. There are probably multiple generations per year.Larvae have been reared on Physcia species but probably also feed on other lichens.
 Brookula enderbyensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The Barrandeocerina comprise a suborder of Early Paleozoic nautiloid cephalopods primitively coiled but later forms may be cyroconic gyroconic torticonic and even breviconic all having empty siphuncles with thin connecting rings. The Barrandeocerina were originally defined as a separate order by Rousseau Flower (Flower and Kummel 1950) but since then have been united within the Tarphycerida as a suborder (Teichert 1988).
 Polyortha suffalcata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Schistura geisleri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Neuroxena postrubidus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Mohnia krampi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Debussy (foaled 26 February 2006) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Arlington Million in 2010. Debussy was trained by John Gosden.
 The Zambezi flapshell turtle (Cycloderma frenatum) is a species of softshell turtle (family Trionychidae). Within its family it belongs to the smaller and exclusively Old World subfamily the Cyclanorbinae.
 The Rufescent Darkeye (Tephrozosterops stalkeri) also known as the Bicoloured White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Tephrozosterops.[citation needed] It is endemic to the island of Seram in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Epidromia pannosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Florida and central Mexico southward through the Caribbean and Central America to Brazil.The larvae feed on Psidium species including Psidium guajava.
 Exilisia bijuga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1899. It is found on Madagascar.
 Palline is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Claravis is a genus that contains three species of doves that live in the Neotropics with ranges in Middle America and South America. Claravis doves have red eyes and pink legs and the plumages of the males are primarily light grey-blue and the females are primarily brown. Both sexes have a series of distinctive spots or bands on the wings. They are fairly arboreal for ground doves. Claravis doves have a distinct fast and rocking flight pattern.
 Mesogobius is a genus of gobies native to the basins of the Black and Caspian Seas.
 Neosebastes is a genus of gurnard scorpionfishes native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Coleophora calandrella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Morocco.
 The Iberian Marbled White (Melanargia lachesis) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found on the Iberian Peninsula and the south of France.The length of the forewings is 25–28 mm. The butterflies fly in one generation from June to August.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Anopina pinana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Jalisco).
 The Laotian giant flying squirrel (Biswamoyopterus laoensis) is an arboreal flying squirrel endemic to Laos. It was the second member in the genus Biswamoyopterus. First collected (September 2012) in Thongnami market Ban Thongnami Pak Kading District Bolikhamxai Province.
 Barbus trispilomimus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Drillia bruuni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Paraclinus altivelis the Topgallant blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California where it can be found in the vicinity of reefs at depths of from 7.6 to 30 metres (25 to 98 ft).
 Ariphrades is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Zebrida is a small genus of distinctive striped crabs known as zebra crabs that live in association with sea urchins in the Indo-Pacific.
 Prodryas persephone is an extinct butterfly known from a single specimen from Eocene rocks. It was the first fossil butterfly to be found in North America and is unusually well preserved. Its closest relatives are the genera Hypanartia and Antanartia.
 Coleoxestia setigera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Bohemannia ussuriella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by R.K. Puplesis in 1984. It is known from the Russian Far East and Japan.
 Montereina concinna is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Hoplias curupira also known as the Black Wolf-fish has a wide distribution in the Amazon basin but was described as recently as 2009.
 Holcopogonidae is a family of moths. They belong to the huge the superfamily Gelechioidea of which they represent a minor but apparently quite distinct lineage.They sometimes include the subfamily Autostichinae from the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). In this case the combined group's name is the senior synonym Autostichidae and the present group becomes its subfamily Holcopogoninae.
 The least darter Etheostoma microperca is a freshwater fish generally found in lakes and streams in northeastern part of the United States and along the Mississippi River systems.
 Pseudopostega divaricata is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from northern Argentina.The length of the forewings is 3.5–4.8 mm. Adults have been recorded in January and November.
 Lyria doutei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Scaly-sided Merganser or Chinese Merganser (Mergus squamatus) is an endangered typical merganser (genus Mergus). It lives in temperate East Asia breeding in the north and wintering in the south.
 The Chinese salamander (Hynobius chinensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes freshwater springs and arable land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The small-headed grunter (Scortum parviceps) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family. It is endemic to Australia.
 Diadegma buckelli is a wasp first described by Henry Lorenz Viereck in 1925.No subspecies are listed.
 Amorbia humerosana the White-lined Leafroller is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from the Gulf States to the north-eastern United States and south-eastern Canada.The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm for males and 12–13.5 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey the median and subterminal fasciae paler varying to a pale brown with a dark costal blotch. The hindwings are brown with a darker patch at the apex.
 Nipponoharpalus discrepans is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Nipponoharpalus. Nippon refers to the location where it is found Japan
 Eleutherodactylus ginesi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euglandina indusiata is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Anarsia choana is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Park in 1995. It is found in Taiwan.
 Peschetius is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Peschetius aethiopicus Omer-Cooper 1964 Peschetius carinipennis (Régimbart 1895) Peschetius nigeriensis Omer-Cooper 1970 Peschetius nodieri (Régimbart 1895) Peschetius parvus Omer-Cooper 1970 Peschetius quadricostatus (Aubé 1838) Peschetius sudanensis Omer-Cooper 1970 Peschetius toxophorus Guignot 1942 Peschetius ultimus Biström & Nilsson 2003↑
 Hypotia saramitoi is a species of snout moths in the genus Imerina. It was described by Guillermet in 1996 and is known from La Réunion.It has a length of the forewings of around 10 millimetres (0.39 in).
 Nodipecten magnificus is a species of bivalve in the Pectinidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Enchelycore tamarae is a moray eel found in coral reefs around India. It was first named by Prokofiev in 2005 and might feed on crustaceans.
 Archilestes is a genus of damselflies in the family Lestidae. Like most members of Lestidae Archliestes rest with their wings spread out.
 Paludomidae common name paludomids is a family of freshwater snails gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.
 Stigmella viscerella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in central and southern Europe including Great Britain but not on the Iberian Peninsula.The wingspan is 5–6 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June in one generation.The larvae feed on Ulmus minor. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine which is very compact consists of a strongly contorted corridor in the form of loops. Only the last part of the corridor is free.
 Pachymerium is a genus of centipedes in the family Geophilidae containing the following species:
 Cyclotorna egena is a moth of the Cyclotornidae family. It is found in Australia including New South Wales and Queensland.
 Orthaga icarusalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found on Borneo.
 Nachaba auritalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Nachaba. It is found in Brazil.
 Scorpion (foaled February 5 2002) is a racehorse trained in Ireland by Aidan O'Brien and owned by Sue Magnier and Michael Tabor.As a three-year-old in 2005 he won the Grand Prix de Paris (in record time) and the St. Leger Stakes. In 2007 he won the Coronation Cup.He now stands as a stallion for Coolmore's National Hunt breeding arm.
 Bathyuroconger parvibranchialis is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Henry Weed Fowler in 1934 originally under the genus Silvesterina. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western central Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 1023 metres.
 Alucita isodina is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from Tanzania.
 Sphinx ligustri known as the Privet Hawk Moth is a species of moth found in most of the Palearctic ecozone.It has a 12 centimetres (4.7 in) wingspan and is found in urban areas forests and woodlands.The male Privet Hawk-moth can make a hissing sound if disturbed by rubbing together a set of scales and spines at the end of its abdomen.
 The Wompoo Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus magnificus) also known as Wompoo Pigeon is one of the larger Fruit Doves native to New Guinea and Australia.
 Laevilitorina bifasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Old Rosebud (1911–1922) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse whose pedigree traced to the influential sire Eclipse and through Eclipse to the founding stallion the Godolphin Arabian. In the list of the top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century by Blood-Horse magazine Old Rosebud ranks 88th. Despite a successful racing career Old Rosebud was plagued by ailments throughout his life culminating in a fatal injury at a claiming race when he was 11 years old.
 Apicalia habei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Disphragis thrinax is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in north-eastern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is greenish white and the ground colour of the hindwings is white.
 Simplicia mistacalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 The Doryctinae or doryctine wasps are a large subfamily of braconid parasitic wasps (Braconidae) with a worldwide distribution (except the polar regions). Numerous genera and species formerly unknown to science are being described every year.
 Kasania is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. It contains only one species Kasania arundinalis which is found in Poland Ukraine and Russia.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.
 Chrysallida vanderlindeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Elibia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 The Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae is a large family of small passerine birds mostly restricted to the Old World (Europe Africa and Asia). These are mainly small arboreal insectivores many of which as the name implies take their prey on the wing.
 Collix is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nystalus is a genus of puffbird in the Bucconidae family. It contains the following species: White-eared Puffbird (Nystalus chacuru) Spot-backed Puffbird (Nystalus maculatus) Caatinga Puffbird (Nystalus (maculatus) maculatus) Chaco Puffbird (Nystalus (maculatus) striatipectus) Barred Puffbird (Nystalus radiatus) Striolated Puffbird (Nystalus striolatus)
 Choreutis cyanotoxa is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found on the Solomon islands.
 Antichloris caca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hübner in 1818. It is found in Guatemala Panama Surinam and Brazil (Para Rio de Janeiro).
 Coleophora keireuki is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on the leaves of Caroxylon species including Caroxylon orientalis. They create a leafy tubular straight case. It consists of two to three cylindrical pieces. No expansion of the case takes place. The surface is completely covered with leaf pubescence. The valve is three-sided. The length of the case is 7-12 mm and it is yellow to chocolate-brown or brownish in color.
 Obovaria retusa is a rare species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. Its common names include golf stick pearly mussel and ring pink. It is native to parts of the eastern and southeastern United States but it remains in very little of its original range. There may be no viable populations left.
 Haploplatytes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Parafodina inscripta is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in south west Madagascar.It has an expansion of 25 mm.
 Common name: centipede eaters.Aparallactus is a genus of rear-fanged venomous snakes found in Africa. Currently 11 species are recognized.
 Archyala lindsayi is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1927. It is found in New Zealand.
 Heliura rhodophila is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Honduras Costa Rica and Brazil (Para).
 Ogygites is an Ordovician genus of the trilobite family Asaphidae with the type species Ogygites desmaresti. Species of Ogygites include the following:Ogygites corndensis from WalesOgygites desmaresti from southern FranceOgygites guettardi from southern France↑
 The Dos Cocorite (Pseustes poecilonotus) is a snake which is found in Amazonian South America the Guianas Venezuela and Trinidad and Tobago. It feeds on frogs lizards birds and small mammals.
 Siphoniulus is a poorly known genus of millipede containing only two species: S. alba from Indonesia and S. neotropicus from Mexico and Guatemala. These two species are the only members of the family Siphoniulidae and order Siphoniulida making Siphoniulida the smallest millipede order. Few specimens are known and their classification is contentious although most recent studies place them as basal members of the Helminthomorpha (worm-like millipedes).
 Androlaelaps schaeferi (formerly known as Gromphadorholaelaps schaeferi) is a mite that lives on the Madagascar hissing cockroach (Gromphadorhina portentosa). While it was formerly believed that it sucks body fluid from its host coloring experiments have shown that this is false. Instead it takes part in its host's meal. They are usually concentrated between the host's legs and around the spiracles.
 Callisto coffeella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Pyrenees Italy and Romania and from Scotland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing in June.The larvae feed on Salix arbuscula Salix phylicifolia and Salix silesiaca. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Young larvae make a distinctly folded lower-surface tentiform mine.
 Adulis serratalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Gambia.
 Siphonochelus longicornis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ecleora solieraria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France Andorra and Spain.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Cupressus and Juniperus species.
 The Western bearded anole (Anolis barbatus) is a species of Anolis lizard from Cuba.
 Perittopus zhengi is a species of Riffle bug from Thailand.
 Callulops kopsteini is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Maoridaphne is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eliotia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Scopula ochrea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Yemen and Oman.
 The Essex Skipper (Thymelicus lineola) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. In North America it is known as the European Skipper.With a wingspan of 2.5 to 2.9 cm it is very similar in appearance to the Small Skipper Thymelicus sylvestris. They can be told apart by the undersides of the tips of the antennae: the Essex skipper's are black whereas those of the Small Skipper are orange. This butterfly occurs throughout much of the Palaearctic region.
 Pseudodirphia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Lucanus tetraodon is a beetle of the Family Lucanidae.
 Parasiccia fuscipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Taiwan.
 Parornix errantella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Virgin Islands (Saint Thomas).
 Craniophora pontica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the southern Balkans through the Near East and parts of the Middle East to Afghanistan. In the Levant it has been recorded from Lebanon and Israel.Adults are on wing from April to May and in September. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Fraxinus species.
 The Socorro Mockingbird (Mimus graysoni) is an endangered mockingbird endemic to Socorro Island in Mexico's Revillagigedo Islands. The specific epithet commemorates the American ornithologist Andrew Jackson Grayson.Mimus graysoni shows its close relationship to the Northern and Tropical Mockingbirds rather subtly. It is a much stouter bird resembling some thrashers in habitus. It also has a distinct juvenile plumage more rufous above and with heavy pattern especially below.
 Dirona albolineata is a species of sea slug an Eastern Pacific Ocean nudibranch a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Dironidae.This species feeds on bryozoans.
 Phyllocnistis puyehuensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Chile. It was named by D.R. Davis in 1994.
 The pita skate (Okamejei pita) is a medium-sized skate in the genus Okamejei. The holotype and only known specimen was found in the northern Persian Gulf in Iraqi waters. It was collected at a depth of less than 15 m (49 ft).It is around 46 cm (18 in) in length and the coloration pattern (described from a specimen preserved in alcohol) is light brown dorsal body with irrgegular darker brown blotches and a light brown ventral body. The tail is slightly darker than the body.
 Rhinotyphlops graueri is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Africa.
 Neptidopsis is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in Africa commonly called Sailors.
 Crocomela intensa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Venezuela.
 Ceratrichia crowleyi Crowley’s Forest Sylph is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and south-western Ghana. The habitat consists of wetter forests especially near streams.
 Macrobathra heminephela is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Barbus okae is a species of cyprinid fish that is endemic to the Congo Republic.
 Acleros bibundica is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Pusillina is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 Petaloconchus interliratus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Bolma maestratii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Cornisepta levinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Scopula aegrefasciata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Acrobasis corethropus is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Turner in 1904. It is found in Australia.
 Brustiarius is a genus of freshwater sea catfishes found in the Malay Archipelago. There are currently two described species.
 Uromastyx geyri commonly known as the Saharan Uromastyx Saharan Spiny-tailed Lizard or Geyr's Dabb Lizard is a species of lizard belonging to the family Agamidae. It is found in rocky semi-arid habitats in North Africa its range including parts of Algeria Mali and Niger.
 Azamora is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1858 and is known from Venezuela Brazil Surinam and French Guinea.
 Hilarographa cymatodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sumba Island.
 Apatopygus occidentalis is a species of sea urchin of the family Apatopygidae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Apatopygus and lives in the sea. Apatopygus occidentalis was first scientifically described in 1928 by Hubert Lyman Clark American zoologist.
 The lion-tailed macaque (Macaca silenus) or the wanderoo is an Old World monkey endemic to the Western Ghats of South India.
 Prunum antillanum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Greater Akialoa (Hemignathus ellisianus) was a large bird growing up to 19 centimetres (7.5 in) long. Its bill took up to a third of the body length. The species had three forms confined to Lanai Oahu and Kauai respectively. It did not include the much smaller Hawaii Akialoa which was considered a full species. The Lanai and Oahu forms are extinct while there is a remote possibility that the Kauai form survives.
 The Saffron Finch (Sicalis flaveola) is a tanager from South America that is common in open and semi-open areas in lowlands outside the Amazon Basin. They have a wide distribution in Colombia northern Venezuela (where it is called canario de tejado or roof canary) western Ecuador western Peru eastern and southern Brazil (where it is called canário da terra or native canary) Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay northern Argentina and Trinidad and Tobago.
 Sarosa ozora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Colombia.
 Macroaulostomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Propalaehoplophorus is an extinct genus of glyptodont which lived in Bolivia during the Miocene epoch.
 Encke (foaled 24 February 2009) is an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. As of September 2012 he has run six times and won three races. He is best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes at Doncaster Racecourse on 15 September 2012 when he defeated the Triple Crown bid of Camelot. In spring of 2013 Encke was banned from racing after failing a drug test.
 The plains rat or plains mouse or eastern mouse or palyoora (Pseudomys australis) is a threatened rodent species native to inland Australia.
 Melinoessa pieridaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Blue-banded Pitta (Erythropitta arquata) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Prays gamma is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is about 14 mm.
 The Northern Rock Mouse (Peromyscus nasutus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Mexico and the United States.
 Derobrachus leechi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Linsley in 1977.
 Lasiothyris megapenis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 Cochranella duidaeana is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family. Its local name is ranita de cristal del Duida (Duida glass-frog).It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its conservation status is unknown.
 Acrosemia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Madasphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 The Blind Ringlet Erebia pharte is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is an Alpine butterfly.
 Sterba's corydoras (Corydoras sterbai) is a member of the South American Corydoras genus of freshwater aquarium catfish and one of the most popular species of Corydoras due to its attractive markings.Sterba's Cory is distinguishable from other Corydoras species as it has white spots on its head from eyes down to snout. It is occasionally confused with Corydoras haraldschultzi; the difference is that the latter has a pattern of black dots on a white background on the head C.
 Charaxes nobilis the Noble White Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 Oegoconia ariadne is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on Crete and the Dodecanese and Aegean Islands.
 Mayson (foaled 16 May 2008) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the July Cup by five lengths in 2012. He is owned by David Armstrong and Cheveley Park Stud and trained by Richard Fahey.
 Sindicola is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The monjon (Petrogale burbidgei) also known as the warabi and Burbridge's rock weasel is the smallest of the many species of rock-wallaby found in Australia. It is found in areas of the Kimberley region of Western Australia and also on some islands in the Bonaparte Archipelago.The monjon was described in 1978 having long eluded discovery.
 Nosea hainanensis is only species in the butterfly genus Nosea of the Nymphalidae family found in Asia.
 Eilema gashorai is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1980. It is found in Rwanda.
 Metacoceras is a nautilitoid cephalopod from the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian) and Permian the shell of which is moderately evolute with a subquadrate whorl section bearing nodes on the ventral or umbilical shoulders or both but otherwise smooth. The siphuncle is small subcentral and orthochoanitic. The suture has shallow ventral and lateral lobes but no dorsal or annular lobe. Matacoceras named by Hyatt 1883 is a genus in the nautilid superfamily Tainocerataceae.
 Amytornis is a genus of birds in the Maluridae family.It contains the following species: Grey Grasswren (Amytornis barbatus) White-throated Grasswren (Amytornis woodwardi) Carpentarian Grasswren (Amytornis dorotheae) Striated Grasswren (Amytornis striatus) Short-tailed Grasswren (Amytornis merrotsyi) Eyrean Grasswren (Amytornis goyderi) Western Grasswren (Amytornis textilis) Thick-billed Grasswren (Amytornis modestus) Dusky Grasswren (Amytornis purnelli) Black Grasswren (Amytornis housei) Kalkadoon Grasswren - (Amytornis ballarae)
 Staphylinochrous holotherma is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Variable Cattleheart (Parides erithalion) is a North American and South American butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
 Cyanophrys bertha is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Liocrobyla lobata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū and Kyūshū) and Korea.The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Pueraria species including Pueraria montana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a digitate blotch under the epidermis of the upper surface. It is pale green or pale greyish brown.
 Charaxes gallagheri Gallagher’s Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in central and eastern Zimbabwe and Zambia. The habitat consists of granite-boulder hills in savanna.There are two generations per year with adults on wing from November to December and again from late February to April.The larvae feed on Diospyros natalensis.
 Mordella schwarzi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1945.
 The Silky Owl (Taenaris catops) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in New Guinea and surrounding islands.The wingspan is 75–95 mm.The larvae feed on Cordyline terminalis Musa species Areca catechu and Caryopta rumphiana.
 Wistful (foaled in 1946 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. The daughter of Sun Again and granddaughter of Sun Teddy is best remembered for wins in the Kentucky Oaks the Coaching Club American Oaks the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course. In 1949 she was voted by the country's top sports writers as the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.
 Argyroeides ortona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Ecuador.
 Schwartziella rarilineata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Pleurotomella corrida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Parapristipoma is a genus of grunts native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Enneapterygius trisignatus is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Fricke in 2001.
 Hadrothemis versuta is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Guinea Liberia Nigeria Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Saurita admota is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1931. It is found in Brazil.
 The Chalky Wave (Scopula purata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern North America from Ontario and New Hampshire to Florida and to Mississippi.
 Garra orientalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Monoplex comptus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Xylophanes kaempferi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Paraguay.It is very similar to Xylophanes elara but the forewing apex is less falcate and the dark scaling of the submarginal band on the hindwing upperside is lacking. Thus making the band entirely green.Adults are probably on wing year round.The larvae possibly feed on Psychotria panamensis Psychotria nervosa and Pavonia guanacastensis.
 Atlasaurus (AT-luh-SAWR-us - Atlas - the Titan who held up the heavens according to Greek mythology + Greek sauros meaning lizard) was a moderately large genus of sauropod dinosaur from Middle Jurassic (Bathonian to Callovian stages) beds in North Africa.
 The genus Elasmus is the only member of the hymenopteran subfamily Elasminae (formerly classified as a separate family Elasmidae) and contains over 200 species worldwide. They are mostly parasitoids or hyperparasitoids of lepidopteran larvae though several species are parasitoids of Polistes paper wasp larvae.
 Bokermann's lime tree frog Sphaenorhynchus prasinus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.Its population trend is decreasing probably due to habitat loss.
 Achaea simplex is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Waigeo Mysol the northern Moluccas Sulawesi and Borneo.
 Sigapatella tenuis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails Chinese hat snails and cup-and-saucer snails. It is found in New Zealand. The shell of this species is 6 mm in size.
 Henslow's Sparrow (Ammodramus henslowii) is a small American sparrow.Adults have streaked brown upperparts with a light brown breast with streaks a white belly and a white throat. They have a pale stripe on the crown with a dark stripe on each side an olive face and neck rust-coloured wings and a short dark forked tail.Their breeding habitat is shrubby fields often wet in southern Canada the northeastern United States and the Midwestern United States.
 Pseudometachilo is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Depressaria is a moth genus of the superfamily Gelechioidea. It is the type genus of subfamily Depressariinae which is often – particularly in older treatments – considered a distinct family Depressariidae or included in the Elachistidae but actually seems to belong in the Oecophoridae.The genus' type species is the Parsnip Moth. Its scientific name has been much confused for about 200 years. A.H.
 Oedebasis ovipennis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Mozambique Seychelles and La Réunion.Male: Head thorax and abdomen are reddish brown mixed with black forewings pale red-brown irrorated with black.Hidewings pale fuscous brown.Female: Vertex of thorax white abdomen whitish.Their wingspan is 30mm.
 Prociphilini is an insect tribe of the order Hemiptera. Prociphilini are aphids that cause the plants they attack to produce galls in which they reside and feed.
 Acraea burgessi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda (Kigezi) and the Democratic Republic of Congo (northern Kivu).
 Typhlomangelia innocentia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Paracerceis sculpta is a species of marine isopod between 1.3 millimetres (0.05 in) and 10.3 mm (0.41 in) in length. The species lives mainly in the intertidal zone and is native to the Northeast Pacific from Southern California to Mexico but has since been introduced to many other countries. Adults are herbivorous and consume algae but juveniles are carnivorous and consume moulting females. They reproduce in sponges but do not feed near them.
 Monachus is a genus containing the monk seals a group of three pinniped species. They are the only earless seals that are found in tropical climates. They are now extremely rare and the genus is in imminent danger of going entirely extinct with only very limited genetic variation in the two surviving species.
 Opostega idiocoma is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is known from Natal in South Africa.Adults have been recorded in January.
 The Iberian ribbed newt or Spanish ribbed newt (Pleurodeles waltl) is a newt endemic to the central and southern Iberian Peninsula and Morocco. It is known for its sharp ribs which can puncture through its sides and as such is also called the sharp-ribbed newt.
 Allorapisma is an extinct genus of moth lacewing containing the single species Allorapisma chuorum which existed in what is now Washington during the Eocene period.
 Galba viatrix is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 Copelatus baoulicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Pederzani in 1978.
 Labyrinthus leucodon is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Labyrinthus.
 Copelatus dolosus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1956.
 Zyzzyzus is a small genus of marine tubulariid hydrozoans which grow embedded in sponges.
 Deroceras invadens is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Agriolimacidae. Until 2011 this widely distributed species was known as Deroceras panormitanum and earlier as Deroceras caruanae or Agriolimax caruanae but Reise et al. (2011) showed that these names refer to a distinct species of similar external appearance known only from Sicily and Malta.
 Comely (foaled 1912) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred and raced by James Butler owner of the Empire City Race Track her sire was Disguise who raced in England for owner/breeder James R. Keene and was the winner of the 1900 Jockey Club Stakes and who also ran third in that year's Epsom Derby. Both her grandsire and damsire were elected to the U.S.
 Oxyalcia mira is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Oxyalcia. It was described by Druce in 1902 and is known from Ecuador.
 Lycochoriolaus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Lycochoriolaus angustatus (Melzer 1935) Lycochoriolaus angustisternis (Gounelle 1911) Lycochoriolaus ater (Gounelle 1911) Lycochoriolaus aurifer (Linsley 1970) Lycochoriolaus costulatus (Bates 1885) Lycochoriolaus lateralis (Olivier 1795) Lycochoriolaus lyciformis (Pascoe 1866) Lycochoriolaus mimulus (Bates 1885) Lycochoriolaus sericeus (Bates 1885) Lycochoriolaus similis (Linsley 1970) Lycochoriolaus xantho (Bates 1885)↑
 Fulgurofusus ecphoroides is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Stenaelurillus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Cumia schoutanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.
 Vexillum melongena is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Antiplanes isaotakii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Galaxiella is an Australian genus of fish of the family Galaxiidae.
 Habronattus americanus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family.
 Carposina zymota is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in New Guinea and northern Australia.
 The yellow-spotted keelback Xenochrophis flavipunctatus is a species of colubrid snake found inIndia Thailand China West Malaysia Laos Cambodia Vietnam Indonesia (Sumatra Java and Kalimantan) Its type locality is: Island of Hong Kong (Hong Kong) and Canton River? ChinaIUCN includes Taiwan in the range of X. flavipunctatus but excludes India Malaysia and Indonesia.X. f. schnurrenbergeri of Nepal is now considered an independent species Xenochrophis schnurrenbergeri.
 Limnadiidae is a family of crustaceans in the order Spinicaudata that live in seasonal wetlands inland saline pools and lakes. They are found on all the world's continents except Antarctica and are distinguished from other families in the same order by the fact that the cephalic fornicies do not extend forwards.
 Eulepidotis persimilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Brazil Costa Rica and Honduras.
 Lusitanops macrapex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Mordella curta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1927.
 Yunnanilus elakatis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 Caralophia loxochila the Slantlip eel is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in the western Atlantic Ocean in shallow waters around the Florida Keys Bahamas and Brazil.
 The Boinae are a subfamily of boas found in Central and South America Africa and Southeast Asia. Five genera comprising 28 species are currently recognized.
 Fallotaspidella is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Regimbartina pruinosa is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Regimbartina.
 Martins's tamarin Saguinus martinsi is a species of tamarin endemic to Brazil.
 Geosesarma malayanum is a species of small red crab which is found in Malaysia. It is famous for its relationship with pitcher plants: as such it is classified as a nepenthephile. G. malayanum is known to visit Nepenthes ampullaria plants and raid the pitchers of their contents. It uses its claws to crush and consume the drowned prey. However it has been reported that the crabs are occasionally trapped by pitchers in Brunei.
 Orthocomotis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 The dwarf anole or Puerto Rican twig anole (Anolis occultus) is a species of Anolis lizard that is endemic to Puerto Rico. It is also called the limestone anole. Its habitat includes places like the Toro Negro State Forest in central Puerto Rico.
 Mordellistena nanula is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1967.
 Eulepidotis bourgaulti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana Brazil (Amazonas) and Peru.
 Gonatista grisea common name Grizzled Mantis or Lichen Mimic is a species of praying mantis native to the Southern United States primarily Florida.
 Papilio oxynius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Cuba.
 The Blackbutt Leafminer (Acrocercops laciniella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales Queensland Victoria South Australia Tasmania and India. It has recently been found also in New Zealand.The wingspan is about 10 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species including Eucalyptus eugenioides Eucalyptus pilularis Eucalyptus piperita Eucalyptus salignus and Eucalyptus triantha. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Hexachaetus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Hexachaetus angulatus (Schmidt-Goebel 1846) Hexachaetus laevissimus Chaudoir 1878 Hexachaetus lateralis (Guerin-Meneville 1843) Hexachaetus maculatus Tian & Deuve 2004 Hexachaetus maindroni Tian & Deuve 2006 Hexachaetus perroti Tian & Deuve 2006 Hexachaetus prodigus Tian & Deuve 2006 Hexachaetus taylorae Tian & Deuve 2006 Hexachaetus tristis Liebke 1937↑
 The Visayan Pygmy Babbler (Dasycrotapha pygmaea) is a bird species endemic to the Philippines. The genus Dasycrotapha . It was placed in the family Timaliidae but found recently to be better placed in the family Zosteropidae.It was formerly included with the Mindanao Pygmy Babbler (D. plateni) under the common name of Pygmy Babbler.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 The Dusky Crag Martin (Ptyonoprogne concolor) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family. It is about 13 cm (5.1 in) long with a broad body and wings and a short square tail that has small white patches near the tips of most of its feathers. This martin has sooty-brown upperparts and slightly paler underparts.
 The Daurian hedgehog (Mesechinus dauuricus) is a solitary small hedgehog. It is listed in the Red book of Russian Federation as a protected species with an unclear status generally considered to be endangered although the IUCN lists it as least concern. It populates the Transbaikal region of Russia (this region is sometimes called Dauria hence the name) and Northern Mongolia. It lives in dens and inhabits both forests and steppes.
 Neopolita is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Lepetodrilus corrugatus is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 The Fatu Hiva Monarch (Pomarea whitneyi) is a large flycatcher. It is endemic to Fatu Hiva in the Marquesas Islands French Polynesia.It is critically endangered because there has been a decline in excess of 90% over 21 years (three generations). The population is now thought to be as small as 50 birds which equates to just 33 mature individuals.
 Mimachrostia novofasciata is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Hainan in China.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewing is beige with light brown subterminal and terminal areas blackish brown areas basally and medially by the costa. The subterminal line is indistinct and brown. The subterminal line is beige and the terminal line is indicated by brown interneural dots. The hindwing is greyish brown.
 Tylosaurus (Greek τυλος/tylos protuberance knob + Greek σαυρος/sauros lizard) was a mosasaur a large predatory marine lizard closely related to modern monitor lizards and to snakes.
 Prosipho reversa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Bugtilemur is an extinct genus of Strepsirhine primate tentatively placed within family Cheirogaleidae which includes the dwarf and mouse lemurs of Madagascar. It is represented by only one species B. mathesoni which was found in the Chitarwata Formation of Pakistan.
 The bay whiting Sillago ingenuua is a species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The bay whiting's range extends throughout the west Indian Ocean including northern Australia Thailand India and Taiwan where it inhabits protected waters. It is benthic in nature preying on shrimps polychaetes and molluscs however little else is known of its biology.
 The reticulated giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis reticulata) also known as the Somali giraffe is a subspecies of giraffe native to Somalia southern Ethiopia and northern Kenya. Reticulated giraffes can interbreed with other giraffe subspecies in captivity or if they come into contact with populations of other subspecies in the wild.The reticulated giraffe is among the most well-known of the nine giraffe subspecies.
 Dolichopus is a European species of fly in family Dolichopodidae.
 Poeciloxestia signatipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Mydaea is a large genus from the fly family Muscidae.
 Calliphylloceras is an ammonite beloning to the Phylloceratidae that has a smooth compressed involute shell with a rounded venter and periodic constrictions in the internal mold; surface covered with lirae as in Phylloceras. The first and 2nd lateral saddles are usually triphyllic others diphyllic.The holotype of C disputable the type species named by Spath1927 which came from the Middle Jurassic of Hungary is based on Phylloceras disputable Zittil.
 Policheta is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Scat Daddy (born May 11 2004 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Rhabdatomis laudamia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Arizona Guatemala Costa Rica Panama Ecuador Peru Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Opostega cretatella is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Chrétien in 1915. It is known from Algeria.Adults have been recorded in April.
 Mitromorpha is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitromorphidae in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies.The genus Mitrolumna Bucquoy Dautzenberg & Dollfus 1883 is currently treated as a synonym or subgenus of Mitromorpha but is available for the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean species if these are considered to form a distinct radiation
 Catascopellus crassiceps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Catascopellus.
 Cirrhilabrus claire is a species of wrasse native to the Cook Islands. It inhabits coral reefs and it can be found at depths from 55 to 100 m (180 to 328 ft). This species can reach a standard length of 8.4 cm (3.3 in). It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Pachyodes haemataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Prochola catacentra is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Astichopus is a monotypic genus of sea cucumbers the only species in the genus being Astichopus multifidus. It is commonly known as the furry sea cucumber or the fissured sea cucumber and is native to the Caribbean Sea.
 Leucosyrinx verrillii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Paectes longiformis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in north-eastern Brazil (Bahia).The larvae have been reared from Schinus terebinthifolius.
 Phyllobrostis is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Cenodagreutes coccyginus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eversmann's Redstart or Rufous-backed Redstart (Phoenicurus erythronotus) is a passerine bird belonging to the genus Phoenicurus a genus of redstarts. It was formerly classified in the thrush family Turdidae but is now placed in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It was described by the German biologist Eduard Friedrich Eversmann who is commemorated in the bird's English name.It is one of the larger redstarts 15 to 16 cm long with a wingspan of 25.5 to 27 cm.
 The Black Zigzag or Tufted Spruce Caterpillar (Panthea acronyctoides) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in from Newfoundland to British Columbia and adjacent northern states south in the west to Colorado south in the east to New England and Kentucky.The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Balsam Fir Eastern Hemlock Eastern Larch Pines and Spruces.
 The whiskery shark (Furgaleus macki) is a species of houndshark family Triakidae and the only member of its genus. This common shark inhabits the Australian continental shelf from Western Australia to the Bass Strait to a depth of 220 m (720 ft). It is demersal in habits and prefers rocky and vegetated habitats. Stout-bodied and almost humpbacked in form the whiskery shark can be distinguished from all other members of its family by the presence of long nasal barbels.
 Amata ragazzii is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Italy.Adults have been recorded on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on various low-growing plants including Plantago Rumex Galium and Taraxacum species.
 The Long-tailed Cisticola (Cisticola angusticauda) also known as the Tabora Cisticola is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It is found in Africa where it occurs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Craugastor podiciferus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Colus islandicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Philampelini is a tribe of moths of the Sphingidae family.
 Saphenista alpha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white and glossy with palebrownish cream suffusions and brown dots along the wing edges. The markings are olive brown. The hindwings are brownish white but whitish basally.
 The Roloway monkey (Cercopithecus roloway) is a species of Old World monkey found in a small area of eastern Côte d'Ivoire and the forests of Ghana between the Sassandra and Pra Rivers.The Roloway monkey is similar to other species of guenons but is distinguished by its lengthy beard. The Roloway Monkey's coat and face are predominantly black while the throat and the interior side of its arms are white and its hips and back are orange.
 The Clear Lake splittail (Pogonichthys ciscoides) was endemic to California's Clear Lake and its tributaries until its numbers severely declined due to competition from the introduced bluegill and alterations to the flow of inlet streams. In greatly reduced numbers the Clear Lake Splittail barely persisted until the 1967 introduction to surrounding lakes of the inland silverside as an experiment by the Department of Fish & Game.
 Ptelina subhyalina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ituri and Equateur).
 Trophon mawsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Channel Darter (Percina copelandi) is a member of the Perch family Percidae and subfamily Etheostomatinae. This species is listed as Threatened by the Canadian Species at Risk Act (SARA).
 Ophiacodontidae is an extinct family of early synapsids from the Carboniferous and Permian. Archaeothyris and Clepsydrops were among the earliest ophiacodontids appearing in the Late Carboniferous. Ophiacodontids are among the most basal synapsids an offshoot of the lineage which includes therapsids and their descendants the mammals. The group became extinct by the Middle Permian replaced by anomodonts theriodonts and the diapsid reptiles.
 Zygaenosia eximia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1936. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Eopirga is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Allen's swamp monkey (Allenopithecus nigroviridis) is a primate species categorized in its own genus Allenopithecus in the Old World monkey family. Systematically it is a sister clade to the guenons but differs in dentition and habits.
 Leptostegna is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Liptena inframacula is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of Congo.
 Hypercompe dubia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Eriothrix argyreatus is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Mouse Moth (Amphipyra tragopoginis) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is a widespread species with a Holarctic distribution.This is a rather drab but distinctive species. The forewings are uniform dark brown with three blackish spots arranged in a triangle. The hindwings are buffish darker towards the margins. The wingspan is 32–40 mm. The common name derives from the species' habit of scuttling away on foot when disturbed rather than flying.
 Lanistes is a genus of freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 Ceryx albimacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Ivory Coast Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 Gerromorpha is an infraorder of insects in the true bug order Hemiptera. These typical bugs (suborder Heteroptera) are commonly called semiaquatic bugs or shore-inhabiting bugs. The Ochteroidea of the true water strider(infraorder Nepomorpha a far more advanced lineage) are also found in shore habitat while Gerromorpha are actually most often encountered running around on the water surface being kept from sinking by surface tension and their water-repellent legs.
 Trypeta colon is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Depressaria badiella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Hypochaeris radicata Sonchus arvensis and Taraxacum species. They initially feed between spun leaves but later amongst the roots of their host plant. Larvae can be found from May to July.
 The Malaysian Honeyguide (Indicator archipelagicus) is a medium-sized up to 18 cm long olive-brown honeyguide with greenish streaks reddish iris thick grey bill and greyish white below. The male has a yellow patch on the shoulder while the female has none. The young resembles the female with streaked underparts.The Malaysian Honeyguide occurs throughout lowland broadleaved forests of western Thailand Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and the island of Sumatra.
 Vinpeius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Eucyclotoma lactea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eilema brevivalva is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lower montane forests.The length of the forewings is 11-13 mm for males and 12-13 mm for females.
 Enoplosus armatus the old wife (plural: old wives) is a species of perciform fish endemic to the temperate coastal waters of Australia. It is the only modern species in the family Enoplosidae.It has a deep and compressed body and concave forehead. These features are characteristic of typical butterflyfishes. However the old wife is easily distinguished by its silver-and-black vertical zebra-striped coloration and by its two prominent dorsal fins.
 Brodskyella holzschuhi is a beetle in the Brodskyella genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1989 by Horák.
 The Palaeodictyoptera are an extinct order of medium-sized to very large primitive Palaeozoic paleopterous insects.
 Halgerda azteca is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Drosophila pseudoobscura is a species of fruit fly used extensively in lab studies of speciation. In 2005 D. pseudoobscura was the second Drosophila species to have its genome sequenced after the model organism Drosophila melanogaster.Allopatric speciation has been induced by reproductive isolation in D. pseudoobscura after only eight generations using different food types starch and maltose.
 Calliostoma gendalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Benthastelena).
 The Chironomoidea are a superfamily within the order Diptera suborder Nematocera infraorder Culicomorpha. This superfamily contains the families Chironomidae Ceratopogonidae Simuliidae and Thaumaleidae. One of the more important characteristics used to define them is the form of the larval mouthparts.
 The Bar-winged Prinia (Prinia familiaris) is a species of bird in the cisticola family Cisticolidae. The species is sometimes known as the Bar-winged Wren-warbler.It is endemic to Indonesia where it occurs on the islands of Sumatra (where it occurs on the east of the island) Java and Bali. It occupies a wide range of habitats from mangrove forest at sea level to montane forest and is tolerant of human modified environments such as gardens parks and plantations.
 Theretra suffusa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal north-eastern India Thailand southern China Taiwan southern Japan (Ryukyu Archipelago) Laos Cambodia Vietnam the Andaman Islands Malaysia (Peninsular Sarawak Sabah) Singapore Indonesia (Sumatra Java Kalimantan) and Palawan.The wingspan is 80–102 mm.
 Conus zylmanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Orthaga seminivea is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are white with a dark brown pattern.The larvae feed on Glochidion ferdinandi. They live in a shelter of leaves joined together by silk.
 Chance Play (foaled 1923) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire. In a career which lasted from 1925 to 1928 he ran in thirty-nine races and won sixteen of them. Although he was successful in his early career over sprint distances he did not reach his peak until the age of four in 1927 when he was arguably the best horse in the United States winning several major races including the two-mile Jockey Club Gold Cup.
 Evalea emeryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Coptobasoides is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Aedes scutellaris is a mosquito found in Ambon Aru Islands Seram New Guinea. It is a vector for the dengue virus.
 Larra bicolor is a parasitoid wasp native to South America. It was introduced into Florida as a biological pest control of invasive mole crickets.
 Scoparia resinodes is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is endemic in Réunion where it very common.
 Joculator luteolus is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Chrysopsyche imparilis is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Nigeria Senegal and South Africa.
 Ambulyx immaculata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
 Pomacentrus smithi is a Damselfish from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7cm in length.
 Pusionella remorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Sinocyclocheilus furcodorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Calathus subfuscus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Madeira.
 The Yellow-bellied Flyrobin (Microeca flaviventris) is a species of bird in the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. It is endemic to New Caledonia where it occurs on the island of Grande Terre. It occupies a range of habitats including dry lowlands woodland Pinus and Pandanus forest and humid forest from sea level up to 1525 m. Originally described by ornithologist Richard Bowdler Sharpe in 1903 it was long considered one of the yellow robins of the genus Eopsaltria.
 Helix goderdziana is a species of large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snail.This is the largest species in the genus Helix.
 Orania pacifica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cyclophora lutearia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Guinea and Nigeria.
 Agonum permoestum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia France Hungary Italy Portugal Romania Slovakia Spain Ukraine Germany and Greece. It is also common on European islands such as Balearic Crete Corsica Malta Sardinia and Sicily.
 Rain Lover (1964-1989) was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse. He was one of the very few horses to win the Melbourne Cup more than once. Rain Lover was sired by the good racehorse Latin Lover (GB) (a son of the unbeaten Ribot) his dam Rain Spot was by Valognes (GB).He was owned and bred by Clifford A. Reid who won the 1945 Melbourne Cup with Rainbird.
 Squamipalpis subnubila is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Pommerhelix is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Camaenidae.
 The red ring disease of coconuts and African oil palms is caused by the nematode Bursaphelenchus cocophilus. It is also identified in literature with an alternative scientific name Rhadinaphelenchus cocophilus. The common name the red ring nematode is derived from its distinguishing symptom.
 Mastigoproctus is a genus of whip scorpions. Native to the rain forest regions of northern South America these whip scorpions can reach a length of up to 9 centimetres (3.5 in) and can weigh over 30 grams (1.1 oz). Despite popular belief they are not venomous as like all other whip scorpions they do not possess venom glands.
 Myrmoteras is a genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae and the sole member of the tribe Myrmoteratini. They have enormous eyes a character found in other ancient genera and extremely elongate mandibles with eight to sixteen teeth. These work as trap-jaws and can open up to 270°.
 Madaglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Mastogenius is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Mastogenius aeneus Kerremans 1897 Mastogenius aliciae Westcott 2005 Mastogenius arizonicus Bellamy 2002 Mastogenius barrigai Moore 1994 Mastogenius castlei Champlain & Knull 1922 Mastogenius cedralensis Manley 1987 Mastogenius changonensis Manley 1986 Mastogenius coyolensis Manley 1987 Mastogenius crenulatus Knull 1934 Mastogenius cuneaticollis Van Dyke 1953 Mastogenius cyanelytron Westcott 2008 Mastogenius cyaneous Fisher 1922 Mastogenius elinarae Manley 1986 Mastogenius eruleus Obenberger 1939 Mastogenius galapagoensis Van Dyke 1953 Mastogenius guayasensis Manley 1986 Mastogenius guayllabambensis MacRae 2003 Mastogenius howdenorum Manley 1990 Mastogenius impressipennis Fall 1906 Mastogenius insperatus Kurosawa 1972 Mastogenius jipijapa Manley 1986 Mastogenius laevifrons Germain & Kerremans 1906 Mastogenius lizaleriae Moore 1998 Mastogenius manglaraltoensis Manley 1986 Mastogenius martinezi Cobos 1956 Mastogenius pacacua Manley 1987 Mastogenius parallelus Solier 1849 Mastogenius peruvianus Fisher 1949 Mastogenius primaevus Obenberger 1957 Mastogenius proximus Cobos 1981 Mastogenius puncticollis Schaeffer 1919 Mastogenius relictus Bílý 1979 Mastogenius reticulicollis Cobos 1981 Mastogenius robustus Schaeffer 1905 Mastogenius simulans Cobos 1981 Mastogenius solieri Thomson 1878 Mastogenius subcyaneus (LeConte 1860) Mastogenius sulcicollis Philippi in Philippi & Philippi 1864 Mastogenius taoi (Tôyama 1983) Mastogenius testaceipes Obenberger 1941 Mastogenius texanus Bellamy 2002↑
 Euxesta stigmatias is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae. The larva attacks maize (and occasionally other crops) in tropical and subtropical parts of the Americas.
 Proteininae Erichson 1839 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae.
 Eriphus mexicanus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1834.
 Paraxanthodes cumatodes is a species of crab found in the Red Sea and the New Caledonian Exclusive Economic Zone.
 Trachyboa gularis or the Ecuadorian eyelash boa is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Lycia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Trichromia purpurascens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Vexillum (Costellaria) virgo common name : the Virgin Mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Ronald's opossum (Monodelphis ronaldi) is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae. It was discovered in 2004 and most closely resembles M. adusta. It is known only from Manú National Park Peru where it inhabits the Amazon rainforest. It is named after American zoologist Ronald H. Pine.
 Angus' Underwing (Catocala angusi) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Massachusetts and Connecticut south to Georgia west to Arkansas and Kansas and north to Illinois and Michigan.The wingspan is 60-74 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis and Carya ovata.
 Emmelichthys nitidus is a species of rover native to the Indian and Pacific oceans at depths of between 86 to 500 metres (282 to 1640 ft). There are currently two subspecies known: Emmelichthys nitidus cyanescens (Guichenot 1848) native to deep waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean off the coast of Chile and the Juan Fernandez islands. This subspecies can reach a length of 34.2 centimetres (13.5 in) SL. Emmelichthys nitidus nitidus J.
 The Red-backed Thrush or Rusty-backed Thrush (Geokichla erythronota) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. Traditionally it included the Red-and-black Thrush (G. mendeni) as a subspecies.It is endemic to forests on Sulawesi and the nearby islands of Buton and Kabaena in Indonesia. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Macroglossum joannisi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.The length of the forewings is about 22 mm. This species is distinguished from all other Macroglossum species by four yellow abdominal side-patches and the bright underside of the hindwing together with the pattern and colour of the upperside of the body and wings. The head and thorax uppersides are olive-grey while the scales have pale tips. The abdomen upperside is shaded with grey mesially.
 Pterobrycon is a genus of characins found in Colombia and Costa Rica. The currently described species in this genus are: Pterobrycon landoni C. H. Eigenmann 1913 Pterobrycon myrnae W. A. Bussing 1974 (semaphore tetra)
 Perissias taeniopterus the Striped-fin flounder is a species of lefteye flounder native to the eastern Pacific Ocean along the coast of Central America from Mexico to Panama. It is found at depths of from 46 to 157 metres (151 to 515 ft). This species grows to a length of 11 centimetres (4.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Coleophora basistrigella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Colorado.
 Lamprosiella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Stellaria solaris common name the sun carrier shell is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Pachyarmatherium is an extinct large armadillo-like cingulate genus of North and South America from the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs related to the extant armadillos and the extinct pampatheres and glyptodonts. It was present from 4.9 Mya—300000 years ago existing for approximately 4.6 million years.
 Caudellia nigrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Caudellia. It was described by Hulst in 1890. It is found in California and Arizona.
 Cisthene dorsimacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1904. It is found in southern California.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to August and in October.
 Hespererato maugeriae is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 The pygmy lanternshark Etmopterus fusus is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the eastern Indian Ocean from northern Western Australia and possibly Java at depths of between 430 and 550 m. Its length is up to 26 cm.Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Elenchus maorianus is a parasitic insect species in the genus Elenchus found in New Zealand.
 Bulimulus chemitzioides s a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Athymoris martialis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The black tamarin (Saguinus niger) or black-handed tamarin is a species of tamarin endemic to Brazil. It has traditionally been treated as a subspecies of the red-handed tamarin but lacks the contrasting reddish-orange feet and hands of that species.
 Hemiscyllium henryi is a species of bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae. Together with H. galei it was only scientifically described in 2008. At present H. henryi is only known from depths of 3 to 30 metres (9.8 to 98.4 ft) at reefs near Triton Bay on the southern coast of West Papua Indonesia. It reaches a length of 81.5 centimetres (32.1 in) and is covered in numerous fine black spots. It has large double spot on the side behind the pectoral fins.
 The flashlight fish are a family the Anomalopidae of beryciform fish. Some unrelated fish with similar features are also called flashlight fish. Notable among these are the deepsea lanternfish of the family Myctophidae with over 200 species.Flashlight fish live in tropical waters across the world. Some species move to shallow waters or coral during the night but otherwise they are exclusively deep water fish.
 Goniobranchus geminus is a species of very colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Iphinopsis traverseensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Puntius sachsii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in Singapore.
 The cassowaries (IPA: /kæsɵwæri/) are ratites (flightless birds without a keel on their sternum bone) in the genus Casuarius native to the tropical forests of New Guinea nearby islands and northeastern Australia. There are three extant species recognized today.
 The Blood-breasted Flowerpecker (Dicaeum sanguinolentum) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Theodosia is a genus of beetles from the family Scarabaeidae subfamily Cetoniinae tribe Phaedimini.
 Adelobasileus cromptoni is a species of an extinct genus of mammal from the Late Triassic (Carnian) about 225 million years ago. It is known only from a partial skull recovered from the Tecovas formation in western Texas.Roughly contemporary with the mammaliaform Tikitherium Adelobasileus predates the non-mammalian cynodonts Tritylodontidae and Tritheledontidae by 10 million years.
 Karenkonia is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Haplochromis spekii is a species of cichlid found in Lake Victoria and the adjacent reaches of the Nile. This species reaches a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in) SL.
 Cobitis paludica is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family.It is found in Portugal and Spain. Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Platypepla is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The nilgai (Boselaphus tragocamelus) sometimes called nilgau is the largest Asian antelope. It is one of the most commonly seen wild animals of central and northern India often seen in farmland or scrub forest. The mature male appears ox-like and is also known as the blue bull. A blue bull is called a nil gai or nilgai in India from nil meaning blue and gai meaning a bovine animal (literally 'cow'). It is also present in parts of southern Nepal and eastern Pakistan.
 Acanthochondria is a genus of copepods containing the following species:Several species inquirendae are also assigned to the genus:Acanthochondria argutula (Markevich 1940)Acanthochondria ateleopi Capart 1959Acanthochondria barnardi Capart 1959Acanthochondria briani (Yü & Wu 1932)Acanthochondria compacta Markevich 1956Acanthochondria grandigenitalis (Yü & Wu 1932)Acanthochondria spinulosa Capart 1959Acanthochondria wui Yü 1935↑ 1.0 1.1
 Trochoidea simulata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Hydrelia condensata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Indiana Maryland Massachusetts Minnesota New Brunswick New Hampshire Ohio Pennsylvania Quebec Tennessee and West Virginia.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 Brenthia cubana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Cuba.The length of the forewings is about 3.5 mm.
 Hellinsia lumbaquia is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 15-16 mm. The forewings are pale brown and the markings are dark brown. The hindwings and fringes are pale brown. Adults are on wing in March at an altitude of 850 meters.
 Rhombodera butleri is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera. It is native to Asia.
 Ariadna bicolor is a tube-dwelling spider. The spider's cephalothorax and legs are yellowish-brown and its abdomen is purplish-brown.John Henry Comstock said that the habitats of the species are remarkable. He brought the spiders from Ithaca and made them a home that had blocks nailed together that each had a hole. The spiders used the man-made habitat as a nest.In a test about what species of spider replied the fastest to odors Ariadna bicolor responded slowly.
 Acanthurus thompsoni is a tropical fish found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It is commonly known as the Thompson's surgeonfish. It is commercial in aquarium use.
 Neadmete circumcincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Stripe-faced Wood Quail (Odontophorus balliviani) is a species of New World Quail found in the Yungas of southern Peru and Bolivia. It is about 27 cm in length and weighs approximately 0.325 kg.The binomial of this bird commemorates José Ballivián.
 Spilarctia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Mnesampela lenaea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Schnusimyia parvula is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Schnusimyia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Synchlora herbaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Florida Cuba Hispaniola Puerto Rico the Bahamas Antigua Dominica and the Virgin Islands.The wingspan is about 13 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Lantana camara.
 Cryptolestes is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae. Several species are known as economically important pests of stored products especially food grains. The four most notorious species are Cryptolestes ferrugineus Cryptolestes pusilloides Cryptolestes pusillus and Cryptolestes turcicus. C. capensis C. klapperichi and C.
 Melionica bertha is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Congo Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 The cutlassfishes are about 40 species of predatory fish in the family Trichiuridae (order Perciformes) found in seas throughout the world. Fish of this family are long slender and generally steely blue or silver in colour giving rise to their name.
 Catharylla serrabonita is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Brazil (Bahia Espirito Santo).The length of the forewings is 10–14 mm for males and 14 mm for females. The costal line on the forewings is ochreous and the median transverse line is ochreous to brown. The subterminal transverse line is ochreous to brown. The hindwings are cream-coloured usually with more or less connected marginal brown spots.
 Rhodosea was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Heliothis.
 Dissophthalmus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Halictidae are a very large and nearly cosmopolitan family of the order Hymenoptera consisting of small (> 4 mm) to midsize (> 8 mm) bees which are usually dark-colored and often metallic in appearance. Several species are all or partly green and a few are red; a number of them have yellow markings especially the males which commonly possess yellow faces a pattern widespread among the various families of bees.
 Arthroleptis carquejai is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Angola.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Akeridae is a small taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs belonging to the superfamily Akeroidea the sea hares. The family in its original spelling Aceridae has previously been attributed in error to Pilsbry 1893.Akeridae is the only family in the superfamily.
 Allophorocera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Guadeloupe Big-eyed Bat (Chiroderma improvisum) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Guadeloupe and Montserrat. It is threatened by habitat loss mostly because of Hurricane Hugo which destroyed 90% of the population of this bat in 1989. The species may be locally extinct in some areas of Guadeloupe.
 Canidia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Canidia canescens (Dillon 1955) Canidia chemsaki Wappes & Lingafelter 2005 Canidia cincticornis Thomson 1857 Canidia giesberti Wappes & Lingafelter 2005 Canidia mexicana Thomson 1860 Canidia ochreostictica (Dillon 1956) Canidia spinicornis (Bates 1881) Canidia turnbowi Wappes & Lingafelter 2005↑
 Aglossa gracilalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Rebel in 1914 and is known from Egypt (it was described from Kassasine).
 Sparganothoides hydeana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from the mountains of Arizona Colorado and New Mexico south to Puebla in Mexico. The habitat consists of coniferous forests pinyon-juniper oak-cottonwood and willow-Rhus associations.The length of the forewings is 10.4–11.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish yellow to brown with an indistinct pattern of orange brownish orange and/or reddish brown scaling.
 Hypodoxa conspurcata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Eleutherodactylus eurydactylus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Zanola elongata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Phyllonorycter suaveolentis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in the mountains of Corsica.The larvae feed on Alnus viridis suaveolens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a small oval lower-surface tentiform mine between two side veins. There are several folds which are very similar. The frass is deposited in two bands at either side of the cocoon.
 Aborichthys elongatus is a species of Freshwater fish in the stone loach family (Nemacheilidae).
 Hemphillia pantherina is a species of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Arionidae the roundback slugs.
 Sonia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Eupithecia apta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Yunnan).The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The forewings are pale yellow-brown and the hindwings are uniform pale yellow-brown.
 Phalonidia luxata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Distrito Federal).
 Pseudoeurycea gadovii is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Spathopsis is a genus of fresh-water mussel; it is a bivalve or clam which is in the Mutelidae family. It contains the following species: Spathopsis wissmanni
 Draco norvillii also known as Norvill's flying lizard is species of agamid flying lizard endemic to India. This species is capable of gliding from tree to tree and has been recorded gliding up to 50 metres (160 ft). It feeds on insects and other small invertebrates.
 Hyperlais xanthomista is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Stenoptilia latistriga is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia (the South Siberian mountains).
 The Beijing barbastelle (Barbastella beijingensis) also known as the Beijing wide-eared bat is a species of vesper bat endemic to Beijing Municipality China. The species was discovered by Chinese zoology students in 2001 in caves of Fangshan District in southwestern Beijing and was identified as a distinct species by zoologists Zhang Shuyi Gareth Jones Zhang Jingshuo and Han Naijian in 2007.
 Phylladiorhynchus is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Galatheidae containing the following species: Phylladiorhynchus bengalensis Tirmizi & Javed 1980 Phylladiorhynchus ikedai (Miyake & Baba 1965) Phylladiorhynchus integrirostris (Dana 1852) Phylladiorhynchus nudus Macpherson 2008 Phylladiorhynchus pusillus (Henderson 1885)↑
 Nemea betousalis is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in Kenya.The wingspan of this species is 21–25 mm.
 Halysidota eudolobata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in the Amazon region.The wingspan is about 40 mm. The forewings are ochreous with about ten waved brown lines forming spots on the postmedial area. There are also somewhat diamond-shaped subterminal spots and a large clouded discoidal spot. The hindwings are pale semihyaline yellow.
 Terinebrica chaulioda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 Encruphion is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Subidaria Moth (Epyaxa subidaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to Australia including Tasmania.
 Acusta despecta is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.This species is sometimes a pest on citrus trees.
 The Hemerobiiformia are a suborder of lacewing insects in the order Neuroptera.
 Buccochromis lepturus the Slendertail Hap (short for haplochromine) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Crepidula convexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 Dundocharax bidentatus is a species of distichodontid fish endemic to Angola where it is found in the Lucoge River. It is the only member of its genus.
 Parornix alni is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 8–9 mm.The larvae feed on Alnus hirsuta. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Macrobrochis volzi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Weymer in 1909. It is found on Sumatra.
 Dicheirus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dicheirus dilatatus Dejean 1829 Dicheirus obtusus LeConte 1852 Dicheirus piceus Menetries 1845 Dicheirus pilosus G. Horn 1880 Dicheirus strenuus G. Horn 1868↑
 Ussara chrysangela is a species of sedge moths in the genus Ussara. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Peru.
 The Palm Lorikeet (Charmosyna palmarum) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is found in Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trypanidius nocturnus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Trypanidius. It was described by Fisher in 1942.
 The Pacific cod Gadus macrocephalus is an important commercial food species. It is also known as gray cod or grey cod and grayfish or greyfish. It has three separate dorsal fins and the catfish-like whiskers on its lower jaw. In appearance it is similar to the Atlantic cod.
 Common names: dusky pigmy rattlesnake Florida ground rattlesnake more.Sistrurus miliarius barbouri is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to the southeastern United States.
 The Scarce Shot Silverline Aphnaeus elima is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Hyperolius raveni is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Celaenorrhinus nimba the Nimba Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast (the Nimba Mountains). The habitat consists of forests.
 Chrysotypus dawsoni is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family.It is found in Togo Cameroon Sierra Leone Uganda Tanzania and South Africa.The body of this species is redbrown underside of the thorax is whitish.The wings are yellow-brown with irregular dark brown lines with a wingspan of 34–48 mm.
 Grammodes pulcherrima is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the northern half of Australia.
 For the naval UAV launch system see Sea Robin XFC.Sea robins also known as gurnard are bottom-feeding scorpaeniform fish in the family Triglidae. They get their name from their large pectoral fins which when swimming open and close like a bird's wings in flight.They are bottom-dwelling fish living at depths to 200 m (660 ft). Most species are around 30 to 40 cm (12 to 16 in) in length. They have an unusually solid skull and many species also possess armored plates on their bodies.
 Vexillum (Vexillum) intermedium common name : the intermediate mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Notoliparis is a small genus of snailfishes native to the southern Pacific Ocean and the Southern Ocean.
 Eupithecia ammonata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North Americas including Manitoba Saskatchewan Alberta Wisconsin and Arizona.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are grey with extremely faint cross lines. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to August.
 The Príncipe Weaver (Ploceus princeps) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Anigraea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tomoxia borealis is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by John Lawrence LeConte in 1862.
 Caryocolum albifaciella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the Alps (France Germany Austria and Switzerland) and the Massif Central.The length of the forewings is 6.5-7.5 mm for males and 6.4–7 mm for females. Adults have been recorded on wing from the end of June to the beginning of September.The larvae feed on Silene vulgaris and Cucubalus baccifer. They spin together the leaves of their host plant. They also bore the flower buds.
 Labeo parvus is fish in genus Labeo.
 Eleutherodactylus savagei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Slender clingfish Gastrocyathus gracilis is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae the only species in the genus Gastrocyathus. This species grows to a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) TL. Endemic to New Zealand this species is apparently only found in beds of strap-fronded algae. Harpacticoid copepods comprise the main component of their diet.
 The Mixosauria were an early group of ichthyosaurs living between 250 and 230 million years ago during the Triassic period. Fossils of mixosaurs have been found all over the world: China Timor Indonesia Italy Germany Spitsbergen Switzerland Svalbard Canada Alaska and Nevada.Cladogram based on Motani (1999) Maisch and Matzke (2000) and Jiang Schmitz Hao & Sun (2006) with clade and generic names following Maisch (2010):
 The Scarlet Jezebel or Northern Jezebel (Delias argenthona) is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae found in Australia. Its caterpillars feed on mistletoe.
 Pectinivalva scotodes is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New South Wales and southern Queensland.The wingspan is 5.2–5.7 mm for males and 5.0–5.2 mm for females. In males the thorax and forewings are entirely blackish brown with a row of long blackish androconial scales projecting from the dorsum. The hindwings are rather broad dark brown and have a small narrow androconial pocket basally. Females have a paler thorax and forewings.
 Nemaxera is a genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the subfamily Nemapogoninae. The genus it is considered monotypic with the single species Nemaxera betulinella placed here.The species occurs in western Eurasia east of France; it is also found in Great Britain but appears to be absent from the Balkans. Its caterpillars feed mainly on fungi namely Birch Polypore (Piptoporus betulinus) and Turkey Tail (Trametes versicolor).
 Deroo's Mouse or Deroo's Praomys (Praomys derooi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Benin Ghana Nigeria and Togo.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and urban areas.
 Leucophyes is a genus of cylindrical weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae.
 The Red-tailed Leaflove (Phyllastrephus scandens) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.
 Copelatus iguelaensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 2002.
 The Montane Widowbird (Euplectes psammacromius) also known as the Mountain Marsh Widowbird is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is an endemic resident of the eastern afro-mountain grassland (northeast Zambia north Malawi and highlands of southwest Tanzania). Like all widowbirds the difference between male and female appearance is prominent during breeding season.
 The Barca snakehead Channa barca is a rare species of snakehead. Its type location is Goalpara a small city on the southern banks of the Brahmaputra River in Assam India. In Assam it is locally known as cheng garaka or garaka cheng.
 For the flowering plant genus see Micropholis. The brittle star genus described as Micropholis has been renamed Microphiopholis.Micropholis (Greek 'mikros' = small and 'pholis' = scale) is an extinct genus of dissorophoid temnospondyl. Fossils have been found from the Lystrosaurus Assemblage Zone of the Karoo Basin in South Africa and date back to the Early Triassic. Micropholis was the last known member of the family Amphibamidae as well as the only one to have been present from Gondwana.
 The Sonora chub (Gila ditaenia) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Mexico and the United States.
 Emblemariopsis bahamensis the Blackhead blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean. It and can reach a maximum length of 2.5 centimetres (0.98 in) TL.
 Morum ninomiyai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Thysanozoon nigropapillosum is a species of polyclad flatworms belonging to the family Pseudocerotidae.
 Calodyscia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Dyscia.
 Phalarocarpa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Leucanopsis malodonta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Peru.
 Synaphe biformis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1915. It is found in Algeria.
 Angaria poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Angariidae.
 Gynnidomorpha stirodelphys is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Acantopsis dialuzona is a loach native to the swift clear streams and rivers of mainland and archipelagic Southeast Asia from India to Indonesia through the Chao Phraya and Mekong river basins. It can also be found in flooded fields.The horseface loach or horsehead loach formerly known as Acantopsis choirorhynchos is now recognized as belonging to this species.
 Visayaseguenzia maestratii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Nassarius paucicostatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Endotricha purpurata is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Wang and Li in 2005 and is known from China (Guizhou).The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are purple suffused with black. The basal area is brown and the terminal area is reddish purple with black scales. The hindwings are reddish suffused with black and with a whitish yellow band extending from the middle near the costal margin to the middle near the inner margin.
 Hypseleotris tohizonae is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Madagascar where it is found in fresh waters. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 The Plumbeous Ibis (Theristicus caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Threskiornithidae family. It is found in grassland savanna fields and marshes in central South America ranging in south-central and south-eastern Brazil eastern and northern Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northern Argentina.
 The Bearded Scrub Robin (Cercotrichas quadrivirgata) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Botswana Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Danuria is a genus of praying mantis in the family Mantidae.
 The Black Cuckooshrike (Campephaga flava) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Rwanda Somalia South Africa South Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Remingtonocetidae is a diverse family of early aquatic mammals of the order Cetacea endemic to the coastline of the ancient Tethys Ocean during the Eocene (present-day Pakistan and India). Living from 55.8—48.6 mya they existed for approximately 7.2 million years. The name of the family was derived from the genus Remingtonocetus which was named after paleocetologist Remington Kellogg.
 Marmara ischnotoma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Guyana.
 Juglandaceae also known as the walnut family is a family of trees or sometimes shrubs in the order Fagales. Various members of this family are native to the Americas Eurasia and Southeast Asia.Members of the walnut family have large aromatic leaves that are usually alternate but opposite in Alfaroa and Oreomunnia. The leaves are pinnately compound or ternate and usually 20–100 cm long.The trees are wind-pollinated and the flowers are usually arranged in catkins.
 Cicindela elisae is a species of ground beetles native to Asia.
 The Sonoran Green Toad Crapaud Vert Du Sonora Sapo Verde De Sonora or Sapo Verde-sonorense (Bufo retiformis) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Mexico and the United States.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater marshes temperate desert pastureland water storage areas ponds and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Isonomy (1875–1891) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1877 to 1880 he ran fourteen times and won ten races. As a three-year-old he deliberately bypassed the Classics in order that his owner could land a massive betting coup in the Cambridgeshire Handicap at Newmarket.
 Allocotesia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Phryganidia naxa is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.There is a broad wing pattern variation in adults.The larvae are important defoliators of Quercus species in the state of Querétaro Mexico.
 Emmalocera miserabilis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Taiwan and Hong Kong.
 Spaniblennius clandestinus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic Ocean from Cape Verde to Angola.
 Malacosoma alpicolum (also M. alpicola) is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae the snout moths. It is native to the southern and central Alps.The wingspan is 18–34 mm. The moth flies from July to August.The larvae feed on various plants including roses common blackberry Alchemilla alpina Potentilla aurea Filipendula ulmaria and Euphorbia cyparissias.
 Bebearia guineensis the Wide-banded Palm Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and northern Angola. The habitat consists of primary undisturbed forests.
 Lecanodiaspididae is a family of scale insects commonly known as false pit scales or lecanodiaspidids. Members of this family come from all parts of the world but are most numerous in the Far East.
 Nassarius clathratus common name the clathrate nassa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Brauer’s Copper (Aloeides braueri) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from highland hillsides covered in sour grassveld in the East Cape.The wingspan is 26–28 mm for males and 28–32 mm females. Adults are on wing from October to November and from January to February. There are two generations per year.
 Pseudamnicola is a genus of small brackish water snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.Pseudamnicola is the type genus of the subfamily Pseudamnicolinae.
 Charaxes defulvata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on the island of Sao Tome. The habitat consists of forests.
 Turbonilla beali is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Venezuelan fish-eating rat (Neusticomys venezuelae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Guyana and Venezuela.
 Semiricinula konkanensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Robinsonia catasticta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1916. It is found in Peru.
 Sepia tokioensis is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean specifically Japanese waters from Tsugaru Strait to Kyūshū and the Ohsumi Islands including Sagami Bay Suruga Bay the western Japan Sea and Shimane Prefecture. It lives on the continental shelf.S. tokioensis grows to a mantle length of 90 mm.The type specimen was collected in Tokyo Bay and is deposited at the Musee Zoologique in Strasbourg.
 Lethocerus deyrollei is a species of giant water bug (family Belostomatidae) in the genus Lethocerus. They are large (4.8 to 6.5 cm long) predatory and nocturnal insects. They live in still waters with vegetation hatching in the summer months and then overwintering half a year later as adults.The eggs of this species are laid out of water generally on vegetation. Males exhibit parental care by keeping eggs damp.
 The Railer Bat (Mops thersites) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Miletus leos is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Asia.
 Reticulitermes flavipes the eastern subterranean termite is the most common termite found in North America. These termites are the most economically important wood destroying insects in the United States and are classified as pests. They feed on cellulose material such as the structural wood in buildings wooden fixtures paper books and cotton.
 Scopula quintaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Malawi South Africa and São Tomé & Principe (Principe).
 Sthenarosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur.
 Unilepidotricha are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Unilepidotricha gracilicurva which is found in Yunnan in China.
 Anthene chryseostictus the Medium Red-spot Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mongala Uele and Lualaba) Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Cochranella flavopunctata is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The eastern hare-wallaby (Lagorchestes leporides) once also known as the common hare wallaby is an extinct species of wallaby that was native to southeastern Australia. It was first described by John Gould in 1841.
 Parasyntormon is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Euxesta maculata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Cholornis is a genus of bird in the Sylviidae family. It contains the following species: Brown Parrotbill (Cholornis unicolor) Three-toed Parrotbill (Cholornis paradoxa)
 Protcycloceratidae is an extinct family of slender commonly annulate members of the cephalopod order Ellesmerocerida that lived during the Early Ordovician. Protocycloceratidae named by Kobayashi (1935) are characterized by transversely ribbed elongate shells that may be straight or slightly curved as to be either endogastric or exogastric.
 Artena certior is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Thailand India and on Java.
 The stargazers are a family Uranoscopidae of perciform fish that have eyes on top of their heads (hence the name). The family includes about 51 species (one extinct) in eight genera all marine and found worldwide in shallow saltwaters.In addition to the top-mounted eyes a stargazer also has a large upward-facing mouth in a large head. Their usual habit is to bury themselves in sand and leap upwards to ambush prey (benthic fish and invertebrates) that pass overhead.
 Deinotheriidae (terrible beasts) is a family of prehistoric elephant-like proboscideans that lived during the Cenozoic era first appearing in Africa then spreading across southern Asia (Indo-Pakistan) and Europe. During that time they changed very little apart from growing much larger in size - by the late Miocene they had become the largest land animals of their time.
 The Guinean Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus guineensis) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea Liberia Senegal and Sierra Leone. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna caves and subterranean habitats (other than caves). It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Red-brown Pipistrelle (Hypsugo kitcheneri) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Indonesia and possibly Malaysia.
 Jumping mice (subfamily Zapodinae) are a group of mouse-like rodents in North America and China.Although mouse-like in general appearance these rodents are distinguished by their elongated hind limbs and typically by the presence of four pairs of cheek-teeth in each jaw. There are five toes to all the feet but the first in the fore-feet is rudimentary and furnished with a flat nail. The tail makes up for 60% of its body length and is used to gain balance while bounding.
 Chiloglanis normani is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Côte d'Ivoire where it occurs in the Cavally River system. This species grows to a length of 4.6 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Ceragenia leprieurii is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Buquet in 1844.
 Papilio epenetus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ecuador.
 The family Pliopithecidae is the earliest known family of fossil apes. They originated in Africa and subsequently spread to Europe before becoming extinct about 10 million years ago. Like modern gibbons they were adapted to living in the tree tops of dense forests. Their anatomy combined primitive features such as a small braincase a long snout and a tail in some species.
 Acanthognathus is a genus of ants that are found in tropical Central and South America. They are reddish in colour and have long trap-jaws that can be compared to those of Odontomachus. These predatory ants live in small colonies that typically consist of less than 30 adults.Mistakenly the name Acanthognathus was re-used by German ichthyologist G. Duncker in 1912 for a genus of syngnathid fish but that is invalid as it is a junior homonym.
 Maliangia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rajendra cingulata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in India.
 Plagiopholis is a genus of Snakes in the family of Colubridae.
 Aspella ponderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The lesser grison (Galictis cuja) is a species of mustelid from South America.
 Arhopala staudingeri negrosiana [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. The species is endemic to the Philippines. Forewing lengthis about 21mm. Nomynotypical subspecies is distributed on Bohol Leyte Panaon Mindanao and Samar Islands. The subspecies castagnedai is on Luzon & Marinduque Islands. This subspecies is found on Negros Island.
 Stenoptilia islandicus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Iceland Scotland Norway Sweden Finland and northern Russia.The wingspan is 17–19 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on the flowers and seeds of Saxifraga species including Saxifraga oppositifolia and Saxifraga aizoides.
 Odonthalitus bisetanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Oaxaca).The length of the forewings is 7 mm. The forewings are pale tan and the hindwings are pale cream with pale grey-brown mottling.
 Pyrgulopsis castaicensis is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The buffalo treehopper (Stictocephala bisonia) is a species of treehopper native to North America. It is also sometimes classified as Ceresa bisonia.
 Nebria cordicollis ticinensis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Switzerland.
 Tesakoviaspis concentrica is an extinct species of primitive jawless fish from the Middle Ordovician.
 Rhipidarctia saturata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Gulella streptostelopsis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.Gulella streptostelopsis was described by Adolph Cornelis van Bruggen in 2007 based on material (except for one specimen) obtained for the National Museum of Natural History in Leiden (Nationaal Natuurhistorisch Museum formerly Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie) by Ms H.M.
 Meganoton loeffleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 Kongsrudia approximans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Placopecten magellanicus the Atlantic sea scallop is a commercially important pectinid bivalve mollusk native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Pterocerina pallidibasis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Secret Circle (foaled April 13 2009) is a Thoroughbred race horse who won the 2011 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Sprint and the 2013 Breeders' Cup Sprint.The horse was bred by Willmott Stables and is the son of Eddington.
 The Woodland Brown (Lopinga achine) is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. The species is widely distributed but uncommon and local in continental Europe. Most of the suitable habitats for the species have been transformed to gardening. The Woodland Brown may be found in warm openings of damp unmanaged mature forests.
 Trachypollia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Mérida Tapaculo (Scytalopus meridanus) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hypsopygia albolinealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1891. It is found in India.
 The Caribbean Dried Fruit Moth (Apomyelois decolor) is a species of snout moths in the genus Apomyelois. It was described by Zeller in 1881. It is found in France Florida the Antilles Central America and South America.The wingspan is 19–30 mm. The forewings are dark grayish fuscous with some white powdering in the basal area and considerably more in the median area from slightly above inner margin and in the outer area between the subterminal line and the termen.
 Macrobrochis gigas is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in China (Yunnan) India (Sikkim) Bhutan Nepal Indonesia and Taiwan. The habitat consists of woodlands.Adults have been recorded on wing from March to May. There is one generation per year. The species is possibly involved in a mimicry relationship with Eterusia aedea.
 Diceratosaurus is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Keraterpetontidae. Fossils of Diceratosaurus were first described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1874. The species D. brevirostris is well known from Jefferson County Ohio with approximately 50 specimens having been collected from the Ohio Diamond Coal Mine. The mine was situated in the village of Linton which became obscure soon after operations were completed and the mine closed in 1921.
 Cosmosoma nelea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1878. It is found in Surinam.
 Lasmigona compressa is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve in the family Unionidae. This species is found in the northern region of North America. It is native to the Canadian interior basin and the drainages of the St. Lawrence River and the Ohio River.
 Colus pygmaeus common name the pygmy whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pseudamathes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Epitrichosma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The common name of Noturus phaeus is the brown madtom. It is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee.
 Eriphus rubellus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Galileo in 2004.
 Bantiella fusca is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bantiella in the order Mantodea.
 The Lamprocerini are a tribe of fireflies in the large subfamily Lampyrinae though at least some Lamprocerini species are not bioluminescent. They are generally neotropical found in North America only as vagrants.Genera placed here are: Lamprocera Tenaspis↑
 Cinguloterebra punctum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Dasyuridae are a family of marsupials native to Australia and New Guinea including 75 species divided into 15 genera. Many are small and mouse-like giving them the misnomer marsupial mice but the group also includes the cat-sized quolls as well as the Tasmanian devil. They are found in a wide range of habitats including grassland forests and mountains and some species are arboreal or semiaquatic.
 The Unspotted Looper Moth or Copper Looper Moth (Allagrapha aerea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern North America from southern Ontario to the panhandle of Florida and west to western Nebraska.The wingspan is 28–42 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September or to October in the south. There are two generations per year.The larvae are probably general feeders on herbaceous plants. Larvae have been recorded on Urtica Aster umbellatus and soybeans.
 Catephia dentifera is a species of moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in India Nepal and Vietnam.
 Himalotrechodes insignis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Himalotrechodes.
 The ridged tree frog Hyla plicata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forests and ponds.
 Bassarona dunya is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 The fourspine cichlid (Neolamprologus tetracanthus) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it lives in areas with sandy substrates. In addition to feeding on other fishes and insect larvae this species is specialized to suck molluscs from their shells. This species can reach a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Siphonochelus solus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Metailurini is an extinct tribe of large saber-toothed cats that lived in Africa Asia Europe and North America during the Miocene to Pleistocene.Metailurini had canines longer than neofelids but smaller than true saber toothed cats. The teeth were also are more conical than flat. Traditionally the tribe was placed within Machairodontinae; however today they are often regarded as members of the subfamily Felinae by some authors although this view is not universal.
 Cerionidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Urocoptoidea.
 Coleophora alticolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also known from North America.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July and possibly again from late April to May.First generation larvae feed on the seedheads of Juncus Luzula and Scirpus species while the second generation feeds on Salicornia species. They create a whitish case with yellowish brown granules. It is about 6 mm long.
 Macropharyngodon geoffroyi is a member of the wrasse family endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of 13 cm (5.1 in).
 The Toothed Somberwing (Euclidia cuspidea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Quebec west to western Alberta north to the Northwest Territories and south to the Gulf of Mexico.The wingspan is 28–36 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on various clovers and grasses.
 Lobophyllia commonly called lobo coral is a genus of large polyp stony corals. Members of this genus are sometimes found in reef aquariums.
 Herviella is a genus of small sea slugs aolid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Facelinidae.
 Hemprichisaurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Valenciennea longipinnis the Long-finned goby is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found in lagoons and areas with substrates of fine sand at depths of mostly less than 3 metres (9.8 ft) occasionally down to 6 metres (20 ft) and rarely deeper than that. This species can reach a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) SL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Gnaphosa nordlandica is a ground spider species found in Norway.
 Nassarius zanzibarensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Aventiopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Greater Green Leafbird (Chloropsis sonnerati) is a species of bird in the Chloropseidae family. It is distinguished from the Lesser Green Leafbird (Chloropsis cyanopogon) by its powerful beak yellow throat and eye ring of the female; and lack of a yellow border along the black throat patch found in the male c.
 Babiacetus is an extinct genus of early cetacean that lived during the late Lutetian middle Eocene of India (48.6 to 40.4 million years ago).It was named after its type locality the Harudi Formation in the Babia Hills (23.5°N 68.8°E﻿ / 23.5; 68.8: paleocoordinates 5.9°N 61.8°E﻿ / 5.9; 61.8) Kutch District Gujarat India.Babiacetus was named by Trivedy & Satsangi 1984 in an abstract based on the type specimen (GSI 19647 left and right dentaries with cheek teeth).
 Silverstone's poison frog (Ameerega silverstonei; formerly Epipedobates silverstonei) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sydaphera granosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Ectoedemia krugerensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Kruger National Park).
 Gastrotheca galeata is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and pastureland.
 Dalaca chiliensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile from which its species epithet is derived.
 Brachyopsis segaliensis is a species of poacher native to the northwest Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from 0 to 110 metres (0 to 361 ft). This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Babelomurex nakayasui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Gnathophis leptosomatus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Christine Karrer in 1983. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from Madagascar in the western Indian Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 420-428 metres.
 Opharus flavimaculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 Manulea pseudofumidisca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Russia North Korea and China (Zhejiang Hunan Gansu).The length of the forewings is 10.3–11.7 mm for males and about 13.9 mm for females. The forewings are dark greyish brown with a wide bright yellow costal margin. The hindwings are yellow.
 The Angolan genet (Genetta angolensis) is a mammal from the Carnivora order related to civets and linsangs. It is one of fourteen species of genets. It is endemic to Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 The Black-capped Gnatcatcher (Polioptila nigriceps) is a very small songbird.Adults are blue-grey on the upperparts with white underparts with a long slender bill and a long black tail with white outer tailbands on the uppertail. The undertail is extensively white showing black only along a thin vertical center line and at the very tip. Males show a prominent black cap.
 Scopula aequifasciata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East.
 Uraeotyphlus gansi is a rare species of caecilian endemic to the Western Ghats of India. It was discovered in the Kaakkaachi-Naalumukku area of the Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve. U. gansi was named after Carl Gans a renowned herpetologist from Texas.According to Albert Rajendran Research Department of Zoology St. John’s College Palayamkottai spotted the species along with his collaborator David J. Gower of the Natural History Museum London and two other experts in caecilians.
 The Eosentomidae are a family of hexapods in the order Protura. Eosentomids are tracheated unlike the Acerentomidae.
 Gonatista is a genus of praying mantises that includes these species:G. griseaG. jaibaG. majorG. phryganoidesG. reticulataAccording to a 2004 paper by entomologists from the University of Catania and the National Museum of Natural History this genus:...is widely distributed in North America and the Caribbean area.
 The highland tree frog Litoria wollastoni is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests.
 The many-lined salamander (Stereochilus marginatus) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Stereochilus.[citation needed]It is endemic to the United States.Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers swamps freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cyclostremella orbis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of three known species to exist within the genus Cyclostremella. The other species being Cyclostremella concordia and Cyclostremella humilis.
 Anchiroe is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coptotriche japoniella is a moth of the Tischeriidae family that is endemic to Japan.The wingspan is about 7 millimetres (0.28 in).The larvae feed on Eurya japonica and Eurya emarginata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Endotricha wammeralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1886 and is known from Aru.
 Sapromyzosoma is a subgenus of small flies of the family Lauxaniidae.
 Clavus powelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The harlequin catshark (Ctenacis fehlmanni) is a species of finback catshark family Proscylliidae and the only member of the genus Ctenacis found in the western Indian Ocean off Somalia at depths of between 70 and 170 m. Only the 46 cm holotype exists.
 Flabellina albomarginata is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Muscina is a genus of flies that belongs to the family Muscidae currently consisting of 27 species. They are worldwide in distribution and are frequently found in livestock facilities and outside restrooms. The most common species are M. stabulans (the most widely studied species) M. levida and M. prolapsa. Muscina flies commonly breed in manure and defecate on food which has been linked to the spread of some disease and illnesses.
 The genus Arborimus is a group of voles found in western North America. The genus name means tree mouse in Latin.These animals live in forested areas and two species live in trees. They are small rodents with short ears and long legs. They are primarily herbivorous. Predators include owls and mustelids.Some sources include this genus with the heather voles genus Phenacomys.
 Woosnam's Broad-headed Mouse or Woosnam's Zelotomys (Zelotomys woosnami) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Botswana Namibia and South Africa.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Bucculatrix enceliae is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California and Arizona.The wingspan is 7-9 mm. The forewings are white with dark brown-tipped scales and with a more general dusting of paler minutely brown-tipped scales especially in the apical half of the wing. The hindwings are pale greyish or whitish ocherous. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to May.The larvae feed on Encelia farinosa.
 Opostegoides auriptera is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 1999 and is known from Thailand.
 Nemacheilus tuberigum is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Archivolva is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Micrathyria is a Neotropical genus of dragonflies. They are commonly known as Hyacinth Gliders. One species M. marcella occurs in North America. They are associated with floating plants especially Water Hyacinth or Water Lettuce.The genus contains only two species:Miathyria marcella (Selys in Sagra 1857) - Hyacinth GliderMiathyria simplex (Rambur 1842) - Dwarf Glider↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑ ↑
 Curena costipunctata is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Carposina telesia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia.
 The Neotropical silversides are a family Atherinopsidae of fishes in the order Atheriniformes. About 104 species in 13 genera are distributed throughout the tropical and temperate waters of the New World including both marine and freshwater habitats. The familiar grunions and Atlantic silverside belong to this family.
 Pitthea neavei is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Malawi and Congo.This species has a wingspan of 37-43mm.
 Camptostoma is a small genus of tyrant flycatchers. It contains two species. Northern Beardless Tyrannulet Camptostoma imberbe 	 Southern Beardless Tyrannulet Camptostoma obsoletumThese are very small	passerine birds which breed in the tropical and subtropical Americas from the southernmost USA south to Paraguay Bolivia and Argentina. The two species are similar and were once considered conspecific.
 The Southern Grosbeak-Canary also known as Kenya Grosbeak-Canary (Serinus buchanani) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Clatrodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Paralongidorus maximus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Cyana saalmuelleri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.This species is white with two transversal red lines on the forewings. The wingspan is 48–50 millimetres (1.9–2.0 in).
 Xylophanes cosmius is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Ecuador Peru and Bolivia to western Brazil.The wingspan is 40-45 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes amadis but the outer margin of the forewing is scalloped and more excavate below the apex. The abdomen is lacking subdorsal lines of spots on the posterior margins of the tergites and the lateral patches at the base of the abdomen are more poorly defined.
 Scutiphora pedicellata is a species of insect in the jewel bug family. The species is found around the eastern coast of Australia in New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria
 The Pygmy Fruit Bat (Aethalops alecto) also known as the Grey Fruit Bat is a species of megabat.
 The rainbow goodeid (Characodon lateralis) is a species of fish in the Goodeidae family endemic to Mexico.
 The Biceratopsinae is an extinct subfamily of trilobites fossil marine arthropods with species of small to average size. Species of belonging to this subfamily lived during the Toyonian stage (Upper Olenellus-zone) 516-513 million years ago in the former continent of Laurentia including what are today the South-Western United States and Canada.
 The Yellowish Imperial Pigeon (Ducula subflavescens) also known as the Yellow-tinted Imperial Pigeon or Bismarck Imperial Pigeon (leading to easy confusion with D. melanochroa) is a relatively large species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to forest and woodland in the Bismarck Archipelago.
 The Black-veined Ant-blue or Arcana Ant-blue (Acrodipsas arcana) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found inland on hills in southern Queensland and northern New South Wales in Australia.Adults have a wingspan of about 20 mm. They are brown on top with iridescent blue patches. The underside is brown with dark white-edged arcs. Each hindwing has a pair of black spots on both the over- and underside.
 Sodium (1963–1983) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1966. Ater running well without winning in 1965 he improved to become one of the best European colts of his generation in 1966 when he developed a rivalry with Charlottown. Sodium finished fourth behind Charlottown in the Epsom Derby but reversed the form to win both the Irish Derby and St Leger.
 Conocara is a genus of slickheads found in the deep waters of the oceans.
 The Japanese rat snake Elaphe climacophora is a medium-sized snake found throughout the Japanese archipelago (except the far South West). In Japanese it is known as the aodaishō or blue general. It is a non-venomous snake and a member of the colubrid family. It is hunted by eagles and raccoon dogs.The snakes hibernate for three to four months mate in spring and lay 7–20 eggs in early summer.
 The Arabian tahr (Arabitragus jayakari) is a species of tahr native to Arabia. Until recently it was placed in the genus Hemitragus but genetic evidence supports its removal to separate monotypic genus.The Arabian tahr is the smallest species of tahr. The animal is of stocky build with backward-arching horns in both sexes. However males' are much more robust than females'. Its coat consists of a long reddish-brown hair with a dark stripe running down the back.
 The Dock Clearwing or Dock Moth (Pyropteron doryliformis) is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in South-West Europe North Africa and Australasia ecozone.The wingspan is ca. 20 mm.The larvae feed on Rumex. In 1997 it was introduced into Tasmania and subsequently monitored as a possible Biological Control against dock.
 Helvetia semialba is a species of jumping spiders only found in Brazil.
 Elachista chilotera is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in south-western Western Australia.Adults are ash grey.The larvae feed on Lepidosperma tuberculatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a swollen chamber in the center of the leaf. Pupation takes place outside of the mine on a leaf of the host plant.
 Glipa novaguineae is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1952.
 Ceuthelea is a genus of snout moths. It contains the species C. umtalensis. It is found in South Africa.
 Synoria antiquella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Greece and Turkey.
 The Sperchios Barbel (Barbus sperchiensis) is a disputed species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.It is often included in B. cyclolepis.
 Stichopus is a genus of sea cucumbers.Sources disagree about how many species should be classified in the genus. By 1922 there were about 20 described. Current species counts range from about 8 to 14. A number of animals have been moved to other genera such as Apostichopus and Isostichopus.These sea cucumbers are relatively large. One of the largest is S. vastus which can reach 40 to 50 centimeters in length. They have soft quadrangular bodies covered on all four sides with thick tubercles.
 Ianius is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stupidogobius is a genus of fish in the Gobiidae family. It contains the following species: Stupidogobius flavipinnis
 Qiniella is a genus of non-biting midges in the diptera subfamily Orthocladiinae of the family Chironomidae.The genus Qiniella was first described by Xinhua Wang & Ole A. Sæther in 1998 for a single species Q. lii recorded from China. Posteriorly Mendes and Andersen described two additional species Q. copa and Q. thai from Malaysia and Thailand respectively.Only the male adults are known but Q.
 Metridiochoerus is an extinct genus of pig indigenous to the Pliocene and Pleistocene of Africa. It is also known as the Giant Warthog.
 Contraxiala obliqua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is the only known species to exist within the genus Contraxiala.
 Acasta is a genus of barnacles in the family Archaeobalanidae containing the following species:
 Apterameles rammei is a species of praying mantis found in the Republic of Macedonia.
 Hellinsia pan is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that can be found in California and Arizona.The wingspan is 17–24 millimetres (0.67–0.94 in). The head body and legs white. The forewings are white with gray-brown irroration. There is a black costal dash over the base of the cleft and is usually separated from the discal area by a clear white subcostal line. There is a small spot before the cleft. The fringes are contrastingly dark but with extensive white areas.
 Davaineidae is the name of a family of tapeworms that includes helminth parasites of vertebrates. There are 14 genus recorded under this family of which Raillietina is the best understood and most extensively studied. Members of the family are characterized by the presence of a crown of rostellum at the tip of the scolex and the rostellum is made up of mattock- or hammer-shaped hooks. The rostellum is surrounded by suckers which are armed with spines.
 Drymaeus liliaceus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.
 Congocharax is a genus of distichodontid fishes from tropical Africa with these currently described species: Congocharax olbrechtsi (Poll 1954) Congocharax spilotaenia (Boulenger 1912)
 Metarctia lugubris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Bythotrephes longimanus (also Bythotrephes cederstroemi) or the spiny water flea is a planktonic crustacean less than 15 millimetres (0.6 in) long. It is native to fresh waters of Northern Europe and Asia but has been accidentally introduced and widely distributed in the Great Lakes area of North America since the 1980s. Bythotrephes is typified by a long abdominal spine with several barbs which protect it from predators.
 Bebearia nivaria the Bicolour Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Hystricia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Gorgyra minima the Minimal Leaf Sitter is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana western Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda (from the west to the West Nile Province) and western Kenya. The habitat consists of forests including well-developed secondary growth and Guinea savanna.
 Paratungusella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Austroicetes vulgaris (Southeastern Austroicetes) is a grasshopper in the genus Austroicetes. It is sometimes a pest in Tasmania and can also be found in Northern Territory Australia.
 Belemnia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. Species are found in Central and South America.
 Gibbula is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Ormetica bonora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana Brazil Bolivia and Costa Rica.
 Hemithea tritonaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in eastern Asia including Japan Thailand and the Korean Peninsula.The wingspan is 25–28 mm.
 Oxyropsis is a monophyletic genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Ceratopsidae (sometimes spelled Ceratopidae) is a speciose group of marginocephalian dinosaurs including Triceratops and Styracosaurus. All known species were quadrupedal herbivores from the Upper Cretaceous mainly of Western North America (though Sinoceratops is known from Asia) and are characterized by beaks rows of shearing teeth in the back of the jaw and elaborate horns and frills. The group is divided into two subfamilies.
 Cephalotes palta is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Callasopia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Möschler in 1890 and contains the species C. rosealis. It is found in Puerto Rico.
 Hume's Whitethroat Sylvia althaea is a species of typical warbler. Until recently it was considered conspecific with the Lesser Whitethroat; today these are seen as members of a superspecies which also includes the Desert Whitethroat.
 The Colorless Shiner (Notropis perpallidus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in the United States.
 Aureole (1950–1975) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who was owned by Queen Elizabeth II. In a career which lasted from August 1952 until July 1954 he ran fourteen times and won eleven races. As a three-year-old in 1953 he won the Lingfield Derby Trial before finishing second to Pinza in both the Epsom Derby and the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
 Syngenomictis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Smith's dwarf chameleon or the Elandsberg dwarf chameleon Bradypodion taeniabronchum is a species of lizard in the Chamaeleonidae family endemic to South Africa. It is critically endangered. It uses its color-changing ability to camouflage itself; contrary to popular belief it is one of the few chameleons with this ability.
 Abbott’s Booby (Papasula abbotti) is an endangered seabird of the sulid family which includes gannets and boobies. It is the largest bird of the family and is placed within its own monotypic genus. It was first identified from a specimen collected by William Louis Abbott who discovered it on Assumption Island in 1892.Abbott's Booby breeds only in a few spots on the Australian territory of Christmas Island in the eastern Indian Ocean although it formerly had a much wider range.
 Sigara striata is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 Catephiona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Réunion Ibis or Réunion Sacred Ibis (Threskiornis solitarius) is an extinct species of ibis that was endemic to the volcanic island of Réunion in the Indian Ocean. The first sub-fossil remains were found in 1974 and the ibis was first scientifically described in 1987.
 Dasystoma salicella sometimes also known as the Blueberry Leafroller is a moth of the family Chimabachidae. It is endemic to Europe but is an introduced species in North America.The wingspan is 6 to 10 millimetres (0.24 to 0.39 in) for females (which are not able to fly) and 17 to 20 millimetres (0.67 to 0.79 in) for males. The moth flies in one generation from March to April depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak Birch Willow Rhododendron plants.
 Scopula jejuna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Pseudomancopsetta andriashevi the Pygmy flounder is a species of southern flounder known from deep waters off of the southern coast of Chile as well as from around the Crozet Islands and Prince Edward Islands where it occurs at depths of from 200 to 365 metres (656 to 1198 ft). This species grows to a length of 11 centimetres (4.3 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Pteraclis is a genus of pomfrets.
 Marasmarcha lydia is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia (Buryatia) and Mongolia. The habitat consists of piedmont steppenfield meadows.Adults are on wing in July.The larvae probably feed on legumes.
 Bicyclus feae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Bioko.
 Mesodon thyroidus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Hierodula patellifera common name Giant Asian Mantis Asian Mantis or Indochina Mantis is a species of praying mantis belonging to genus Hierodula.
 Ceromitia chionocrossa is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 Squalius spurius is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Syria and Turkey.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.Its status is insufficiently known.
 Cyrtopodion is a large genus of the Gekkonidae (gecko) family.
 Philobota stella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 The Rufous-throated Dipper or Argentine Dipper (Cinclus schulzi) is an aquatic songbird found in South America and is part of the dipper family.It lives along rapid rocky streams in the Andes in Bolivia and Argentina at 800 metres to 2500 metres in elevation. The bird breeds in the alder zone at 1500 metres to 2500 metres in elevation.[1]BirdLife International have classified this species as Vulnerable. Threats included reservoir construction hydroelectric dams and irrigation schemes.
 Coryssovalva is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Xanthomorda paarlbergi is a beetle in the Xanthomorda genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1990 by Batten.
 Heliocheilus canusina is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.
 Apterichtus keramanus is a species of snake eel native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is only known to occur around the Kerama Islands near Okinawa Japan. It is known to occur at depths of from 25 to 50 metres (82 to 164 ft). This species can reach a length of 27.6 centimetres (10.9 in) TL.
 Dinoponera lucida is a large queenless species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae. The species endemic to Brazil is threatened by habitat destruction. Workers range from 27 to 30 mm in body length which is slightly larger than the related species Dinoponera australis but smaller than other large ants. Males are unknown.
 Philolochma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Slaty-backed Flycatcher (Ficedula hodgsonii) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Bhutan Cambodia China India Laos Myanmar Nepal and Thailand. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Schrankia tabwemasana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the New Hebrides.
 Gonioprocris is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 The Mt. Data Forest Frog (Platymantis subterrestris) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Swinhoe's Pheasant (Lophura swinhoii) is a bird of the pheasant subfamily in the fowl family Phasianidae. It is endemic to Taiwan.
 Clemensia acroperalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Atya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae ranging through the Antilles and along the Atlantic and Pacific slopes of Central and South America and in western Africa.
 Sanys is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phoniscus is a genus of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. It contains the following species: Dubious Trumpet-Eared Bat (Phoniscus aerosa) Groove-Toothed Bat (Phoniscus atrox) Peter's Trumpet-Eared Bat (Phoniscus jagorii) Golden-Tipped Bat (Phoniscus papuensis)
 The Little Rock Thrush (Monticola rufocinereus) is a passerine bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Oman Saudi Arabia Somalia Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Yemen. It is found in rocky areas with some trees and sometimes near settlements. At 15 to 16 centimetres (5.9 to 6.3 in) this is the smallest of the rock thrushes.
 The Yellow-rumped Flowerpecker (Prionochilus xanthopygius) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia on the island of Borneo to which it is endemic. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Doedicurus clavicaudatus was a prehistoric glyptodont living during the Pleistocene until the end of the last glacial period some 11000 years ago. This was the largest known glyptodontid and one of the better-known members of the New World Pleistocene megafauna with a height of 1.5 meters (5 ft) and an overall length of around 4 meters. Doedicurus heavy body could reach 1900 to 2370 kg.
 Allophanopsis emarginata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Allophanopsis.
 Coleophora malatiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Romania and Turkey.
 Blepharomyia pagana is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Brachodes orientalis is a moth of the Brachodidae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Pryteria apicata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Omobranchus elegans is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Northwest Pacific ocean. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 Copelatus latipes is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1882.
 Xenocrasis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Xenocrasis anamarcelae Tavakilian & Penaherrera-Leiva 2003 Xenocrasis badeni Bates 1873 Xenocrasis fereyi Tavakilian & Penaherrera-Leiva 2003 Xenocrasis panamensis Giesbert 1991 Xenocrasis politipennis (Zajciw 1971)↑
 Stonogobiops yasha the Orange-striped shrimpgoby is a species of goby native to the Western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 40 metres (49 to 131 ft). It inhabits sandy areas along the outer slopes of reefs where it lives in a commensal relationship with the shrimp Alpheus randalli. This species can reach a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 The European Roller (Coracias garrulus) is the only member of the roller family of birds to breed in Europe.
 Paraspirifer is a genus of large brachiopods (up to about 7.5 centimetres or 3.0 inches) that lived during the late Lower and Middle Devonian in what now are Germany Spain Morocco and the United States (New York State and Ohio).
 Manoblemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eleutherodactylus apostates is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stigmella hamata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson 2000 and is known from Peru.
 Coleophora cornutella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees and the Alps and from France to Romania.The wingspan is 9–10 mm.The larvae feed on Betula pubescens. They feed only on seedlings of less than 50 mm high. They create a bivalved lobe case. The front end is very broad and the rear end strongly narrowed and curved downwards. The length is 7-7.5 mm and the mouth angle is about 30°. Larvae can be found from September to May.
 The Chinese stripe-necked turtle (Mauremys sinensis) or Golden thread turtle is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae (= Bataguridae) family. It is found in China (Hainan Guangdong & Fujian) Taiwan and northern & central Vietnam.Like many other Geoemydidae this species hybridizes vigorously with related and not-so-closely related members of its family.
 Centruroides platnicki is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Phycothais is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Lebiomorphica is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Lebiomorphica ochreorufa (Fairmaire 1887) Lebiomorphica sanguinolenta (Basilewsky 1955)↑
 The Scarlet-breasted Fruiteater (Pipreola frontalis) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Bolivia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Climbing Maidhair Pyralid Moth (Austromusotima camptozonale) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is native to Australia but attempts have been made to introduce it to southern Florida as a biological control agent for Old World climbing fern.The wingspan is about 10 mm.The larvae feed on Lygodium microphyllum Lygodium japonicum and Lygodium palmatum.
 Anomia simplex or the common jingle shell is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Nova Scotia to the West Indies.
 The Red-shouldered Tanager (Tachyphonus phoenicius) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
 Hypolycaena tearei Teare’s Hairstreak  is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Henning in 1981. It is found in Mozambique and Zimbabwe.Adults are on wing during the warmer months of the year with peaks in February and March.
 Alaska pollock or walleye pollock (Theragra chalcogramma) is a species of the cod family Gadidae. Alaska pollock is a semipelagic schooling fish widely distributed in the North Pacific with largest concentrations found in the eastern Bering Sea.While related to the common Atlantic pollock species of the same family the Alaska pollock is not a member of the same Pollachius genus.
 Exigua (synonym: Brassicicephalus) is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 497 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period. Exigua is only known from the central part of the headshield or cranidium so free cheeks (or librigenae) thorax and pygidium are unknown.
 Diplomystes is a genus of velvet catfishes a primitive family of catfishes (order Siluriformes) endemic to Chile.
 Cooyoo australis is a primitive ichthyodectid found in Cretaceous strata of Queensland Australia. As with all other ichthyodectids it was a predator of smaller fish.
 Olerospila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Clarión Wren (Troglodytes tanneri) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is endemic to Clarión Island off Pacific Mexico.It looks much like a House Wren but is larger with a prominently longer bill somewhat approaching the Carolina Wren in form.Its natural habitats are the less arid patches of shrubland notably thickets of Ipomoea halierca morning glory.
 Aethes destituta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Iran.
 Acrolophus catagnampta is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Guancha is a genus of calcareous sponge in the family Clathrinidae.
 With over 500 species Xyleborus is by far the largest bark beetle genus in the tribe Xyleborini.Xyloborus nowadays includes a number of formerly independent genera. In addition the genera Coptoborus Cryptoxyleborus and Euwallacea are often included here too; this may be correct as they seem to be closely related.
 Varicoturris is a genus of predatory air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.
 The Southwest China vole (Eothenomys custos) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in China.
 Eucerotinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae with only one genus Euceros. Euceros species are hyperparasitoids of Ichneumonoidea. First instar larvae hatche from eggs laid on leaf surfaces attach to passing Lepidoptera or Symphyta larva and enter the body of an emerging primary endoparasitoid such as a campoplegine or banchine or an attached ectoparasitoid. The genus has been variously placed in Tryphoninae and Ctenopelmatinae.
 The genus Psephotus has five species of parakeets from Australia. All species show considerable sexual dimorphism.
 Pigritia faux is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.5–4.9 mm. The forewings are pale greyish brown intermixed with few greyish-brown scales with no distinct markings. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Bathyliotina schepmani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 Linguliformea is a subphylum of inarticulate brachiopods. These were the earliest of brachiopods ranging from the Cambrian into the Holocene. They rapidly diversified during the Cambrian into the Ordovician but most families went extinct by the end of the Devonian. The articulation in these brachiopods is lacking. These brachiopods have adductor and oblique muscles but no diductor muscles. The anus is located at the side of the body.
 Caio is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Common names: cantil common cantil Mexican moccasin more.Agkistrodon bilineatus is a venomous pitviper species found in Mexico and Central America as far south as Costa Rica. Four subspecies are currently recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Xenomigia sordida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Oxyopsis gracilis common name South American Green Mantis is a species of praying mantis native to South America. It is a medium sized mantis with adult females reaching 3” in length and adult males growing to about 1.5” in length. Individuals of these species are usually bright green.
 Conus nocturnus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Catocala agitatrix is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorye Khabarovsk Southern Amur) China Korea Japan (Hokkaido Honshu).The wingspan is about 62 mm.
 Awesome Again (born March 29 1994) is a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by Frank Stronach of Newmarket Ontario Awesome Again was sired by Deputy Minister and out of the 2000 Broodmare of the Year Primal Force.At age 3 Awesome Again ran in the United States and in Canada where he won that country's most prestigious race the Queen's Plate. At Saratoga Race Course he won the Jim Dandy Stakes then finished third in the Travers Stakes.
 Aethalopteryx nilotica is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Sudan.
 Pelecinus polyturator is a large (up to 7 cm) glossy black wasp the most common and familiar species in the family Pelecinidae. The adults drink nectar. They live in crop fields woods and suburban gardens throughout North Central and South America. Their antennae are long and the females have an elongated cylindrical articulated metasoma. They are parasitoids that lay their eggs directly into grubs of the June beetle (genus Phyllophaga) buried in the soil.
 Cerithiopsilla burdwoodiana is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. This species was described by Melvill and Standen in 1912.
 The Plaintive Cuckoo (Cacomantis merulinus) is a species of bird belonging to the genus Cacomantis in the cuckoo family Cuculidae. It is native to Asia from India and China to Indonesia.
 Eumenophorus is a spider genus in the Theraphosidae familia.
 Pseudobithynia is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae.
 Chrysoesthia sexguttella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in all of Europe east to southern Siberia as well as the north-eastern parts of North America where it might be an introduced species.The wingspan is 8–10 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and again from August to September.
 Shackleford (foaled February 25 2008) is a retired chestnut Thoroughbred race horse who won the 2011 Preakness Stakes. His pedigree traces to major sires of significance including his grandsire Storm Cat and his damsire Unbridled as well as numerous fourth generation who were champion breeders. The colt was sired by Forestry out of the mare Oatsee who was purchased in 2006 by Shackleford's owners for $135000. After giving birth to Shackleford Oatsee was bred to A.P.
 Sidyma albifinis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in the Himalayas.
 The White-clubbed Swift or Black & White Swift (Sabera caesina) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Queensland Papua New Guinea the Aru Islands and Irian Jaya.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae of subspecies albifascia feed on Archontophoenix alexandrae Normanbya normanbyi and Calamus caryotoides. During the day it lives in a shelter made from a cut and folded leaf of the hostplant. Sabera caesina barina probably feeds on Licula or Calamus species.
 Nannamoria inopinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Alexander's bush squirrel (Paraxerus alexandri) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Ibadan Malimbe (Malimbus ibadanensis) is a rare species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is endemic to Nigeria where it is known only from the southwestern part of the country. It was first discovered in 1951 and was common at one point. Forest clearing made it rare.The bird is about 20 centimeters long. The male is black with a red head and breast. The female has smaller red areas.
 The Malaysian Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis turcosus) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Avonina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Draco melanopogon commonly known as the black-bearded gliding lizard is a species of agamid flying lizard endemic to Southeast Asia.
 Monopterus /mənˈɒptərəs/ is a genus of swamp eels native to Asia (one species M. boueti is native to Africa). Two species M. eapeni and M. roseni live in caves.
 Acropolitis ptychosema is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Tasmania.
 The Extra-striped Snaketail (Ophiogomphus anomalus) is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Canada and the United States. Its natural The habitat is intermittent rivers.
 Scoparia ambigualis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 15–22 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Valerian and probably also on various mosses.
 The sugarbirds make up a small genus Promerops of passerine birds which are restricted to southern Africa. In general appearance as well as habits they resemble large long-tailed sunbirds but are possibly more closely related to the Australian honeyeaters. They have brownish plumage the long downcurved bill typical of passerine nectar feeders and long tail feathers.
 The Orange-eyed Thornbird (Phacellodomus erythrophthalmus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is endemic to Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil. It formerly included P. ferrugineigula as a subspecies but under the common name Red-eyed Thornbird. After the two were split that English name was confusingly used for both species briefly although it only really is fitting for P. ferrugineigula. To avoid this confusion P.
 Heliocheilus cramboides is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Victoria Western Australia the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland and South Australia.Larvae have been recorded on the seedheads of Sorghum intrans .
 Coleophora kitella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The long-tailed mole (Scaptonyx fusicaudus) is a species of mammal in the Talpidae family. It is the only species in the genus Scaptonyx.[citation needed] It is found in China Vietnam and Myanmar.
 Serrata perlucida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Eophacops is a genus of trilobites from the order Phacopida family Phacopidae. These trilobites lived during the Middle Silurian in what now are North America and North-West Europe. Species assigned to this genus can be distinguished from Phacops by their small size (2–3 cm). Eophacops has very large eyes compared to the rest of its body.
 Diuronotus aspetos is a species of large sized meiofaunal chaetonotid gastrotrich found in West Greenland it is one of the only two species representing the genus Diuronotus with Diuronotus rupperti.
 The Seychelles frogs (Sooglossidae) are a family of frogs found on the Seychelles Islands and India.
 Axoclinus is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae. This genus has five described species.
 Mordella griseosuturalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Kermania are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Agaricocrinus americanus the mushroom crinoid is a species of extinct crinoid known only from its fossils which are found in the U.S. states of Indiana Tennessee and Kentucky. They date back to the Lower Mississippian about 345 million years ago.
 The Araucariaceae commonly referred to as araucarians are a very ancient family of coniferous trees. It achieved its maximum diversity in the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods when it was distributed almost worldwide. At the end of the Cretaceous when dinosaurs became extinct so did the Araucariaceae in the Northern Hemisphere.
 Mordellistena brachyacantha is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1994 by Franciscolo.
 Liomesus stimpsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Parectopa leucographa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Marchia barclayana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Truncatella is a genus of very small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Truncatellidae. These small and minute snails live on land very close to seawater. They walk with a strange looping action and the adults have truncated shells. Many of the species are small enough to be considered micromollusks.Truncatella is the type genus of the family Truncatellidae.
 Siphonophorida (Greek for tube bearer) is an order of millipedes containing two families and over 100 species. This order includes the millipede with the most legs Illacme plenipes.
 The Pied Heron (Ardea picata) also known as the Pied Egret is a bird found in coastal and subcoastal areas of monsoonal northern Australia as well as some parts of Wallacea and New Guinea.
 Lamprospilus is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Hellinsia quitus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 17-19 mm. The forewings are dark brown and the markings are darker. The hindwings are dark grey-brown and the fringes are grey-brown.
 Aulonocara trematocephala is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi.
 Hemiargus ceraunus the Ceraunus Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the south-western United States southern Texas Florida and the Florida Keys south through the West Indies Mexico and Central America to South America. Strays may be found in North Carolina Missouri Kansas and Nevada. The habitat consists of open woodland desert scrub dunes pastures road edges and vacant lots.The wingspan is 20-30 mm.
 Neonemoria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nippoptilia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Recluzia is a genus of small to medium-sized pelagic or planktonic sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Janthinidae.
 The northern zigzag salamander (Plethodon dorsalis) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Gulella paucidens is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Scoloplax is the only genus in the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Scoloplacidae the spiny dwarf catfishes.
 Turbo is a genus of large sea snails with gills and an operculum marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.Turbo is the type genus of the family.
 Glossogobius ankaranensis is a species of fish in the Gobiidae family. It is endemic to caves in the Ankarana Reserve in Madagascar. Its natural habitat is inland karsts.
 Typhloseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Primnoa wingi is a cnidarian.
 Sphegina sibirica is a species of hoverfly.
 Dioxycanus fusca is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 26–33 mm for males and about 38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to February.Larvae have been found amongst short Poa tussocks living in shafts in the soil.
 Coleophora okuella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Japan.
 Euprotomus aurora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Turritella annulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Deltocymatocera is an involute cymatoceratid (Nautilioidea-Nautilida) with broadly arched whorl sides strongly convergent on a narrow venter that bears a slight rounded keel-like ridge and with no distinct ventro-latera shoulders. Sides bear cymatoceratid ribs that bifurcate near the middle od the whorl sides but do not cross the venter.
 Stenoplesictis is an extinct genus of carnivorous cat-like mammals belonging to the superfamily Aeluroidea endemic to Europe from the Oligocene 33.9—28.4 Ma existing for about 5.5 million years.Stenoplesictis is shown to have an omnivorous diet or more precisely hypercarnivorous to mesocarnivorous.
 The Greenbrier Leaf Miner (Leucoptera smilaciella) is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from North America from Pennsylvania to Florida and Texas.The larvae feed on Smilax species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large messy blotch mine.
 Tamphana orion is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1916. It is found in French Guiana.
 Cryptaspasma helota is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka India China Taiwan Japan and northern Vietnam.
 Kirtland's snake (Clonophis kirtlandii) is an endangered North American species of nonvenomous snake of the subfamily Natricinae of the family Colubridae. It is the only species in the genus Clonophis.
 Jaipur (foaled 1959 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1962 Belmont Stakes and was voted that year's U.S. Eclipse Award for Outstanding 3-Year-Old Male Horse.Jaipur was a son of Nasrullah out of the mare Rare Perfume whose sire was Eight Thirty. He was bred by George D. Widener Jr.'s Erdenheim Farm.As a yearling Jaipur was broken and exercised by soon-to-be jockey Michael Tornambe who was the first person to ride the colt.
 Coleophora gedrosiae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iran and Pakistan.
 Coleophora bidentella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Ontario.
 Scotura niveilimba is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 The Blue-crowned Hanging Parrot (Loriculus galgulus) is a small (length: 13 cm (5.1 in)) mainly green parrot found in forested lowlands from Thailand to Borneo.
 Crassispira erigone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Metaporus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Metaporus meridionalis (Aubé 1838) Metaporus orientalis Toledo & Hosseinie 2003↑
 Battaristis concinusella is a species of moth in the Gelechiidae family. It is found in North America including California Delaware Illinois Maryland Minnesota North Dakota Ohio Ontario Quebec South Carolina and West Virginia.
 The Long-tailed Manakin (Chiroxiphia linearis) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family. It is found in Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.The manakin species are very interesting in their family life. Long-tailed Manakin males form a long-term partnership duo or trio.
 Haplopeza is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Haplopeza bicolor Burgeon 1937 Haplopeza umtalia Barker 1919 Haplopeza violacea Boheman 1848↑
 Thubana xanthoteles is a species of moth of the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Yunnan in China Thailand India and Sri Lanka.
 Wuhanlinigobius is a genus of gobies native to mangrove swamps of eastern Asia.
 Thyrgis lacryma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1919. It is found in French Guiana.
 Promegalops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
 Dentimargo guionneti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Chira is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Coleophora therinella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe Russia central Asia and Japan. It occurs in steppe biotopes and in anthropogenic areas.The wingspan is 13–16 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Carlina Carduus and Cirsium species. The larvae feed on the seeds of their host plant. They live in a portable case.
 Sparganothis taracana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America including Florida South Carolina and Texas.The wingspan is 13-17 mm.
 Drillia blakensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Xanthorhoe abrasaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the northern part of the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 21–24 mm. Adults are on wing in July. There is one generation per year.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Galium species.
 Mordella alboscutellata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1895.
 Cyclidiinae is a small subfamily of the Drepanidae moths. They occur in Southeast Asia. Their caterpillars feed on Alangium (Alangiaceae). In some treatments they are raised to full family status[citation needed].
 Achaea faber is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Gabon São Tomé and Ghana.The larvae have been recorded on Tomato Citrus and Mango.
 Udea inquinatalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Great Britain the Benelux the Iberian Peninsula and most of the Balkan Peninsula) and North America (including Quebec Manitoba Michigan and Minnesota).The wingspan is 18–25 mm.The larvae feed on Betula alba Betula nana Salix species Vaccinium myrtillus and Spiraea ulmaria.
 Paramordella is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Paramordella brevesetosa Pic 1936 Paramordella unimaculata (Pic 1931)↑
 Nesospiza is a genus of seed-eating tanagers found on the Tristan da Cunha archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean.
 Agathiceratidae as revised makes up the goniatitid superfamily Agathiceratoidea. Agathiceratidae which lived from the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian) to the Middle Permian combine related genera with subdiscoidal to globular shells that have a small umbilicus and goniatitic sutures and are prominently longitudinally lirate. (Miller et al. 1960) The explanation for the Agathiceratidae is that for the Agathiceratoidea.Agathiceratidae may have its origin in Dombarites (Saunders et al.
 Phorinia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Coryphodon (from Greek κορῦφὴ point and ὀδοὺς tooth meaning peaked tooth referring to the development of the angles of the ridges into points [on the molars].) is an extinct genus of mammal.Coryphodon was a pantodont a member of the world's first group of large browsing mammals. It migrated across what is now northern North America replacing Barylambda an earlier pantodont.
 Beamys is a genus of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It contains the following species: Lesser hamster-rat (Beamys hindei) Greater hamster-rat (Beamys major)
 The gray tree frog or gray treefrog (Hyla versicolor) is a species of small arboreal frog native to much of the eastern United States and southeastern Canada.It is sometimes referred to as the eastern gray tree frog common gray tree frog or tetraploid gray tree frog to distinguish it from its more southern genetically disparate relative the Cope's gray tree frog (Hyla chrysoscelis).
 Opostegoides bicolorella is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Sinev in 1990 and is known from the Russian Far East.
 Asota concolora is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Liptena liberti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Nesoryzomys darwini also known as Darwin's Nesoryzomys or Darwin's Galápagos Mouse is a species of rodent in the genus Nesoryzomys that lived on Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands. It was probably nocturnal and inhabited burrows or rock crevices under bushes. Only four specimens exist collected by Frank Wonder between 12 and 16 January 1929.
 The Abyssinian Thrush or African Mountain Thrush (Turdus abyssinicus) is a passerine bird in the Turdidae family. It has recently been split from the Olive Thrush (Turdus olivaceus) on genetic differences. Their ranges do not overlap. The southern and northern populations may be distinct species.
 The Rock Bush Quail (Perdicula argoondah is a species of quail found in parts of peninsular India. They are very similar to and overlap in range with Perdicula asiatica. They are found in small coveys and are often detected only suddenly when they burst out into flight en masse from under vegetation. It is 6.7–7.25 in (17.0–18.4 cm) in length and weighs 2.25–3 oz (64–85 g).
 Turbonilla cendoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Scarlet Flash Rapala dieneces is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Burma North India Assam Bengal Malaya Singapore Sumatra Borneo Nias and the Philippines
 The grape leaffolder (Desmia funeralis) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found across the southern parts of the United States to California north to the northeastern states and southeastern Canada.The wingspan is 21-28 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September. It is a day-flying species. There are two to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Vitis Cercis canadensis and Oenothera. It is considered a minor pest of grapes in the United States.
 Erinobia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Colostygia.
 The Northern purple azure (Ogyris zosine) is a member of the family Lycaenidae.Their wingspan is 43-47mm. The larvae feed upon various species in the mistletoe family. As with many Lycaenidae sugar ants attend the larvae. Mature larvae have pinkish-grey bodies with dark purplish-red spots.
 Campodea is a genus of small white bristle-tailed arthropods in the order Diplura. The best known species Campodea staphylinus has a wide distribution across much of Europe. It lives in damp places under stones fallen trees or in rotten wood and leaves.
 Pachliopta adamas is a swallowtail butterfly belonging to the Pachliopta genus the Roses or Red-bodied Swallowtails. It is found in Bawan Java and Enggano.
 The Maroon Woodpecker (Blythipicus rubiginosus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Amauropelma is a spider genus that is endemic to Queensland Australia.
 Alloperla is a genus of stoneflies in family Chloroperlidae.
 The family Sciomyzidae belongs to the typical flies (Brachycera) of the order Diptera. They are commonly called marsh flies and in some cases snail-killing flies due to the food of their larvae.Here the Huttoninidae Phaeomyiidae and Tetanoceridae are provisionally included in the Sciomyzidae.
 Blissus leucopterus also known as the true chinch bug is a small North American insect in the order Hemiptera and family Lygaeidae. It is the most commonly encountered member of the genus Blissus which are all known as chinch bugs. A closely related species is Blissus insularis the southern chinch bug.The name of the chinch bug is derived from the Spanish word chinche.
 Prestonella nuptialis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bothriembryontidae.It was previously classified within Prestonellidae. cf.
 Axiocrita is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Turner in 1913 and contains the species A. cataphanes. It is found in Australia.
 The Large Tree Finch (Camarhynchus psittacula) is a species of bird in the Darwin's finch group of the tanager family Thraupidae.It is endemic to the Galapagos Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Wedge-tailed Shearwater (Puffinus pacificus) is a medium-large shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae. It is one of the shearwater species that is sometimes referred to as a Muttonbird like the Sooty Shearwater of New Zealand and the Short-tailed Shearwater of Australia. It ranges across from throughout the tropical Pacific and Indian Ocean roughly between latitudes 35°N and 35°S.
 Icadyptes salasi is an extinct giant penguin species from the late Eocene period in the tropics of South America. Ica for the Peruvian region where it was found dyptes from the Greek word for diver and salasi for Rodolfo Salas a noted Peruvian paleontologist.
 Scopula hesycha is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Central China.
 The Fire-bellied Brush-furred Rat (Lophuromys nudicaudus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The orange-spined hairy dwarf porcupine Sphiggurus villosus is a porcupine species from the family Erethizontidae endemic to southern Brazil.
 The Wavy-lined Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha jacchusalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Wisconsin to Maine south to Georgia and Louisiana.The wingspan is 28–31 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September. Normally there is one generation per year. There are two generations in Missouri.Larvae probably feed on detritus. Larvae have been reared on dead oak leaves.
 Seitzia is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Halidae are a tiny spider family with only three described species in two genera. As of 2006 this family is no longer considered valid; the two genera are instead grouped in the family Pisauridae.
 Barren-ground caribou (Rangifer tarandus groenlandicus) is a subspecies of the caribou that is found mainly in the Canadian territories of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories along with western Greenland. It sometimes includes the similar Porcupine caribou in which case the barren-ground caribou is also found in Alaska.
 Cambarus cryptodytes the Dougherty Plain cave crayfish or Apalachicola cave crayfish is a small freshwater crayfish endemic to Florida and Georgia in the United States. It is an underground species known only from waters associated with the Floridan aquifer.
 Thais echinulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Turbonilla manoloi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pandemis cataxesta is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China and Vietnam.
 Eulepidotis nicaea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Colombia.
 Phaonia lugubris is a species of fly which is distribution across parts the Palaearctic.
 Catacolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Catacolpodes aeneicollis (Jeannel 1948) Catacolpodes arcticollis (Jeannel 1951) Catacolpodes brachypterus Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes brevicornis (Jeannel 1948) Catacolpodes carayoni Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes chalcotinctus Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes cordicollis Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes depressus (Jeannel 1951) Catacolpodes divaricatus (Jeannel 1948) Catacolpodes dolius (Alluaud 1909) Catacolpodes eugrammus (Alluaud 1932) Catacolpodes eutinctus Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes gitonius (Alluaud 1935) Catacolpodes labathiei (Jeannel 1948) Catacolpodes languidus Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes longespinosus (Basilewsky 1970) Catacolpodes micheli (Jeannel 1951) Catacolpodes mocquerysi (Jeannel 1948) Catacolpodes nanus Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes petrorum Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes renaudi Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes rhagodus (Basilewsky 1970) Catacolpodes scitoides Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes scitus (Jeannel 1948) Catacolpodes scrobiculatus Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes sicardi (Alluaud 1909) Catacolpodes silvicola (Jeannel 1951) Catacolpodes sinopis (Alluaud 1935) Catacolpodes solitarius Basilewsky 1985 Catacolpodes variolosus (Alluaud 1897)↑
 The Hercules Moth (Coscinocera hercules) is a moth of the Saturniidae family endemic to New Guinea and northern Australia.It has a wingspan of ca. 27 cm it is the largest moth found in Australia and one of the largest in the world. The larvae feed on Polyscias elegans Glochidion ferdinandi Dysoxylum muelleri Black Cherry Timonius rumphii but also eat other plants in captivity.
 Callionymus schaapii the Short-snout sand-dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it is found at a depth of around 8 metres (26 ft). It prefers muddy or sandy substrates preferring areas near river mouths or estuaries. This species grows to a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) TL.
 Harveya is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nymphargus luteopunctatus is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family formerly placed in Cochranella. This frog has 2-3 large vomerine teeth and is green with yellow spots bordered by black. When viewed from above it has a rounded snout. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its conservation status is unclear.
 Sperata aorella is a species of bagrid catfish that occurs in the Ganges River in India and Bangladesh.
 Homethes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Homethes angulatus Blackburn 1892 Homethes elegans Newman 1842 Homethes gracilis Blackburn 1892 Homethes guttifer Germar 1848 Homethes marginipennis Macleay 1871 Homethes niger Sloane 1920 Homethes rotundatus Blackburn 1892 Homethes sericeus (Erichson 1842) Homethes velutinus Macleay 1871↑
 Ventridens is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae the true glass snails.
 Caryocolum tischeriella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain France Germany Austria Switzerland Italy the Czech Republic Slovakia Slovenia Croatia former Yugoslavia Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Norway Finland the Baltic region and Russia as well as on Crete and Sicily. Outside of Europe it is found in southern Siberia Central Asia and North Africa.The length of the forewings is 5–6 mm.
 Lascoria maronialis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including French Guiana.
 Longitarsus obliteratus is a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family.
 The black lizardfish or deep-water greeneye Bathysauropsis gracilis is a grinner of the genus Bathysauropsis found around the world in the southern oceans at depths between 1500 and 3000 m. Its length is from 20 to 30 cm.The lizardfishes (or typical lizardfishes to distinguish them from the Bathysauridae and Pseudotrichonotidae) are a family the Synodontidae of aulopiform fish.
 Theretra japonica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Japan China Korea and Russia.The wingspan is 55–80 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The caterpillars feed on a wide range of plants. Recorded food plants are:In China: Cissus Colocasia Hydrangea Parthenocissus Ampelopsis Ipomoea batatas Cayratia japonica Vitis and Ludwigia. Recorded in Korea on Colocasia antiquorum Oenothera erythrosepala Circaea mollis and Hydrangea paniculata.
 Sulcodius deflexus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Sulcodius.
 Clythraxeloma is a genus of beetles in the family Megalopodidae containing the following species: Clythraxeloma cyanipennis Kraatz 1879 Clythraxeloma nigropunctatus (Pic 1896)↑
 Cephalotes is a Neotropical genus of ant species all sharing the same odd head style which tend to be mainly arboreal and all appear to be gliding ants with the ability to parachute and steer their fall so as to land back on the tree trunk rather than fall to the ground which is often flooded.
 Aethecerinus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Aethecerinus hornii (Lacordaire 1869) Aethecerinus latecinctus (Horn 1880) Aethecerinus wilsonii (Horn 1860)↑
 Eressa microchilus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1893. It is found in Burma.
 Leptinaria strebeliana is a species of small tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
 Dongodytes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dongodytes baxian Tian 2011 Dongodytes deharvengi Tian 2011 Dongodytes fowleri Deuve 1993 Dongodytes giraffa Deuve 2005 Dongodytes grandis Ueno 1998↑
 Corydoras simulatus is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in inland waters in South America and is found in the Upper Meta River basin in Colombia.The fish prefers clean clear water with a current. It will grow in length up to 1.9 inches (4.9 centimeters). It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0 - 8.0 pH a water hardness of 2 - 25 dGH and a temperature range of 68 - 77°F (20 - 25°C).
 Bridges' degu (Octodon bridgesi) is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae. It is found in Argentina and Chile most typically in southern Chile. The species was named after Thomas Bridges a Victorian botanist who sent specimens to the British Museum for identification.
 Vitrina pellucida is species of small land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae the glass snails.
 Lyssacinosa (also known as Lyssacinosida) is an order of glass sponges belonging to the subclass Hexasterophora. These sponges can be recognized by the parenchymal spicules usually being unconnected unlike in other sponges in the subclass where the spicules form a more or less tightly connected skeleton.
 Cisseps packardii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1865. It is found from California to Manitoba.
 Scardinius scardafa is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Italy.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.
 Troglohyphantes similis one of several species occasionally called the Kočevje subterranean spider is a species of spider in the Linyphiidae family. It is endemic to Slovenia.
 Scopula fragilis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Phryganopteryx saalmuelleri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1924. It is found in Madagascar.
 Anacamptomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Common names: black-tailed rattlesnake green rattler Northern black-tailed rattlesnake. Crotalus molossus is a venomous pit viper species found in the southwestern United States and Mexico. Four subspecies are currently recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Micropterix allionella is a moth of the Micropterigidae family. It is known from France Italy Germany Switzerland Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Bulgaria Croatia Slovenia and former Yugoslavia.The habitat consists of clearings and the outskirts of forests. They fly in tall herbaceous vegetation.The length of the forewings is 3.6–4.5 millimetres (0.14–0.18 in) for males and 4.7–4.8 millimetres (0.19–0.19 in) for females.
 Crambidia casta the Pearly-winged Lichen Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Packard in 1869. It is found from North Carolina and Kentucky north to Nova Scotia. In the west it occurs from the Rocky Mountain states south to central Arizona and New Mexico. The habitat consists of eastern hardwood forests juniper woodlands and sagebrush rangelandsThe wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are pure white with a satiny sheen.
 Timorodes is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Pusiola holoxantha is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in Malawi and Mozambique.
 Chauvetia decorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Tilloclytus rufipes is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Fisher in 1942. It is known from Cuba.
 The thicklip grey mullet Chelon labrosus is a coastal fish of the family Mugilidae. It grows to 50 cm long with 75cm being the maximum recorded. it is named after its thick upper lip and silvery-grey appearance. It is a common fish of shallow sheltered coasts estuaries and around power station and sewer outfalls; it can also enter fresh water areas.
 Tachina celer is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to France.
 Cuspidariidae is a family of small marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pholadomyoida.
 Mastoides is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.
 Dysgonia rogenhoferi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Lebanon Israel Iraq Arabia Turkmenistan northern Iran Uzbekistan the European part of southern Russia Azerbaijan and Pakistan.There is probably one generation per year. Adults are on wing from April to June.The larvae feed on Tamarix species.
 Polygrapta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Vertigo parcedentata is a species of minute air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 Damias peraffinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Barboides gracilis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barboides.
 Pristurus carteri is a species of gecko in the genus Pristurus known as rock geckos. The name Pristurus means 'saw tailed' in Latin and carteri after the person who discovered this species. There are two sub-species of Pristurus carteri. The first is Pristurus carteri carteri and the other is Pristerus carteri tuberculatis. P. c. carteri being the most common. It has many common names such as Ornate Rock Gecko Carters Rock Gecko and Scorpion Tailed Gecko.
 Mordella bicoloriventris is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Eilema distigma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Melangyna arctica is a European species of hoverfly.
 The European jaguar (Panthera (onca) gombaszoegensis) lived about 1.5 million years ago and is the earliest known Panthera species from Europe. Fossil remains were first known from the Olivola site in Italy and under the synonym Panthera toscana from other Italian localities. Later specimens have been found in England Germany Spain France and the Netherlands. Sometimes it is recognized as a subspecies of Panthera onca the jaguar.
 Agonopterix cinerariae is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 17-20 mm. The forewings are pale ochreous with a few darker fawn-ochreous shades and scattered with black dots. The hindwings are very pale shining whitish ochreous.The larvae feed on Senecio halimifolius and Senecio heritieri. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Mining takes place the upper and under surface of the leaves causing a slightly puckered appearance.
 Deuterostomes (taxonomic term: Deuterostomia; from the Greek: second mouth) are a superphylum of animals. They are a subtaxon of the Bilateria branch of the subregnum Eumetazoa and are opposed to the protostomes. Deuterostomes are distinguished by their embryonic development; in deuterostomes the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus while in protostomes it becomes the mouth.
 Perigonia glaucescens is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Dominican Republic and Haiti.It can be distinguished from all other Perigonia species by the olive-green head and thorax characteristic forewing upperside pattern and the broad white or cream band across the upperside of abdominal segment six.
 Homoiodoris is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Dorididae.This is a nomen dubium.
 Ethminolia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Cisseicoraebus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Cisseicoraebus bicoloratus Bellamy 1991 Cisseicoraebus boudanti Bellamy 1998 Cisseicoraebus cisseoides (Saunders 1974) Cisseicoraebus grandis (Kerremans 1900) Cisseicoraebus nigroviolaceus (Deyrolle 1864) Cisseicoraebus opaculus Obenberger 1932 Cisseicoraebus piperi (Fisher 1921) Cisseicoraebus pullatus (Saunders 1874) Cisseicoraebus retrolatus (Deyrolle 1864) Cisseicoraebus subgrandis Bellamy 1998 Cisseicoraebus violaceus Bellamy 1998↑
 Cadlina dubia is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Hastula acumen is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Cephalotes manni is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Cardiocondyla is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Approximately 70 species are currently recognized as belonging to this genus most of which are distributed in the Old World tropics and subtropics but a few of which occur in the temperate zone. Some species are also found widely separated in North America and the Pacific Islands as a result of human introduction. Several species of this genus have a striking male polymorphism with both winged and wingless forms.
 Udea maderensis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Madeira.
 Truebella skoptes is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 The concealer moth genus invalidly named Thalamarchis by Meyrick in 1904 has been renamed Thalamarchella.Thalamarchis is a genus of grass moths (family Crambidae). It is monotypic with a single species Thalamarchis chalchorma. It is known from Sangir in the Malay Archipelago.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 Doratodon is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph that was once believed to be a dinosaur.
 Charaxes angelae Angela’s Demon Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Ghana and possibly Sierra Leone. The habitat consists of evergreen forests.
 Pseudopostega elachista is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1914. It is known from Guerrero Mexico.The length of the forewings is about 4.4 mm (0.17 in). Adults have been recorded in September.
 Altagonum pallinox is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.
 Pseudagrilus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Pseudagrilus alutaceus Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus arabicus Obenberger 1925 Pseudagrilus beryllinus (Fahraeus 1851) Pseudagrilus curtus Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus cyanimus (Fahraeus 1851) Pseudagrilus dubius Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus gedyei Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus hunti Thery 1941 Pseudagrilus inamaenus Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus inornatus Harold 1878 Pseudagrilus keniae Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus lathami Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus leonensis Kerremans 1898 Pseudagrilus melliculus (Gory 1841) Pseudagrilus paradiseus Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus parallelus Kerremans 1913 Pseudagrilus pauliani Descarpentries 1946 Pseudagrilus peringueyi Bellamy 1990 Pseudagrilus scintillans (Fairmaire 1903) Pseudagrilus seydeli Thery 1940 Pseudagrilus sjoestedti Kerremans 1908 Pseudagrilus sophorae (Fabricius 1793) Pseudagrilus splendidus Laporte 1835 Pseudagrilus subfasciatus Kerremans 1898 Pseudagrilus variabilis Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus wittei Thery 1948 Pseudagrilus zonatus Roth 1851↑
 The Amboina box turtle (Cuora amboinensis) or southeast Asian box turtle is a species of Asian box turtle.It is found in the Nicobar Islands eastern India (Assam) Bangladesh Myanmar Thailand Cambodia Laos central and southern Vietnam West Malaysia Singapore Philippines (Leyte Luzon Mindanao Samar Negros Panay etc.) Indonesia (Sulawesi Ambon Island Sumatra Borneo East Malaysia Brunei Nias Enggano Simeulue Java Sumbawa Halmahera Ceram Seram Buru East Timor Bali Palawan and Maluku) and possibly Sri Lanka.The type locality is Amboine (or Amboina) Island today Ambon Island in Indonesia.
 Bucculatrix eucalypti is a moth of the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Australia.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species. They feed on the underside of the leaves eroding the surface of the leaf. They pupate in a longitudinally ribbed cocoon.
 Lobophora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Sparganothis richersi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Arizona.
 The collared titi Callicebus torquatus is a species or a closely related complex of species of titi a type of New World monkey from South America.
 Pseudathyma lucretioides is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 The chigoe flea or jigger (Tunga penetrans) is a parasitic arthropod found in most tropical and sub-tropical climates not to be confused with the larval form of Trombiculidae (called chiggers) found in more temperate climates. It is native to Central and South America and has been inadvertently introduced by humans to sub-Saharan Africa. At 1 mm long the chigoe flea is the smallest known flea.
 The Tadpole madtom (Noturus gyrinus) is a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family. It is native to Canada and the United States.
 Enscepastra plagiopa is a species of moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Libellulosoma is a genus of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It contains the following species: Libellulosoma minuta
 Sphenocephalus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish that lived during the Cretaceous period. Fossils have been found in England and Italy.Sphenocephalus was about 20 centimetres (8 in) long with a rather large head and may have resembled a modern black bass in appearance. It was one of the earliest fish to have the pelvic fins placed beneath th pectoral fins a common feature in modern fish that improves swimming manoeuvrability.
 Glyphipterix ioclista is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
 Synapturanus mirandaribeiroi (Spanish: Synapturan De Miranda-ribeiro) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mastiglanis asopos is a species of three-barbeled catfish. It is the only recognized species in its genus.This species has a broad distribution mainly throughout the left side tributaries of the Amazon basin and the Capim River basin in Brazil as well as in the right tributaries of the Amazon basin in Brazil Orinoco basin of Venezuela and drainages in Guyana.M. asopos is a strictly sand-dwelling species. It spends the daytime buried in the top layer of sand.
 Incurvaria takeuchii is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 15.5–19 mm for males and 10.5–18 mm for females. The forewings are glossy blackish-brown.The larvae feed on Clethra barbinervis. They create and oval ellipsoidal case consisting of three pieces. The larva overwinters on the ground. Pupation takes place in spring.
 Physetobasis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Quoyula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.This genus has become a synonym of Coralliophila H. Adams & A. Adams 1853
 Dasysphinx is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Skiff Moth (Prolimacodes badia) is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found from New Hampshire to Florida west to southern Ontario Missouri Arkansas and Mississippi.The wingspan is 24-35 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September.The larvae feed on the leaves of a wide variety of trees and shrubs including birch blueberry cherry chestnut Ostrya virginiana oak poplar Myrica gale and willow.Another moth Isa textula is also referred to by the common name 'skiff moth'.
 Analeptura fallax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Analeptura.
 Anthidium gratum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Acre Antshrike (Thamnophilus divisorius) is a member of the antbird family (Thamnophilidae). Its closest relatives are the Streak-backed Antshrike and the Amazonian Antshrike (Whitney et al. 2004).It was discovered in 1996 in the Acre Arch uplands in the state of Acre in Brazil and described as a species new to science in 2004.It is found in low-growing woodland.
 The Tooth Cave spider (Tayshaneta myopica formerly Neoleptoneta myopica) is a 1/16 inch (1.6 mm) long arachnid. It is endemic to Texas (USA) and is considered an endangered species.This spider has a pale-cream color and very long legs. The spider has six obsolescent eyes; they are nearly absent and have no dark pigment. The Tooth Cave spider is a sedentary aerial spider that hangs from a small tangle or sheet web on long thin legs.
 Artipe is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone the Palearctic ecozone (Himalayas - China) and the Australasian ecozone (New Guinea).Genus Artipe was erected by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1870.16x Data related to Artipe at Wikispecies16x Media related to Artipe at Wikimedia Commons
 Oridryas is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The African Skimmer (Rynchops flavirostris) is a near-threatened species of bird belonging to the skimmer family. It is found along rivers lakes and lagoons in Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Hapalotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cyana pellucida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1936. It is found on Java.
 Ursula's Sunbird (Cinnyris ursulae) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 The Red Rim or Crimson-banded Black (Biblis hyperia) is a species of brush-footed butterfly (family Nymphalidae) that is native to the lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States Mexico the Caribbean Central America and South America as far south as Paraguay. They can be seen flying between March and November in subtropical forest. The immature larvae feed on Tragia volubilis.
 Odostomia tomlini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Indian Faun Faunis arcesilaus (Fabricius 1787) is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family. This butterfly may be conspecific with Faunis canens.
 Lemuridae is a family of prosimian primates native to Madagascar and one of five families commonly known as lemurs. These animals were once thought to be the evolutionary predecessors of monkeys and apes but this is no longer considered correct.
 Hemiechinus is a genus of hedgehogs. It contains two species.
 Thoracica is a superorder of crustaceans which contains the most familiar species of barnacles found on rocky coasts such as Semibalanus balanoides and Chthamalus stellatus. They have six well-developed limbs and may be either stalked or sessile. The carapace is heavily calcified. The group includes free-living and commensal species.
 Paravespa is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 Kanamarua francroberti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Nesopupa subcentralis is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 The Checkered White (Pontia protodice) also called Southern Cabbage Butterfly is a common North American butterfly in the family Pieridae. Its green larva is a type of cabbage worm.
 Ferret-badgers are the five species of mustelids of the genus Melogale. Bornean Ferret-badger (Melogale everetti) Chinese Ferret-badger (Melogale moschata) Javan Ferret-badger (Melogale orientalis) Burmese Ferret-badger (Melogale personata) Vietnam Ferret-badger (Melogale cucphuongensis)↑ ↑
 Coleophora motacillella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from France to southern Russia and from Denmark to Austria and Romania.Adults are on wing in July and August.The larvae feed on Chenopodium and Atriplex species. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Euparkerella is a genus of craugastorid frogs. The common name is Guanabara frogs. They are endemic to Atlantic coastal forests in the states of Espírito Santo and Rio de Janeiro Brazil. They are provisionally placed in subfamily Holoadeninae on the basis of their morphological similarity to Holoaden.
 Cynthidia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cynthidia cancellata (Brulle 1843) Cynthidia croceipes (Perty 1830) Cynthidia foveata Chaudoir 1873 Cynthidia majorina Straneo 1951 Cynthidia octocoela Chaudoir 1873 Cynthidia planodiscus (Perty 1830)↑
 Thetidia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bombia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Blenina donans is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found from India to the Pacific region (Australia New Caledonia).
 Crossidius discoideus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Say in 1824.
 The white-spotted cat snake (Boiga drapiezii) is a long and slender rear-fanged colubrid that is common throughout its range. The epithet is in honor of the Belgian naturalist Drapiez.
 The Borriqueta porgy Boridia grossidens is a species of grunt native to the Atlantic Coast of South America. This species grows to 30 cm (12 in) in >Froese Rainer and Pauly Daniel eds. (2013). Boridia grossidens in FishBase. August 2013 version.</ref>
 Calliostoma legrandi is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae the Calliostoma top snails.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Fautor) .
 Dalla genes is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Bolivia Peru Colombia and Ecuador.
 Petalium bicolor is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Leucanopsis marimba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1933. It is found in Venezuela.
 Pancorius taiwanensis is a species of jumping spider found only in Taiwan. It is a tiny spider with a total length (excluding legs) of only 2.25 millimetres (0.089 in). The densely hairy carapace is dark brown with a large pale roughly triangular patch centrally. The legs are dark brown with large prominent spines.
 Hoplocorypha salfii is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Somalia.
 Ramphis ibericus is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is 7-11 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July.
 Bhutanitis thaidina commonly known as the Chinese Three-tailed Swallowtail is a rare species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.The butterfly is found in Tibet and China. The larva feeds on Aristolochia Aristolochia moupinensis.
 Priodontognathus (meaning saw tooth jaw) was a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur possibly from the Oxfordian-age Upper Jurassic Lower Calcareous Grit of Yorkshire England. It is a dubious genus based on a maxilla and has been erroneously mixed up with iguanodonts and stegosaurs.
 Simplicala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Prototocyon or Sivacyon is an extinct genus of small omnivorous canid living during the Pleistocene.
 Leptostylus angulicollis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1885 and is known from Guatemala and El Salvador.
 Phyllonorycter melhaniae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Zimbabwe and South Africa.The length of the forewings is 2.4–2.8 mm. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are greyish pale beige and slightly shiny. The fringe is pale beige. Adults are on wing from mid-April to mid-May.The larvae feed on Melhania velutina. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Asaphocrita catenae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Cochlespira cedonulli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Coleophora neviusiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in eastern China and the Russian Far East (Primorye).The larvae feed on the leaves of Malus Prunus and Rubus species.
 The Delaware Skipper (Anatrytone logan) is a North American butterfly in the family Hesperiidae (skippers) subfamily Hesperiinae (grass skippers).This skipper ranges from the southern Prairies in Canada and southern Ontario and southwards through the midwestern and eastern states in the US.
 Melanophthalma is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Melanophthalma aculifera Fall 1899 Melanophthalma aegyptiaca Otto 1978 Melanophthalma algirina Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma americana (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma andrewi Rücker & Johnson 2007 Melanophthalma angulata (Wollaston 1871) Melanophthalma angulicollis Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma arabiensis Otto 1979 Melanophthalma arborea Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma argentea Rücker 1984 Melanophthalma atripennis Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma australis Dajoz 1967 Melanophthalma basicollis Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma bicolor Wollaston 1867 Melanophthalma bifurculata Rücker 1980 Melanophthalma birmana Belon 1891 Melanophthalma brevilata Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma brevis Mika 2000 Melanophthalma brincki Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma broadheadi Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma cantabrica Otto 1978 Melanophthalma casta Fall 1899 Melanophthalma castaneipennis Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma chamaeropis Fall 1899 Melanophthalma chumphonica Míka 2000 Melanophthalma claudiae Rücker & Kahlen 2008 Melanophthalma complanata Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma concameratus Rücker 1985 Melanophthalma consobrina Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma corusca Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma crebra Míka 2000 Melanophthalma crinifera Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma demoulini Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma dentata Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma denticulata Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma dewittei Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma difficilis Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma dilitata Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma distinguenda (Comolli 1837) Melanophthalma dubia Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma endroedyi Rücker 1984 Melanophthalma evansi Johnson 1972 Melanophthalma extensa Rey 1889 Melanophthalma flavicula Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma floridana Fall 1899 Melanophthalma fluctuosa Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma foersteri Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma franzi Johnson 1972 Melanophthalma fuscipennis (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma gomyi Dajoz 1972 Melanophthalma grouvellei Belon 1899 Melanophthalma helvola Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma horaci Míka 2000 Melanophthalma horioni Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma iguacuis Rücker 1985 Melanophthalma immatura Wollaston 1867 Melanophthalma inermis Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma inflexa Rücker 1979 Melanophthalma inornata Sharp 1902 Melanophthalma insularis Fall 1899 Melanophthalma japonica Johnson 1976 Melanophthalma keleinikovae Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma klapperichi Rücker 1984 Melanophthalma lohsei Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma majeri Míka 2000 Melanophthalma malaysica Míka 2000 Melanophthalma maura Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma melina Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma mexicana Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma minutula Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma montivaga Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma motschulskyi Johnson Melanophthalma nidicola Grouvelle 1909 Melanophthalma nitida Rücker 1978 Melanophthalma nodosus Rücker 1984 Melanophthalma obliqua Rücker 1985 Melanophthalma obliterata Wollaston 1867 Melanophthalma ophthalmica Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma pallens (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma panamanensis Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma parvicollis (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma penai Rücker 1978 Melanophthalma phragmiteticola Franz 1967 Melanophthalma picina Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma picta (Le Conte 1855) Melanophthalma pilosa Rücker 1978 Melanophthalma pilosaformis Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma pilosella Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma placida Sharp 1902 Melanophthalma plicatulus Reitter 1877 Melanophthalma proximulata Rücker 1980 Melanophthalma prudeki Mika 2000 Melanophthalma pumila (Le Conte 1855) Melanophthalma ranongica Míka 2000 Melanophthalma rectusa Rücker 1984 Melanophthalma redunculata Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma remota Sharp 1902 Melanophthalma retroculis Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma rhenana Rücker & Johnson 2007 Melanophthalma rispini Rücker & Johnson 2007 Melanophthalma rostrata Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma rothschildi Pic 1908 Melanophthalma rubi Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma rugifera Rücker1987 Melanophthalma russula Motschulsky 1866 Melanophthalma sagitta Rücker 1984 Melanophthalma sakagutii Johnson 1976 Melanophthalma scitula Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma seminigra Belon 1885 Melanophthalma sericea (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma similis Míka 2000 Melanophthalma simplex Fall 1899 Melanophthalma simpliata Rücker 1980 Melanophthalma solitaria Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma subornata Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma subvillosa Johnson 1972 Melanophthalma suturalis (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma synavei Dajoz 1970 Melanophthalma taurica (Mannerheim 1844) Melanophthalma transversalis (Gyllenhal 1827) Melanophthalma unidentata Rücker 1981 Melanophthalma valida Rücker 1978 Melanophthalma venusta Rücker 1987 Melanophthalma videns Otto 1979 Melanophthalma villosa Zimmermann 1869 Melanophthalma wittmeri Otto 1978↑
 Celaenopsidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 Eupithecia improba is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Pseudosimnia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Geocrinia leai is a frog which is sometimes given the euphemism Lea's Frog; which is of course derived from its name. It is a species in the taxonomic family Myobatrachidae and is endemic to southwest Australia.As with the other species in the genera Geocrinia it is restricted to the high rainfall region at the south west of Western Australia; the very same Walpole/Nornalup district occupied by cogenor Geocrinia lutea.
 Glyphipterix bicornis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India (Assam).
 Myoleja diversa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae.
 Myoxocephalus jaok or the plain sculpin is a species of sculpin in the family Cottidae. It is native to the northern Pacific with a range extending through the Bering and Chukchi seas and from the Gulf of Alaska to the northern Sea of Japan.
 Procalpurnus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Omphalotropis rubens is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Aroga pascuicola is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain and Russia as well as on Corsica and Sardinia. It has also been recorded from Turkey.
 Phyllonorycter ermani is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 7-8.5 mm.The larvae feed on Alnus maximowiczii and Betula ermanii. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a ptychonomous leaf mine on the space between two veins of the lower surface of the leaves.
 The White-bellied Redstart (Hodgsonius phoenicuroides or wrongly Hodgsonius phaenicuroides) is a species of bird of the Muscicapidae family in the monotypic genus Hodgsonius.It is found in Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Anaplectoides inouei is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Pseudotessellarctia ursina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil.
 Parevander xanthomelas is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1844.
 Caecum eunoi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Glipostenoda nigriceps is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1968.
 Anatrachyntis philogeorga is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1933 and is known from Tanzania.
 The Red Scorpion or Blue Scorpion (Rhopalurus junceus) is an endemic species one of 36 different types of scorpion found on the islands of Cuba and Dominican Republic and parts of Central America. It is called blue scorpion due to the peculiar blue tone on its tail and stinger; it is also known as red scorpion because it has a reddish dark body.
 Hypsopygia griseobrunnea is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1917. It is found in South Africa.
 Apoaspilates is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Clypeobarbus bellcrossi the Gorgeous Barb is a species of cyprinid fish native to Africa where it is found in the headwaters of the upper Zambezi River system. This species can reach a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Hylopercnas is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1934 and contains the species H. eribolax. It is found on Fiji.
 Ectoedemia albida is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from southern Turkmenistan and northern Iran.The wingspan is about 7.4 mm. Adults are on in April and May.The hostplant is unknown but it is probably a Populus species.
 Barbus seymouri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Tsarafidynia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Ictidorhinus is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid. Fossils have been found from the Dicynodon Assemblage Zone of the Beaufort Group in the Karoo Basin South Africa and are of Late Permian age. It had a short snout and proportionally large orbits. These characteristics may be representative of a juvenile animal possibly of Lycaenodon.
 The Large Woodshrike (Tephrodornis gularis the name T. virgatus provided as a substitute on insufficient grounds.) is a species in the helmetshrike family Prionopidae. The woodshrikes were formerly placed in the Campephagidae (cuckooshrikes) sometimes.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.
 Scopula batesi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Dysphania sagana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in southern Vietnam Thailand Peninsular Malaysia and on Sumatra and Borneo. The basal half of the forewings is chrome-yellow while the outer half is bluish black crossed by two bands of semitransparent white spots. The hindwings are chrome-yellow with a black spot at the end of the cell. The apex and a submarginal row of spots are black.
 Terebellomorpha is a suborder within the polychaete order Terebellida. Terebellomorphs are characterised by the presence of notopodia with buccal tentacles simple bristles and neuropodia with uncini.
 Cosmosoma ruatana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1888. It is found in Honduras.
 Exocoetoides (meaning resemblant of the flying fish) is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 Xylophanes aristor is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Guatemala to Venezuela Ecuador and probably Colombia.The forewing upperside ground colour and the upperside of the body is olive-green and the forewing underside is orange. It is similar to Xylophanes crotonis and Xylophanes kiefferi.Adults are probably on wing year round.The larvae probably feed on Psychotria panamensis Psychotria nervosa and Pavonia guanacastensis.
 Jameson's mamba (Dendroaspis jamesoni) is a very quick highly arboreal and highly venomous snake of the family Elapidae.
 Gomez’s Web-footed Salamander (Bolitoglossa gomezi) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Polionycta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Conus pictus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There is one subspecies: Conus pictus transkeiensis Korn W. 1998
 Marginella bairstowi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Eupithecia atrisignis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from the western Himalayas to south-western China.
 Calonotos angustipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1931. It is found in Brazil and French Guiana.
 Syntypistis cupreonitens is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang Jiangxi Guangdong) and Vietnam.
 The Pink-barred Sallow (Xanthia togata) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 27–30 mm. The length of the forewings is 13–16 mm. The moth flies from August to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Willow and Poplar but in a later stage also various herbaceous plants.
 Scoparia contexta is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1931. It is found in New Zealand.
 The White-capped Dipper (Cinclus leucocephalus) is an aquatic songbird found in South America. It is a small black bird with white spots. It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 Timia golbeki is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Coleophora ribasella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France and Spain.The larvae feed on Artemisia campestris. They create a very slender tubular silken case.
 Antapamea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Narthecusa tenuiorata is a moth of the Geometridae family. This species is found from Sierra Leone to Angola.
 Metaparaclius is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Boulengerula boulengeri is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is endemic to the Usambara Mountains Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests arable land plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.It is possible that what we now call Boulengerula boulengeri contains two unnamed cryptic species.
 A registered Thoroughbred Cherry Lake raced mostly on the Quarter Horse racetracks and made her mark on the Quarter Horse breed in the breeding shed.
 Yunnanilus analis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 Teuthidodrilus (also known as the squidworm) is a genus of marine polychaete worms first described by marine biologists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in November 2010. This unique animal is currently believed to represent a transitional organism with physical and behavioral characteristics of both benthic (seabed-dwelling) and pelagic (free-swimming) organisms. Teuthidodrilus samae is currently the only described species of this genus.
 Eulima dubia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Deretrachys is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Deretrachys chilensis (Bosq 1949) Deretrachys juvencus (Dupont 1840) Deretrachys montanus (Tippmann 1953) Deretrachys pellitus (Kirsch 1889) Deretrachys villiersi Huedepohl 1985↑
 The Tucumán Mountain Finch (Compsospiza baeri) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is endemic to shrubby woodland in the Andes of north-western Argentina but it is possible its distribution extends marginally into adjacent Bolivia. Together with the closely related Cochabamba Mountain Finch it was formerly placed in the genus Poospiza. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cosmopterigidae (cosmet moths) is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order. These are small moths with narrow wings whose tiny larvae feed internally on the leaves seeds stems etc. of their host plants. There are about 1500 described species. The taxonomic family is most diverse in the Australian and Pacific region with about 780 species.Several genera formerly included here have turned out to be Agonoxeninae.
 Phylloceratidae is the predominant family of the Phylloceratina with some 15 or more genera found in rocks ranging from the Lower Jurassic to the Upper Cretaceous. Members of the Phylloceratidae are characterized by smooth involute shells with very thin walls. Many are covered with fine growth lines but are usually without ribbing. Sutures are complex with the major and minor branches of the saddles with phylloid or spatulate endings.
 Epicephala pyrrhogastra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa Namibia and Zimbabwe.
 Hyalinobatrachium is a genus of glass frogs characterized by having a bulbous liver covered by white pigment a transparent parietal peritoneum extensive membrane between the outer fingers and lacking a humeral spine in adult males.The genus is currently defined to include Hyalinobatrachium fleischmanni and its closest relatives. Some species (e.g. the former H. antisthenesi H. pulveratum) were excluded from Hyalinobatrachium due to its closer relationships with the genus Cochranella.
 Archimylacris is an extinct genus of cockroach-like blattopteran a group of insects ancestral to cockroaches mantids and termites.Archimylacris lived on the warm swampy forest floors of North America and Europe 300 million years ago in the Late Carboniferous times. Like modern cockroaches this insect had a large head shield with long curved antennae or feelers and folded wings.
 Xylophanes kiefferi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Colombia.It is similar to Xylophanes aristor but more robust the outer edge of the forewing is straighter the forewing upperside ground colour is deep rich brown and the first and fourth postmedian lines are farther apart. The upperside of the body is deep rich brown. The forewing underside is brown although the basal area is dark brown grey.
 Pyramidella camara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Anceya is a genus of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.The name Anceya is in honor of César Marie Félix Ancey.This genus is endemic to Lake Tanganyika.
 Platynota meridionalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.The larvae have been reared from Gossypium species but are suspected to be polyphagous.
 Aggressor (1955 – after 1971) was a British Thoroughbred race horse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from 1957 until July 1960 he ran twenty times and won eleven races. In his first three seasons he showed solid form winning races including the Solario Stakes the Coronation Stakes and the Cumberland Lodge Stakes.
 Opisthostoma hosei is a species of air-breathing land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae.
 Marginella poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Eupithecia karakasykensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It was described from the upper part of Kok-Suu-Western River gorge.
 Copelatus ellai is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 1995.
 Occella is a genus of poachers native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 Crassiclava balteata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Pyrausta aerealis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Portugal Ireland Great Britain the Benelux Norway the Czech Republic Croatia and Hungary). It has also been recorded from Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Afghanistan China and Algeria.The wingspan is 18–26 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Artemisia vulgaris Thymus serpyllum Scrophularia Gnaphalium Helichrysum and Thalictrum species.
 Phycothais reticulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Daula is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The southern leaf green tree frog (Litoria nudidigitus) is a species of tree frog native to coastal areas and the ranges of south-eastern Australia. It is distributed from just south of Sydney to eastern Victoria.
 Plagiotremus spilistius is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 17.4 centimetres (6.9 in) SL.
 Ochyrotica breviapex is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Indonesia Papua New Guinea Guadalcanal Misamis and Mindanao.
 Eupithecia interrubescens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Tibet) Nepal India and Pakistan.
 Leucaniodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Limnorimarga is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Ernolatia is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 Hoffmannola is a genus of air-breathing sea slugs a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Onchidiidae.
 Odiellus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Turbonilla approximata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Alabama vertigo scientific name Vertigo alabamensis is a species of minute land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.This species is endemic to the State of Alabama in the United States.
 The Caspian Tit (Poecile hyrcanus formerly Parus hyrcanus) is a passerine bird in the tit family. It is often lumped with Sombre Tit Poecile lugubris (del Hoyo et al.
 Sarcoglanis simplex is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae and the only species of the genus Sarcoglanis. This fish originates from the upper Rio Negro basin of Brazil. Stauroglanis is the sister group to a monophyletic group formed by Malacoglanis and Sarcoglanis.
 The White-throated Bushtit (Aegithalos niveogularis) also known as the White-throated Tit is a species of bird in the Aegithalidae family. It is found in India Nepal and Pakistan. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Parastrophia is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Caecidae.
 Coleophora poliacantha is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Carmenta laurelae is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Brown Eichlin and Snow in 1985 and is known from Florida U.S.A.The length of the forewings is 9–10 mm.
 The Pear Fruit Borer (Pempelia heringii) is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Japan and China and has also been reported from Hawaii.There are two generations per year. Larvae have been reported feeding on apple pear and Chinese hawthorn. They feed inside young fruit and eject frass from the entry hole causing visible damage.
 Macrotarsipus similis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Thailand and Indonesia (Java). The habitat consists of dark tropical jungle.The wingspan is 18-18.5 mm. Adults have been recorded in mid August and October in Thailand and in mid March on Java.
 Leucoptera puerariella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu Kyushu).The wingspan is 4–5 millimetres (0.16–0.20 in). Adults are on wing from the end of July and again from May. There are two to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Pueraria lobata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an upper surface irregular blotch expanding along the leaf margin or vein. It is pale greenish-brown.
 Histioteuthis reversa commonly known as the reverse jewel squid or the elongate jewel squid is a species of cock-eyed squid so called because the eyes are dissimilar. It occurs at moderate depths in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea and is also known from the Indian Ocean.
 Citioica is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Speckled Casebearer Moth (Coleophora elaeagnisella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America from the Great Lakes northward including Michigan and Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Elaeagnus Hippophae and Shepherdia species. They create a pistol-shaped case.
 Lasionycta conjugata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains from central Utah and Colorado north to the Beartooth Plateau on the Montana-Wyoming border.It is found in subalpine forests and is nocturnal.Adults are on wing from early July to late August.
 James' sportive lemur (Lepilemur jamesorum) or Manombo sportive lemur is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar. It is one of the larger sportive lemurs with a total length of about 60 to 67 centimeters of which 28 to 32 centimeters are tail. James' sportive lemur is found in southeastern Madagascar living in primary and secondary lowland forests .Originally named L. jamesi the name was found to be incorrectly formed and was corrected to L. jamesorum in 2009.
 Deltacephalaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains four species D. comis D. magister D. retrospina and D. tumida.
 Cardiopharynx schoutedeni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. This semi-pelagic fish prefers habitats over sandy bottoms where it feeds on aquatic microorganisms. It can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Gladioconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species.When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Euscelis plebejus is a leafhopper species in the genus Euscelis.E. plebejus can be used as a vector of the bacterium Spiroplasma citri a Mollicute bacterium species and the causative agent of the Citrus stubborn disease to experimentally infect white clover (Trifolium repens).
 The Pomatostomidae (Australo-Papuan or Australasian babblers also known as pseudo-babblers) are small to medium-sized birds endemic to Australia-New Guinea. For many years the Australo-Papuan babblers were classified rather uncertainly with the Old World babblers (Timaliidae) on the grounds of similar appearance and habits.
 Alsodes pehuenche is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina and possibly Chile.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Abedus is a genus of giant water bugs. Species of this genus exhibit male parental care. Eggs are laid on the male's back and the male tends them until the eggs hatch.
 Aethes nefandana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Croatia Albania Bulgaria Romania the Republic of Macedonia Greece Russia Asia Minor and western Kazakstan.The wingspan is 19–20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July.The larvae feed on Eryngium species.
 The Desert Kingsnake (Lampropeltis getula splendida) is a subspecies of kingsnake native to Texas Arizona and New Mexico. It is nonvenomous colored yellow and black. The desert kingsnake's diet consists of rodents lizards and smaller snakes including rattlesnakes.They normally grow 3–4 feet long with a maximum length of 6.8 feet. They are docile creatures when coming face to face with humans.
 Palpifer taprobanus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Trichaetoides hosei is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of montane areas including lower montane forests.
 The Wetar Ground Dove (Gallicolumba hoedtii) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is named after Wetar Island Indonesia and is found also in Timor-Leste.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sulestes is an extinct genus of Deltatheridiidae from Cretaceous of Uzbekistan.
 The Cyphonocerinae are a subfamily of fireflies (Lampyridae) with only a few handful of species in (presumably) 2 genera found in North America and Eurasia. Its taxonomic history is confusing; it has at various times been included in the now-abolished Amydetinae or the Lampyrinae (which made these paraphyletic).
 Notoacmea rapida is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Recilia brevis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.
 Pachnoda impressa the Green and Yellow Fruit Chafer is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae.
 Xeneda is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Teratorns (from the Greek Τερατορνις Teratornis 'monster bird') are an extinct group of very large birds of prey that lived in North and South America from the Miocene to Pleistocene epochs. They include some of the largest known flying birds.
 Tritonioidea is a superfamily of small sea slugs nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Dendronotida.Tritonioidea is the only superfamily in the clade Dendronotida.The taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi for the clade Dendronotida was largely based on the classification established by Boss in 1982 who in turn based his conclusions on the study by Odhner in 1968.The study of Wägele and Willan published in 2000 concluded that Dendronotida is monophyletic despite the fact that this monophyly had been questioned based on the wide variety in sperm morphology in a paper by Healy & Willan in 1991.
 Hypomolis aldaba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Ecuador.
 Schrankia bilineata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from only seven localities throughout Hong Kong (including the NW New Territories the Sai Kung Peninsula Central New Territories and Hong Kong Island) with no apparent habitat association. There are ten records to date with the Mai Po Nature Reserve holding the largest population based upon the number of individuals seen. The larvae are thought to live as detritivores in damp grasslands or reedbeds.
 Loxophlebia chrysobasis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912. It is found in Colombia.
 Boulenger's Dasia Dasia subcaerulea is a species of tree skink found in south India.
 Cosmosoma batesii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Brazil (Para São Paulo).
 Scurria ceciliana is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Metalabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Steinmann in The Animal Kingdom.
 Betadevario ramachandrani is a species of cyprinid fish that is found only in the upper Sita River India drainage in Karnataka India. It is the only member of its genus.
 Asura anomala is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India.
 Phtheochroa albiceps is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Zeller's Ethmia Moth (Ethmia zelleriella) is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in eastern North America from southern Ontario and Quebec through the Ohio Valley and southern Appalachian regions to central Texas.The length of the forewings is 10.4-12 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white dusted with gray along the costa to the midcell. There is a series of elongated black spots more or less evenly distributed over the wing.
 The Katanga Masked Weaver (Ploceus katangae) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 Calliotropis nomismasimilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Cherninia is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl. Fossil remains of it have been found in India. This species had an enormous skull that was 1.4 m (4.6 ft) long. The body length is believed to have been up to 4.3 m (14.1 ft) inlength.
 Afroarctia kenyana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Kenya Uganda Rwanda Zaire and Cameroon.
 Agonum gracilipes is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily. It is found everywhere in Europe except for Andorra Monaco Portugal San Marino Spain Vatican City and various European islands.
 Collix suffusca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Terebra brianhayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Mirosternus parcus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Ptilona is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Anthela is a genus of moths of the Anthelidae family.
 The Pearly Underwing or Variegated Cutworm (Peridroma saucia) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe but is also found further north because of its migratory nature.Elsewhere in the Palearctic ecozone it is found in North Africa Asia Minor Russia (including Russian Far East and Siberia China Taiwan and Japan. In the Nearctic ecozone it is found in the U.S.A.
 The Blossom-headed Parakeet (Psittacula roseata) is a parrot which is a resident breeder in northeast India eastwards into Southeast Asia. It undergoes local movements driven mainly by the availability of the fruit and blossoms which make up its diet.Blossom-headed Parakeet is a bird of forest and open woodland. It nests in holes in trees laying 4-5 white eggs.This is a green parrot 30 cm long with a tail up to 18 cm.
 Praeactinocamax plenus is an extinct Cephalopoda. Its fossils are found in the Cenomanian. It has been described by Blainville in 1827 under the name Belemnites plenus. In 1997 it was recombined as Praeactinocamax plenus by Kostak.
 Xanthidae is a family of crabs known as mud crabs pebble crabs or rubble crabs. Xanthid crabs are often brightly coloured and are poisonous containing toxins which are not destroyed by cooking and for which no antidote is known. The toxins are similar to the tetrodotoxin and saxitoxin produced by puffer fish and may be produced by bacteria in the genus Vibrio living in symbiosis with the crabs mostly V. alginolyticus and V. parahaemolyticus.
 The Suroifui Hairstreak (Teratozephyrus doni) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Orthogonius burckhardti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Phaegoptera schaefferi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Venezuela and Brazil.
 Scopula commaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Nemacheilus pallidus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Poebrotherium is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America from the Eocene through Oligocene 38—30.8 mya existing for approximately 7.2 million years.
 Aneuthetochorus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Aneuthetochorus bivestitus (Martins 1962) Aneuthetochorus conjunctus Napp & Martins 1984 Aneuthetochorus punctatus Martins Galileo & de-Oliveira 2009 Aneuthetochorus simplex Martins 1970↑
 Turbonilla argentea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Capperia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Thinozercon michaeli is a species of mite placed in its own family Thinozerconidae.
 Moleropterix is an extinct genus of small primitive metallic moths within the family Micropterigidae containing one species Moleropterix kalbei. It is described from a well preserved forewing of the Fur Formation of the earliest Eocene (Early Ypresian) of Denmark.
 Water-penny beetles are a family (Psephenidae) of aquatic beetles. The young which live in water resemble pennies. The larvae feed off of algae larvae and feces. The presence of water penny larvae in a stream can be used as a test for the quality of the water. Among the pollution sensitivity categories sensitive somewhat-sensitive and tolerant; water pennies belong to the sensitive category.
 The Archduke Lexias dirtea is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
 Perischoechinoidea is a subclass of primitive sea urchins that were abundant in the Palaeozoic seas. However the great majority of species died out during the Mesozoic as the more advanced euechinoid sea urchins became common. Today only a single order the Cidaroida survives.Most fossil forms had multiple columns of ambulacral plates rather than the two rows found in all living species of sea urchin. They also lacked a perignathic girdle around the mouth.
 The Fiery Squirrel (Sciurus flammifer) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Helocordulia is a genus of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae. They are commonly known as Sundragons.These are medium-sized Odonates 38–46 mm (1.5–1.8 in) long dark brown with orange markings.They are confined to eastern USA and Canada where their habitat is clear streams and lakes with sandy bottoms.The genus contains only two species:Helocordulia selysii (Hagen in Selys 1878) – Selys's SundragonHelocordulia uhleri (Selys 1871) – Uhler's Sundragon↑ ↑ ↑ 3.0 3.1
 Azygophleps simplex is a moth in the Cossidae family found in Nigeria.
 Idaea sometimes called Hyriogona is a large genus of geometer moths. They are found nearly worldwide with many native to the Mediterranean the African savannas and the deserts of western Asia.As of 2013 there were about 680 species in the genus.
 Eremonidiopsis is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of only one species Eremonidiopsis aggregata which is known from the north-eastern Cuban mountain range Nipe–Sagua–Baracoa in Holguín province Cuba. The habitat consists of lowland rainforests and sclerophyll rainforests.The length of the forewings is 12–12.7 mm. The forewings are uniformly brown with a glossy dorsal surface. The ventral surface is uniformly brownish grey. The hindwings are uniformly dark brownish grey
 Cymbuliidae is a family of pelagic sea snails or sea butterflies marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cymbulioidea.
 Mocis undata is a species of moth of subfamily Catocalinae of Family Noctuidae. It is found in the Afrotropical and Oriental Regions including India.The larvae feed on Cytisus Desmodium Wisteria Arachis Butea Cajanus Calopogonium Crotalaria Derris Glycine Indigofera Mucuna Phaseolus Pueraria Rhynchosia Tephrosia Vigna Shorea Hevea Gossypium Nephelium and Solanum species.
 Scombroidei is a suborder of the Perciformes the largest order of fish. The suborder includes the barracuda tuna mackerel and swordfish.
 Notoacmea inconspicua is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Odostomia crystallina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Caloptilia mandschurica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū) Korea and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 10.2-12.5 mm.The larvae feed on Castanea crenata Quercus acutissima Quercus crispula Quercus dentata Quercus mongolica and Quercus serrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Atherinomorus is a genus of silversides in the family Atherinidae.
 Catocala pacta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Sweden east to Finland Poland the Baltic states to the Ural and the Amur regions south to Tibet.The wingspan is 42–52 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on Salix species including Salix caprea and Salix cinerea.
 The African Pygmy Goose (Nettapus auritus) is a perching duck from sub-Saharan Africa. It is the smallest of Africa's wildfowl and one of the smallest in the world.Though pygmy geese have beaks like those of geese they are more related to the dabbling ducks and other species called 'ducks'.It is one of the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds (AEWA) applies.
 Chryseofusus acherusius is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Ornarantia meratella is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Busck in 1914. It is found in Panama.
 Leptotrophon alis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The banded dune snail or Morro shoulderband scientific name Helminthoglypta walkeriana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helminthoglyptidae. This species is endemic to California in the United States. This snail was placed on the United States' Endangered Species List in 1994. At the time the species was divided into two subtaxa (subspecies or varieties) H. w. walkeriana and H. w. morroensis.
 Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths which contains the Asian-American Moon moths. The majority of this genus feed on the gum of the sweetgum pine or similar trees. As with all Saturniids adult Actias moths do not possess functional mouths so their lifespan after emergence from the cocoon only ranges from a few days to a week.
 The Equatorial Greytail (Xenerpestes singularis) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Enneapterygius kosiensis is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Holleman in 2005.
 Charaxes catachrous the Silvery Demon Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda north-western Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of wet riverine and swamp forests.The larvae feed on Scutia myrtina.
 Demoticus plebejus is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Pseudatteria pseudomaenas is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 11 mm for males and 14 mm for females. The forewings are orange but cream white in the costal and apicoterminal areas. The markings are black. The hindwings are orange with nine black spots on the margins.
 The African wild ass (Equus africanus) is a wild member of the horse family Equidae. This species is believed to be the ancestor of the domestic donkey which is usually placed within the same species. They live in the deserts and other arid areas of the Horn of Africa in Eritrea Ethiopia and Somalia. It formerly had a wider range north and west into Sudan Egypt and Libya. About 570 individuals exist in the wild.
 Galasa strenualis is a species of snout moths in the genus Galasa. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Heteromicta nigricostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Heteromicta. It was described by Ragonot in 1901 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 The Pupilloidea are a superfamily of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Orthurethra.
 Embolostoma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Southern Marsupial Mole (Notoryctes typhlops) is a mole-like marsupial found in the desert of southwest Australia. It is extremely adapted to a burrowing way of life. It has large shovel-like forepaws and silky fur which helps it move easily. The Southern Marsupial Mole also lacks complete eyes as it has little need for them. It feeds on earthworms and larvae.
 The Plain Greenbul (Eurillas curvirostris) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Quathlambia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Macroprotus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Macroprotus forticornis Chaudoir in Oberthur 1883 Macroprotus tenuicornis Chaudoir 1878 ↑
 Liptena confusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 The Gregarious Oak Leafminer Moth (Cameraria cincinnatiella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Quebec and the United States (including Kentucky Massachusetts New York Ohio Wisconsin Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Michigan Pennsylvania Texas Vermont Connecticut and Colorado).The wingspan is about 15 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species including Quercus alba Quercus bicolor Quercus macrocarpa Quercus obtusiloba Quercus prinus and Quercus stellata.
 Acanthodoras depressus is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Amazon and Rio Negro basins. This species grows to 8.1 cm (3.2 in) in SL
 Aplectoides condita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across central and southern Canada from Newfoundland to British Columbia. In the east it occurs as far south as northern New Jersey and northern Pennsylvania west toMichigan and Wisconsin. It is found along the Appalachians in Virginia and North Carolina. In the west it occurs in Idaho and Oregon. Recently it has also been recorded from Tennessee.The wingspan is about 33 mm.
 Eois paraviolascens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Izanami is a genus of crabs in the family Matutidae containing the following species: Izanami curtispina (Sakai 1961) Izanami inermis (Miers 1884)↑
 The Cuban crocodile (Crocodylus rhombifer) is a small but aggressive species of crocodile found only in Cuba.
 The Andean small-eared shrew (Cryptotis avia) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Deiphon is a distinctive genus of Silurian phacopid trilobites of the family Cheiruridae found in Western and Central Europe and in Central and Eastern United States. The type species D. forbesi from Bohemia in what is now the Czech Republic was discovered and described by the French paleontologist Joachim Barrande in 1850.
 Apristurus albisoma the white-bodied catshark is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae.The area of occupancy of this small benthic endemic shark is presumed very limited (less than 2000 km²) being restricted to a narrow depth band on insular and seamount slopes. It has only been reported from a few locations.
 Myrmecia often called bulldog ants bull ants inch ants sergeant ants jumper ants or jack-jumpers (although jack jumper only applies to members of the M. pilosula species group) is a genus of ants. Bull ants can grow to over 40 mm (1.6 in) in length with the smallest species 15 mm (0.59 in) long. Almost all of the approximately 90 species are endemic to Australia with the single exception of Myrmecia apicalis from New Caledonia where it is rare.
 Achryson peracchii is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Martins in 1976. It is known from southeastern Brazil.
 Chondracanthidae is a family of parasitic copepods comprising the following genera:
 Elachista antonia is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found on Crete.
 Ihering's Three-striped Opossum Monodelphis iheringi is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina and Brazil.
 Auratonota hyacinthina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Olive Thrush (Turdus olivaceus) is in its range one of the most common members of the thrush family (Turdidae). It occurs in east African highlands from Eritrea and Ethiopia in north to the Cape of Good Hope in south. It is a bird of forest and woodland but has - locally - adapted to parks and large gardens in suburban areas.It can reach a length of 24 cm and a mass of at least 101 grams. The tail and the upperparts are coloured dull olive brown.
 Tropilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Karacaoglania is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Gymnoscelis phoenicopus is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Seram Sulawesi and Borneo. The habitat consists of lower montane forests.The wings are uniform brown with fine black postmedials on both wings edged finely paler distad. The forewing discal spot and antemedial line are also present.
 Mussidia pectinicornella is a species of snout moths in the genus Mussidia. It was described by Hampson in 1896. It is found in southern and south-eastern Asia from Bhután to New Guinea in Australia and Fidji Taiwan Japan southern Europe and in La Réunion.Known foodplant of this species are citrus fruits Rutaceae (Citrus grandis Citrus sp. Citrus limon) and Sapotaceae (Manilkara zapota).
 Conus chiapponorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Emmelina is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family with a nearly cosmopolitan distribution.
 Corthylus columbianus also known as the chestnut timber worm or the Columbian timber beetle is a beetle of the family Curculionidae.
 Dzhulfitidae is a small extinct family of Upper Permian and Lower Triassic ammonoids from Asia included in the ceratitid Xenodiscaceae and containing only three genera: Abachites Dzhulfites and Paratirolites.Dzhulfitidae was named by Shevyrev in 1965 to contain Dzhulfites and Abachites also named by him at that time. Paratirolites was removed from its previous position in the Ceratitaceae.
 Gerra is a genus of moths in the Noctuidae family.
 Diapera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Hawaiian Bean Leafroller (Omiodes monogona) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai and Hawaii. It was first cited as possibly extinct by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service in 1994. It was listed as extinct by the Hawai‘i Biological Survey in 2002 but was rediscovered later in 2003.The larvae feed on Canavalia galeata Dolichos lablab Erythrina monosperma garden bean Mucuna gigantea and Strongylodon lucidum.
 The Hungarian Clearwing Moth (Chamaesphecia hungarica) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is native to the south-eastern Czech Republic and Slovakia Austria Hungary Serbia and Croatia. It was originally approved for introduction into the United States in 1993. It has been released at several leafy spurge-infested sites in Montana and North Dakota.Adults are 10–14 mm in length. They are dark brown with yellow markings.
 Cyclophora leonaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Nigeria Sierra Leone and on São Tomé.
 Virbia parva is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Cacozophera is a genus of snout moth. It was described by Dyar in 1919 and contains the species C. venosa. It is found in Guatemala.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are brownish fuscous and the hindwings are smoky fuscous although the veins and terminal margin are darker.
 Carpatolechia fugitivella the Elm Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in almost all of Europe (except Portugal Croatia and Bulgaria) Turkey the Caucasus Mongolia southern Siberia the Russian Far East and Korea. It is also found in North America where it has been recorded from Ontario and Quebec. The habitat consists of woodland parks gardens and hedgerows.The wingspan is 11–15 mm.
 Eurosia fuscipunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Philippines.
 Dactylethrella is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Coenaculum tertium is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of four known species to exist within the genus Coenaculum the other species are Coenaculum minutulum Coenaculum secundum and Coenaculum weerdtae.
 Scedopla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ecsenius gravieri is a Blenny from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8 cm in length.
 The Big Mouth Cave salamander (Gyrinophilus palleucus necturoides) a lungless salamander is a subspecies of the Tennessee cave salamander (Gyrinophilus palleucus). The Big Mouth Cave salamander lives in Big Mouth Cave and other caves in the Elk River drainage basin in Grundy County and Coffee County Tennessee. The salamander was first described by Lazell and Brandon in 1962.
 Cuspivolva celzardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Plesiopleurodon is an extinct genus of plesiosauroid from the Late Cretaceous of North America. It was named by Carpenter based upon a complete skull and lower jaws neck vertebrae and a right coracoid. It was collected from the Belle Fourche Shale (lower Cenomanian) in the Rattlesnake Hills of Wyoming. In naming the specimen Carpenter (1996 p.
 Obscurior lateraprocessa is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from North Sumatra.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax basal part of the costa costal part of the medial area and fringes are black. The costal medial area is quadrangular. The forewing ground colour is light brown suffused with brown patches and few black scales. All crosslines are indistinct. The terminal line is well marked by dark-brown interneural dots.
 The western gray squirrel (Sciurus griseus) is an arboreal rodent found along the western coast of the United States and Canada.In some places this species has also been known as the silver-gray squirrel the California gray squirrel the Oregon gray squirrel the Columbian gray squirrel and the banner-tail. There are three geographical subspecies: Sciurus griseus griseus (central Washington to the western Sierra Nevada in central California); S. g.
 The White-crested Tiger Heron (Tigriornis leucolopha) also known as the White-crested Bittern is a species of heron in the Ardeidae family. It is in the monotypic genus Tigriornis. It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mauritania Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Cobelodus is an extinct genus of shark that lived in the Middle to Late Carboniferous period in what is today Illinois and Iowa. Cobelodus was a 2 metres (6.6 ft) long predator. Although it was a shark Cobelodus had a number of differences from modern forms. It had a bulbous head large eyes a high-arched back and a dorsal fin placed far to the rear above the pelvic fins.
 Myctosuchus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 The Olive-backed Woodpecker (Dinopium rafflesii) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cape or southern grysbok (Raphicerus melanotis) is a small antelope that is endemic to the Western Cape region of South Africa between Albany and the Cederberg mountains. It has a rough reddish sandy coat flecked in white. The head neck and legs are less flecked and somewhat yellowish while the inside of the ears eye-rings mouth area throat and underside are white. There is a black bridge to the nose and a dark scent gland in front of the eye.
 Ecsenius midas known commonly as the Midas blenny Lyretail blenny or Golden blenny is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.The Midas blenny is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area from the eastern coast of Africa Red Sea included to the Marquesan Islands.It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.Its normal color is golden orange but it can adapt its color (mimicry) to match the color of the fishes it mixes with. It shows a black spot near the anus.
 Syncopacma steppicolella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (the southern Ural). The habitat consists of dry steppe slopes with diversified flora.The wingspan is 8.5–9.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark fuscous. The hindwings are pale fuscous. Adults are on wing in early June and mid-July possibly in two generations per year.The larvae possibly feed on Genista species.
 The genus Paradigalla Lesson 1835 consist of two species of birds of paradise. Both are medium sized black birds with blue and yellow facial wattles. Paradigalla derived from two words the Paradisaea and Gallus the Junglefowl of pheasant family. The two paradigallas and the four junglefowls exhibits facial wattles.
 Pseudodeltoida is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Callosamia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Darantasia apicata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Archon bostanchii is a species of False Apollo butterfly (genus Archon) belonging to the Parnassiinae or Snow Apollo subfamily. This recently described papilionid is endemic to Iran.
 Cultripalpa partita is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.
 Amblyeleotris rubrimarginata is a species of goby found on reefs or in sea grass beds in the western Pacific from New Caledonia to the Great Barrier Reef and around New Guinea Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines. It can be found at depths of from 3 to 26 metres (9.8 to 85.3 ft).
 Bathysciadiidae is a family of sea snails deep-sea limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Cocculiniformia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family has no subfamilies.
 Dunsopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
 Pachistopelma is a spider genus in the Theraphosidae familia native to the northern part of South America.
 The Chestnut-bellied Nuthatch (Sitta cinnamoventris) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family. It is found in the Indian Subcontinent. It is seen in Bhutan India Nepal and Tibet.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.This species has been split by Rasmussen and Anderton (2005) from: the Indian Nuthatch and Burmese Nuthatch.
 Pseudodeltote formosana is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The length of the forewings is 12-14 mm. The forewings are dark brown suffused with olive-green and the hindwings are white sparsely irrorated with dark brown.
 Obesotoma tenuilirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Acrobasis hemiargyralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Hampson in 1908. It is found in India.
 Aclytia hoffmannsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Peru.
 The orange clingfish Diplocrepis puniceus is a clingfish the only species in the genus Diplocrepis. It is found all around New Zealand from low water to about 5 m on rocky coastlines. This species grows to a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) SL.
 Murex is a genus of medium to large sized predatory tropical sea snails.
 Thermophis is a genus of snakes in the family Colubridae.
 Antecrurisa apicalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Antecrurisa.
 Perrona spirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Caecum campanulatum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Leucotmemis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Haplochromis macconneli is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Turkana northern Kenya. This species can reach a length of 7.7 centimetres (3.0 in) SL.
 The Thekla Lark (Galerida theklae) breeds in Iberia northern Africa and sub-Saharan Africa from Senegal to Somalia. It is a sedentary species. This is a common bird of dry open country often at some altitude. The Thekla Lark was named by Alfred Edmund Brehm in 1857 for his recently deceased sister Thekla Brehm (1833-1857).
 Bythiospeum noricum is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Chetone mimica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1874. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 Marginella hybrida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Waved Albatross (Phoebastria irrorata) also known as Galapagos Albatross is the only member of the Diomedeidae family located in the tropics. When they forage the Waved Albatross follow straight paths to a single site off the coast of Peru about 1000 km (620 mi) distant to the east. During the non-breeding season these birds reside primarily in the areas of the Ecuador and Peruvian coasts.
 Ambulyx jordani is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 Callionima gracilis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was originally described by Jordan as Hemeroplanes gracilis in 1923. It is endemic to Cuba.Adults are probably on wing in multiple generations. In size and colour it is similar to Callionima grisescens but with a truncate forewing apex strongly excavate below and a larger silver spot on the forewing upperside clearly divided into two branches.
 Pseudoclanis postica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from South Africa.The wingspan is 73–95 mm.The larvae feed on Celtis species.
 Megalurulus the thicketbirds are a genus of songbirds. Previously placed in the Old World Warbler family Sylviidae they does not seem to be a close relative of the typical warblers.
 Herochroma subspoliata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Oneida is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hulst in 1889.
 Sicydiinae is a small subfamily of freshwater gobies. It includes only nine genera. They are usually found in fast-moving mountain streams in tropical islands. They are characterized by highly developed rounded suction discs and an amphidromous life cycle. Adult lengths range from 2 to 15 cm (0.79 to 5.91 in). Some species are popular in the aquarium trade.
 Kingfisher (1867-1890) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1870 Belmont Stakes.Kingfisher was bred by Robert A. Alexander at his Woodburn Stud in Woodford County Kentucky[citation needed] Kingfisher was out of the imported mare Eltham Lass a daughter of Kingston. Kingfisher's sire was Lexington. He was a bay stallion.In 1868 Kingfisher was auctioned at the 1868 Woodburn Stud yearling sale.
 Tylotiella hottentota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Abyssinian Scimitarbill (Rhinopomastus minor) is a species of bird in the Phoeniculidae family.It is found in Djibouti Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.
 Columbarium spiralis is a species of very rare deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinellidae the pagoda shells.
 Liotyphlops argaleus is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Bocula divergens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Borneo Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Thailand.
 The glutinous snail Myxas glutinosa is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 Vaillantella the long-fin loaches is a small genus of loaches found in Southeast Asia. This genus is the only member of the family Vaillantellidae having been confirmed as such by M. Kottelat in his review of the loaches in 2012.
 Acantholycosa altaiensis is a species of wolf spider only known from the Tigiretsky Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.This uniformly dark brown spider is up to 9 mm in length. It can only be separated from its closest congeners by details of the genitalia.
 The yellow ground squirrel (Spermophilus fulvus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Afghanistan China Iran Kazakhstan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Epioblasma triquetra common name the Snuffbox is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels. It is a rare species and currently listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.
 Exaeretia lepidella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Russia (the Ural and Siberia).
 Gibberula eloinae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Conopterum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Conopterum aberrans (Sloane 1897) Conopterum atrum (Sloane 1916) Conopterum bicornutum Macleay 1887 Conopterum bifurcum (Sloane 1916) Conopterum chaudoirii (Macleay 1887) Conopterum damelii (Macleay 1869) Conopterum darlingense (Macleay 1887) Conopterum frenchi (Sloane 1916) Conopterum gagatinum (Macleay 1864) Conopterum leai (Sloane 1897) Conopterum longipenne (Sloane 1907) Conopterum modestum Sloane 1888 Conopterum mucronatum (Macleay 1866) Conopterum pertenue (Sloane 1916) Conopterum purpuratum (Sloane 1905) Conopterum pyripenne Sloane 1900 Conopterum riverinae (Macleay 1865) Conopterum sapphirinum (Bates 1874) Conopterum septentrionale (Macleay 1887) Conopterum spaldingii (Macleay 1878) Conopterum superbum (Castelnau 1867) Conopterum tropicale (Macleay 1887)↑
 Eleoniscus is a genus of the small terrestrial crustaceans known as woodlice. It includes one species Eleoniscus helenae which is endemic to Alicante province Spain where it is known from two caves. It may have been extirpated from one of the two caves (the species' type location) through the increasing urbanisation of the Macizo de Montgó.
 The longfin catshark Apristurus herklotsi is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the western Pacific from Japan to the Philippines and the East and South China Seas and the Kyūshū-Palau Ridge at depths between 530 and 865 m. Its length is up to 48 cm.
 Pseudalus leos is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Pseudosalpis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Stigmella childi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 2 mm.The larvae feed on Celmisia haastii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Apoplotrechus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Apoplotrechus hollandei Mateu 1983 Apoplotrechus strigipennis (Fairmaire 1903)↑
 Paraona interjecta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Lesotho South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Cladocyclus is an extinct genus of Ichthyodectidae. It was a predator fish of about 1.20 m (4 ft) in length.
 Hippotherium is an extinct genus of horse endemic to North America to Asia Europe and Africa during the Miocene through Pliocene ~13.65—3.3 Mya existing for 10.35 million years.
 The Silverbird (Empidornis semipartitus) is a 7 in (180 mm) long passerine bird native to Eastern Africa.
 Diarsia ochracea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Mordella reynoldsi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1930.
 Vitularia crenifer is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Schistura punctifasciata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Hellinsia luteolus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Arizona (including the type location the Huachuca Mountains).The wingspan is 20-21 mm. The head is brown (sometimes pale) but whitish between the antennae. The antennae are whitish above darker below sometimes with a blackish line above near the base. The thorax and abdomen are yellowish pale brownish white or tawny. The forewings are a little paler than the thorax and abdomen and generally tawny white.
 Colostethus dunni is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eilema borbonica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is endemic to Réunion.It has a length of approx. 10-12mm = wingspan of 20-22mm.
 Nebria klapperichi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Afghanistan.
 Limatulichthys griseus is the only species of the monotypic genus Limatulichthys a genus of the family Loricariidae of catfish (order Siluriformes).This species is native to Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana and Peru where it is widely distributed in the Amazon basin and in the Essequibo River drainage. It is also known from the Tocantins western Orinoco and Parnaíba River basins. L. griseus is a sand dweller.L. griseus reaches a length of 18.0 centimetres (7.1 in) SL.
 Conus moluccensis common name the Molucca cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The tayra (Eira barbara) also known as the tolomuco or perico ligero in Central America motete in Honduras irara in Brazil san hol or viejo de monte in the Yucatan Peninsula and high-woods dog (or historically chien bois) in Trinidad is an omnivorous animal from the weasel family Mustelidae. It is the only species in the genus Eira. There are at least nine subspecies.
 Eupithecia chalikophila is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Spain and North Africa.
 Rhytia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Diachromus germanus is a species of ground beetle and the only species of the monotypic genus Diachromus.It is native to Europe and the Near East.
 The blister beetle genus Meloe is a large widespread group commonly referred to as oil beetles. They are known as oil beetles because they release oily droplets of hemolymph from their joints when disturbed; this contains cantharidin a poisonous chemical causing blistering of the skin and painful swelling.
 The Malay Tailed Judy (Abisara savitri) is a small butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Punches and Judies that is the family Riodinidae.
 Austroglossus is a genus of soles native to the Atlantic coast of southern Africa.
 Glyphipterix variata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
 Transtillaspis golondrinana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).The wingspan is about 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale greyish brown with brownish suffusions in the basal and apical areas of the wing. The dots are brown and blackish and the markigs are brownish. The hindwings are brownish cream with a slight grey admixture greyer strigulae and brown dots on the periphery.
 Transtillaspis stiphra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white in the distal area of the wing with glossy marks. The hindwings are whitish tinged with pale brownish on the peripheries and sprinkled blackish costally.
 Ero cambridgei is a pirate spider species with Palearctic distribution. It is notably found in Lithuania.
 Comitas pachycercus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Xylophanes turbata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico to Nicaragua and Costa Rica. An occasional stray may be found up to southern Arizona.The wingspan is 62-63 mm. The tegula are pale olive-green with a characteristic dark olive band along the outer margin immediately above the white outer margin. The forewing upperside is similar to that of Xylophanes tersa tersa but differs in the four postmedian lines all converging to the apex.
 Oxyothespis villiersi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 Chinchippus is a genus of solifugid in the Ammotrechidae family with two described species C. peruvianus and C. viejaensis. Both species are only known from the coastal desert and guano islands of the Ica Region of central Peru.
 Papilio hyppason is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Surinam Brazil Bolivia Peru Venezuela and Ecuador.
 Paranteosaurus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Anelosimus monskenyensis is a small species of spider in the family Theridiidae. It has only been found on Mount Kenya the location from which its name originates. Males range in size from 1.80 to 1.90 millimetres (0.071 to 0.075 in) while females range from 1.90 to 2.55 millimetres (0.075 to 0.100 in). Specimens were shades of brown and white although color variation is not known.
 Napeogenes sylphis is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.The larvae of subspecies Napeogenes sylphis acreana have been recorded feeding on Lycianthes species.
 Bucculatrix gossypina is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Ghesquière in 1940. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.Bucculatrix gossypina larvae feed on Gossypium species.
 Gharbouria is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 The Hawaiian Sphinx (Hyles calida) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Hawaii. The larvae feed on Acacia koa Bobea elatior Coprosma Gardenia Metrosideros Pelea Scaevola chamissoniana Scaevola gaudichaudiana and Straussia. Adults feed on flowers of Lantana Metrosideros and others. Larvae are about 60 mm long.
 The Brazilian Teal or Brazilian Duck (Amazonetta brasiliensis) is the only duck in the genus Amazonetta. It was formerly considered a perching duck but more recent analyses indicate that it belongs to a clade of South American dabbling ducks which also includes the Crested Duck the Bronze-winged Duck and possibly the steamer ducks.The ducks are light brown in colour.
 Trilochana smaragdina is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was known only from a single female from West Papua (Irian Jaya) but has recently also been collected in Queensland Australia.
 The Speckled Chub (Macrhybopsis aestivalis) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family of the order Cypriniformes which also includes carps suckers and loaches.
 The pearl danio (Danio albolineatus) is a tropical fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae). Originating in Sumatra Burma and Thailand this fish is sometimes found in community tanks by fish-keeping hobbyists. It grows to a maximum length of 2.6 inches (6.5 cm) and lives for around five years. The fish could have a brownish-yellow pink or a silver body and two light yellow/white or blue/red stripes. It has an iridescent look.
 Emmalocera longiramella is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Pseudacanthicus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America.
 Scaptesyle bipartita is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found in New Guinea.
 Alvania abstersa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Graphium hicetaon is a butterfly found in the Solomon Islands - Bougainville Island Choiseul Island Shortland Island Florida Island Guadalcanal New Georgia Group Ugi Island that belongs to the Swallowtail family.
 Herpetocetus is a genus of cetotheriid mysticete in the subfamily Herpetocetinae.
 The beech blight aphid (Grylloprociphilus imbricator) is a small insect in the order Hemiptera that feeds on the sap of American beech trees. The aphids form dense colonies on small branches and the undersides of leaves.The aphids themselves are a light bluish color with bodies covered with long white waxy filaments giving them a woolly appearance. They first become apparent in July and as populations continue to grow they become increasingly noticeable.
 Beddomeia lodderae is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The Argentine (Spatalia argentina) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Central and Southern Europe through Turkey and Iraq up to Iran.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies from April to August in two generations depending on the location.The larvae mainly feed on Quercus species but also on Salix and Populus species.
 Ernophthora palassoptera is a species of snout moths in the genus Ernophthora. It was described by Clarke in 1986. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Chiloglanis emarginatus the Phongolo suckermout is a species of upside-down catfish native to Mozambique South Africa Swaziland and Zimbabwe where it occurs in the Pongola Komati Pungwe and the middle to lower Zambezi Rivers. This species grows to a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) SL. This fish is of minor importance in local fisheries.
 Eois dissensa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The southern big-eared brown bat is a species of bat from the family Vespertilionidae. Although current taxonomy treats the southern big-eared brown bat as a separate species it is often treated as a subspecies of the small big-eared brown bat. It lives in the forests of southern Argentina and Chile; though the population of the bat in the southern part of its habitat is low there are no major concerns to justify anything lower than a Least Concern rating in the IUCN Red List.
 The yellowfin fairy-wrasse Cirrhilabrus flavidorsalis is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean from Indonesia to the Philippines and Palau. It inhabits coral reefs living in groups among the branches of branching coral. It can be found at depths from 6 to 40 m (20 to 131 ft) though rsrely deeper than 28 m (92 ft). This species can reach a total length of 6.5 cm (2.6 in).
 Noctua noacki is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.It is commonly misspelled noaki instead of noacki.
 Eariadinae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae. This subfamily contains only a single genus Earias.
 Party Politics (1984 - 2009) was a Thoroughbred racehorse most famous for his victory in the 1992 Grand National at Aintree Racecourse ridden by Carl Llewellyn trained by Nick Gaselee and owned by Patricia Thompson. He also finished second to Royal Athlete in the 1995 Grand National.Party Politics won the 1992 Grand National five days before the 1992 UK General Election.He was put down in 2009 aged 25 due to old age.
 Karanasa leechi is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Asia including Darvaz the Pamirs and Hindu Kush.The habitat consists of xerophytic slopes with thin vegetation at 3500 to 4700 meters above sea level.Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Hyperandra laguerrei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Nicaragua.
 The Blue Ringtail (Austrolestes annulosus) is an Australian damselfly. It is found in most of the continent.
 Calophaenoidea arrowi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Calophaenoidea.
 Spiniphallellus is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Daphnella antillana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Lampronia luzella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Ireland Great Britain the Benelux France central Europe Italy Fennoscandia the Baltic region Russia Poland the Czech Republic and Romania.The wingspan is about 12 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July and fly in afternoon sunshine.The larvae probably feed on Rubus species.
 Teretoctopus is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae.
 Xanthodaphne heterogramma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Vicugna is a genus containing two South American camelids the vicuña and the alpaca.Previously thought to be descended from the llama the alpaca was reclassified as part of Vicugna after a 2001 paper on alpaca DNA. The paper showed that the alpaca is descended from the vicuña not the guanaco.
 Glyphipterix canachodes is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in southern India.
 Epinyctis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Psilogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
 Exaeretia ciniflonella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found from Great Britain to Fennoscandia south through Germany to Italy east through Austria Poland and the Baltic region to the eastern parts of the Palearctic ecozone. It is also present in western North America.The wingspan is 17–24 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August and overwinter.
 The yellow oriole (Icterus nigrogularis) is a passerine bird in the family Icteridae. It should not be confused with the green oriole sometimes alternatively called the Australasian yellow oriole Oriolus flavocinctus which is an Old World oriole.The yellow oriole is also called the 'plantain' and 'small corn bird' and in Venezuela it is known as 'gonzalito'.
 Polycarpa is a genus of tunicate in the family Styelidae.
 Haustellum bondarevi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ostha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cosmopterix navarroi is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Argentina (Tucumán).Adults have been recorded in the month of November.
 Acerbia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 The Burnished-buff Tanager (Tangara cayana) also known as the Rufous-crowned Tanager is a common South American species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in the northern Guianas most of Venezuela and east-central Colombia; also near the Amazon River outlet in Brazil as well as most of the east of that country Paraguay and northeast Argentina. It also occurs very locally in Bolivia and Peru.
 Comodoria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gemixystus recurvatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Calicha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Turbonilla circumlata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eucrossus villicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Eucrossus.
 Cryptodaphne gradata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Thysanophrys is a genus of flatheads native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Eupoecilia quinaspinalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Fujian Hainan).The wingspan is 11–13 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish intermixed with dark brown. The basal half of the costa is suffused with dark brown. The hindwings are dark greyish.
 Copelatus weymarni is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by J. Balfour-Browne in 1947.
 Inape luteina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador (Pichincha Province).
 Cautethia carsusi is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae from the Dominican Republic. It was described by Haxaire and Schmit in 2001. It is the largest species in the genus Cautethia with males having a wingspan of 19.5 millimetres and females having a wingspan of 20.5 millimetres.
 Erycinidia is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
 The Cuterebrinae are a subfamily of Oestridae which includes large parasitic flies; this group has historically been treated as a family but all recent classifications place them firmly within the Oestridae. Both genera spend their larval stages in the skin of animals. The genus Cuterebra or rodent bots attack rodents and similar animals. The other genus Dermatobia attacks primates and humans.
 Heteropsis erebennis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Long-tailed Meadowlark (Sturnella loyca) is a passerine bird of southern South America and the Falkland Islands belonging to the meadowlark genus Sturnella in the icterid family that looks very similar to the related endangered species Pampas Meadowlark.It is 25 to 28 cm long with a fairly long tail and a long pointed bill. The male is mostly dark brown with blackish streaking. The breast and throat are bright red and there is a white spot on the face near the base of the bill.
 The Cardinal (Argynnis pandora) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is common throughout southern Europe and is also found in northern Africa and western and central Asia.The wingspan is 64–80 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September (in Europe typically May to August) depending on the location.The larvae feed on Viola species.
 Clinostomum marginatum is a species of parasitic fluke (class Trematoda). It is commonly called the yellow grub. It is found in many freshwater fish in North America and no fish so far is immune to this parasite. This type of fluke can be found in the mouth of aquatic birds such as herons and egrets. They are also found commonly in the esophagus of fish-eating birds and reptiles. Eggs of these trematodes are shed in the feces hopefully into the water.
 The Annulet or Scotch Annulet (Charissa obscurata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Europe.It is a variable species whose ground colour generally reflects the area it inhabits. It is whitish or pale grey in limestone and chalky districts. Darker forms are found in areas with peaty soils.The wingspan is 27–32 mm.
 Chaetophora is a genus in the family Byrrhidae the pill beetles.
 The avian genus Quiscalus contains six of the ten species of grackle gregarious passerine birds in the Icterid family. They are native to North and South America. The six species are: Boat-tailed Grackle Quiscalus major Common Grackle Quiscalus quiscula Great-tailed Grackle Quiscalus mexicanus Slender-billed Grackle Quiscalus palustris - extinct (1910) Nicaraguan Grackle Quiscalus nicaraguensis Greater Antillean Grackle Quiscalus niger Carib Grackle Quiscalus lugubris
 Leiocephalus loxogrammus commonly known as the San Salvador Curly-tailed Lizard is a lizard species from the family of curly-tailed lizards (Leiocephalidae). It is endemic to the Bahama islands and is only known on San Salvador Island and Rum Cay.Two sub-species have been described for the two different island populations. L.l.loxogrammus on Rum Cay and L.l.parnelli on San Salvador Island.
 Turbonilla nicholsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This species was named after Lieutenant Nichols who collected the type specimen.
 Polythlipta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Stigmella amuriella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.
 Afrida tortriciformis is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found on Jamaica.
 Daphnis torenia is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in the Pacific including Fiji the New Hebrides and Hawaii.It was considered a subspecies of Daphnis placida for some time but was reinstated as a species. The forewing upperside similar to Daphnis placida placida but the proximal edge of the olive-green median area is straight very feebly or not at all incurved on the costa and the antemedian line is barely visible.
 Jeana delicatula is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Tasmania and Victoria.The larvae are subterranean and probably feed on the roots and bases of grasses.
 Tolpia paraunguis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Thailand.The wingspan is 13-15 mm. All crosslines are brown indistinct with a black costal spot. The terminal line is indicated by black interneural dots. The hindwing is dark brown and the underside is unicolorous brown.
 Amblyscirtes is a genus of butterfly called skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Costa Rica brook frog or red-eyed stream frog (Duellmanohyla uranochroa) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Costa Rica and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.This species is classified as critically endangered by the IUCN.
 The rotund rocksnail scientific name †Leptoxis ligata was a species of gastropod in the family Pleuroceridae.This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 Emberizidae is a large family of passerine birds which are typically known as buntings in the Old World and sparrows in the New World. They are seed-eating birds with a distinctively finch-like bill.In Europe most species are called buntings. In North America most of the species in this family are known as (American) sparrows but these birds are not closely related to the (Old World) sparrows the family Passeridae.
 Anacanthobythites is a genus of viviparous brotulas both found in the eastern Indian Ocean.
 Perca fluviatilis commonly known as the European perch perch redfin perch or English perch is a predatory species of perch found in Europe and Asia. The species is a popular quarry for anglers and has been widely introduced beyond its native area into Australia New Zealand and South Africa.
 Crassispira quadrifasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Hyles malgassica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Mionochroma rufescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gahan in 1895. It is known from the West Indies and Mexico.
 Pachyiulus speciosus is a species of millipede from Julidae family that is endemic to Greece.
 Isogona punctipennis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Arizona.The wingspan is 23-26 mm.
 Berosus is a genus of hydrophilid beetle.
 Neptis swynnertoni Swynnerton’s Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Malawi west central Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of montane forests.Adults are on wing from September to May.The larvae feed on Macaranga mellifera.
 Synchirus gilli the Manacled sculpin is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean where it occurs along the coast from Alaska to southern California. This species grows to a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The dense-scale lanternshark Etmopterus pycnolepis is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the southeast Pacific off Peru and Chile.
 Kamosiella is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Kamosiella dermestoides (Thomson 1878) Kamosiella jactuosula (Peringuey 1908)↑
 Copiolepis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Semotrachia sublevata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Ambophthalmos is a genus of fatheads found in the southwestern Pacific Ocean.
 Notentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Palaeoperca is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Agriocnemis is a genus of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae.
 Europlema desistaria is a species of moth of the Uraniidae family. It is found in India Burma Thailand Taiwan Borneo Sulawesi Flores and Queensland.Adults have a complex wingpattern consisting of shades of brown. There is a ragged white inner margin on each forewing and along the costa of each hindwing.
 Chrysallida brevicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Coleophora hieratica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The Streaked Sphinx (Protambulyx strigilis) is a species of moth of the family Sphingidae. It is known from tropical and subtropical lowlands in Florida and throughout Central America and the West Indies south toColombia Ecuador Peru Bolivia Venezuela Guyana Suriname French Guiana Brazil and Argentina.The wingspan is 108-134 mm.
 The Southern Masked Weaver or African Masked Weaver (Ploceus velatus) is a resident breeding bird species common throughout southern Africa.This weaver is very widespread and found in a wide range of habitats including shrubland savanna grassland open woodland inland wetlands and semi-desert areas. It also occurs in suburban gardens and parks.
 Carmenta engelhardti is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Duckworth and Eichlin in 1973. It is known from Arizona.It was collected on Brickellia foliage found along small creeks in the Patagonia and Huachuca Mountains in August.
 Falkneria is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This genus has incorrectly been referred to as Falkneri which was an orthographical error by Giusti & Manganelli in 1990.
 Mammuthus subplanifrons is the oldest representative of the genus mammuthus appearing around 5 million years ago during the early Pliocene in what is today South Africa Ethiopia and other countries of East Africa. They already presented some of the unique characteristics of mammoths like the spirally twisting tusks.
 Euctenachlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Ophiogramma.
 Coleophora parasymi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the lower Volga area in southern Russia.The larvae feed on Kochia prostrata.
 Ambulyx pseudoregia is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China (Sichuan).
 Caudellia pilosa is a species of snout moth in the genus Caudellia. It was described by Landry and Neunzig in 2006 and is known from the Dominican Republic.The length of the forewings is 6.5-7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish-grey while the hindwings are smoky brown.
 Helcogramma novaecaledoniae known commonly as the New Caledonian triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Fricke in 1994.
 Attheyella yemanjae is a species of copepod in the family Canthocamptidae. It is only known from the type locality which is the Campo Úmido da Onça in Brazil's Distrito Federal (15°56′40″S 47°54′20″W). It is listed as conservation dependent on the IUCN Red List. The specific epithet yemanjae commemorates Yemanjá the beneficent and terrible goddess of the sea and the patroness of those who work on the waters in Candombé mythology.
 Fusinus forceps is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Amalda optima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Adelognathinae are a subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.Adelognathinae are idiobiont ectoparasitoids of Symphyta larvae. Distribution is Holarctic.There is only one genus the type genus Adelognathus.
 Mimeresia moreelsi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 Epidesma redunda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Mexico Costa Rica Trinidad Venezuela French Guiana Guyana and Peru.
 Radiacmea is a southern genus of true limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lottiidae.
 Eupithecia skoui is a moth in the Geometridae family that is endemic to Thailand.The wingspan is about 21.5 millimetres (0.85 in). The forewings are dirty white and the hindwings are pale dirty white.
 Podotachina is a subgenus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Ceratosoma tenue is a species of colorful dorid nudibranch a sea slug a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Acaricis urigersoni is a species of mite.
 Heliosia micra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1903. It is found in Australia.
 Cepphus is a genus of seabirds in the auk family also referred to as true guillemots or in North America simply as guillemots. These are medium-sized birds with mainly black plumage in the breeding season thin dark bills and red legs and feet. Two species have white wing patches the third has white facial “spectacles”.
 Cichla ocellaris sometimes known as the butterfly peacock bass (peacock bass is also used for some of its relatives) is a very large species of cichlid from South America and a prized game fish. It reaches 74 centimetres (29 in) in length. It is native to the Marowijne and Essequibo drainages in the Guianas and the Branco River in Brazil.
 Neoblasta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Elysia gordanae is a species of sea slug a marine gastropod mollusc.This sea slug resembles a nudibranch but it is not closely related to that order of gastropods. It is instead a sacoglossan. It was first described by Thompson and Jaklin in 1988 from off the coast of Spain. It is also known from the Adriatic Sea and other parts of the Mediterranean Sea.
 Copelatus gabonicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Pederzani in 1978.
 Limatula aupouria is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae the file shells or file clams.
 Neenchelys is a genus of snake eels native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Jacola (1935–1959) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by Arthur B. Hancock she was sired by the British import Jacopo a son of the 1924 Epsom Derby winner Sansovino. Jacola was out of the mare La France a daughter of Sir Gallahad who was the leading sire in North America in 1930 1933 1934 and 1940 and who sired 1930 U.S. Triple Crown winner Gallant Fox. A year following Jacola's birth La France foaled U.S.
 Nasolo's shrew tenrec (Microgale nasoloi) is a species of mammal in the Tenrecidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Garra imbarbatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Pseudophilautus eximius was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It was endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Matus is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae. It contains the following species: Matus bicarinatus (Say 1823) Matus leechi Young 1953 Matus ovatus Leech 1941 Matus relictus Young 1953↑
 The Painted Parakeet (Pyrrhura picta) more commonly known as the Painted Conure in aviculture is a species of bird in the Psittacidae family the true parrots. Its taxonomy is highly complex and has undergone significant changes in recent years. As here defined it is restricted to forests in northern South America (north of the Amazon River) and Panama. Some of the taxa here included in the Painted Parakeet are highly endangered.
 The Cyatholipidae are a spider family with 58 described species in 23 genera.They were discovered in the late 19th century in Africa. Cyatholipidae live mostly in moist montane forests. Certain species such as Scharffia rossi however live in dry regions such as savannah.Most members of this family hang beneath sheet webs.
 The Baglafecht Weaver (Ploceus baglafecht) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Nigeria Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Coleophora albostraminata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Gioiella is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with three described species.
 The Camarodonta are an order of globular sea urchins in the class Echinoidea. The fossil record shows that camarodonts have been in existence since the Lower Cretaceous.
 Microliobunum is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Labrisomus socorroensis the Misspelled blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Revillagigedo Islands where they inhabit rocky areas at depths of from extremely shallow waters to 10 metres (33 ft).
 Chiasmiodes was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Semiothisa.
 Parvanachis obesa common name the fat dovesnail is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Ormetica taniala is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Agriomorpha is a monotypic damselfly genus. It belongs to the family Megapodagrionidae.The species is:Agriomorpha fusca
 Austrorossia enigmatica is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean; it occurs off the coast of southern Africa from Namibia to Cape Province. It lives at depths from 276 to 400 m.The type specimens measure up to 27 mm in mantle length.The type locality of this species is off the South African coast. The type specimens are deposited at The Natural History Museum in London.The validity of A. enigmatica has been questioned.
 Symphlebia muscosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in French Guiana Venezuela Peru Panama and Costa Rica.
 Sphaeromorda abessinica is a species of beetle in the Sphaeromorda genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1968 by Ermisch.
 Melanoxena is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family containing only one species Melanoxena falsissima which is known from Colombia.
 Gastrotheca dendronastes is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cochylis sannitica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Italy.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing in July.
 The relictual slender salamander (Batrachoseps relictus) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to California found only a small area in Kern County California.
 The King Rat (Uromys rex) is a species of giant naked-tailed rat rodents in the family Muridae endemic to Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands. It is found in the Poha valley on Guadalcanal in the Solomons. It lives in trees. It is larger than Uromys porculus but smaller than Uromys imperator.
 Angolatitan (Angolan giant) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous and the first dinosaur discovered in Angola. Based on a forelimb it was described in 2011 by Octávio Mateus and colleagues. The only species is Angolatitan adamastor. Angolatitan was a relict form of its time being a basal titanosauriform sauropod in a world dominated by the more derived titanosaurs.
 Johora singaporensis the Singapore stream crab or Singapore freshwater crab is a critically endangered species of freshwater crab endemic to Singapore. It grows to a size of 30 millimetres (1.2 in) wide.
 Acygnatha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Racket-tailed Coquette (Discosura longicaudus; sometimes Discosura longicauda) is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae native to northern South America.
 Scopula patularia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Walsingham's Grass Tubeworm Moth (Acrolophus propinqua) is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America including Alabama Florida Georgia Illinois Louisiana Maryland Mississippi New York Ohio South Carolina Tennessee Virginia and West Virginia.The wingspan is 22-26 mm.
 Pustulatirus eppi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Schizopygopsis kessleri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizopygopsis.
 Stanulus talboti Talbot's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific Ocean. This species feeds primarily on plants including benthic algae and weeds. This species can reach 4.8 cm (1.9 in) in TL. This fish is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Rajacoa is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Melectini are a tribe of medium- to large-sized apid bees found essentially worldwide. They are brood parasites of the related typical digger bees (Anthophorini) and will occasionally visit flowers e.g. in prairie landscapes of the United States.As in other cuckoo bees females can be easily distinguished from those of their hosts by the lack of scopae and other pollen-collecting adaptations as well as lacking prepygidial fimbria and basitibial plates.
 Saunders's Gull or the Chinese Black-headed Gull (Chroicocephalus saundersi) is a species of gull in the Laridae family.It is found in China Hong Kong Japan North Korea South Korea Macau Russia Taiwan and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are estuarine waters and intertidal marshes.As with many other gulls it has traditionally been placed in the genus Larus but based on phylogenetic work some have moved it to Chroicocephalus while others argue it is sufficiently distinct for placement in the monotypic Saundersilarus.It is threatened by habitat loss. 
 The Mount Elimbari narrow-mouthed toad (Albericus siegfriedi) or Siegfried's rainforest toad is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Caryatis phileta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Drury in 1782. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Ghana Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 Olivella rosolina is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Achatinella cestus is a species ofair-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 The roughskin spurdog Cirrhigaleus asper is a dogfish of the family Squalidae found circumglobally between latitudes 35°N and 35°S at depths of between 200 and 600 m. It reaches a length of 1.2 m.The roughskin spurdog is ovoviviparous with 21 to 22 young in a litter.
 Rachiplusia virgula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Chile.
 The Red-thighed Sparrowhawk (Accipiter erythropus) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.
 Catharosia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Trifurcula thymi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Germany and Poland to the Alps and Hungary as well as in France and the Iberian Peninsula.The larvae feed on Satureja cuneifolia Satureja montana Thymus camphoratus Thymus glabrescens Thymus mastichina Thymus pannonicus Thymus pulegioides and Thymus vulgaris. The mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Rhynchodipterus is a genus of prehistoric lungfish that lived during the late Devonian period.
 Physetostege is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Baputa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Epistrophe ochrostoma is a European species of hoverfly.
 Grammodes congenita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa Swaziland and Madagascar.Foodplants of the larvae of this species are Cistus salvifolius Rubus sp. Smilax sp. and Polygonum sp.. This species also figures on a $100 stamp of Cabo Verde from 1999.
 Pentateucha inouei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Taiwan. The habitat consists of alpine forests.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ilex formosana.
 Trichinella spiralis is a nematode parasite occurring in rodents pigs bears and humans and is responsible for the disease trichinosis. It is sometimes referred to as the pork worm due to it being found commonly in undercooked pork products.
 Neolamprologus niger is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only found along the northern shores. It is a crevice-dweller and feeds on molluscs. This species reaches a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Amerila thermochroa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1916. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.
 Ferris's Antaeotricha Moth (Antaeotricha arizonensis) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the mountain ranges in south-eastern Arizona and south-western New Mexico.The forewing length is 9-11 mm and the wingspan is about 21 mm. Adults are on wing from mid-June to October suggesting more than one generation.Larvae have been reared from Quercus hypoleucoides.
 Goneplacoidea is a superfamily of crabs containing 11 extant families and two families known only from fossils (marked †). Acidopsidae † Carinocarcinoididae Chasmocarcinidae Conleyidae Euryplacidae Goneplacidae Litocheiridae † Martinocarcinidae Mathildellidae Progeryonidae Scalopidiidae Sotoplacidae Vultocinidae↑ ↑
 Hypodoxa regina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Linnaemya is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Archagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Archagonum dichroum (Putzeys 1880) Archagonum hirtum (Raffray 1886)↑
 Lophozozymus pulchellus is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae.
 Charanyca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nippoptilia rutteni is a species of moth in the genus Nippoptilia known from New Guinea. Moths in this species have a wingspan of approximately 13 millimetres (0.51 in). The specific name rutteni refers to microlepidopterist Dr. A.L.M. Rutten.
 Eubela is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 The spotted weever Trachinus araneus is a fish of the Trachinidae family Perciformes order and Actinopterygii class. It is up to 45 cm long brown and yellow on the head and back paler below with darker spots along the sides. The shape of its body is long and laterally flattened the mouth almost is vertical in the head.
 Synodontis haugi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Gabon where it is found in the Ogowe River basin. This species grows to a length of 30.2 centimetres (11.9 in) TL.
 Sibirocosa kolymensis is a species of wolf spider found in the Kolyma region in the far east of Russia.This species has a body length of up to 7 mm. It is rather variable in colour from brown to almost black. There are few external distinguishing marks (apart from a reddish heart-shaped mark on the abdomen of the male) and it can only be distinguished with certainty from related species by details of the genitalia.
 Caloptilia macranthes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Texas).
 The Noisy Pitta (Pitta versicolor) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is also known as the Buff-breasted Pitta the Lesser Pitta and the Blue-winged Pitta (Pitta moluccensis is another species known as the Blue-winged Pitta which sometimes leads to confusion in applying their common names). The Noisy Pitta occurs in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It eats earthworms insects and snails.
 Macrorrhinia aureofasciella is a species of snout moths in the genus Macrorrhinia. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Arizona and Texas in the United States.The wingspan is 13-22 mm. The forewings are ocherous gray. The hindwings are translucent whitish with a pale smoky tint.
 Splendrillia disjecta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Phryganopsis gilvapatagia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2010. It is found in South Africa.
 Koyamaia curvipes is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Elytroleptus luteicollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Skiles & Chemsak in 1982.
 The common shrew opossums (genus Caenolestes) are members of the Caenolestidae family. They are found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 Desmarest's hutia (Capromys pilorides) also known as the Cuban hutia is a species of rodent endemic to Cuba. Weighing up to 8.5 kg (19 lb) it is the largest of the extant species of hutia (the extinct giant hutias were far larger). It is common and the only hutia species that is listed as Least Concern by the IUCN.
 The Pheasant Pigeons (Otidiphaps nobilis) is a genus of large terrestrial pigeon found in the primary rainforests of New Guinea and nearby islands. It ranges primarily over hilly and lower mountain areas but can also be found in lowlands.
 Parachaeturichthys is a genus of gobies native to deep waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Centrovarioplana tenuis is a species of Maricola triclad that is found in the Antarctica. It's the only species known in the Centrovarioplananidae family.
 The whiptail wallaby (Macropus parryi) also known as the pretty-faced wallaby is a species of wallaby found in eastern Australia. It is locally common from Cooktown in Queensland to near Grafton in New South Wales.
 Iambrix stellifer the Starry Bob or Malay Chestnut Bob is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in southern Burma Laos Thailand Malaysia and Singapore as well as on Borneo Sumatra Nias Java Batoe and Mentawi. The habitat consists of forested lowland areas.The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on bamboo species. They are pale green with a yellow head.
 Dichagyris forcipula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from central and southern Europe and Algeria east to the Caucasus Turkey Syria Lebanon Iraq and Iran.
 Protosquillidae is a family of mantis shrimp. It contains the following genera:Chorisquilla Manning 1969Echinosquilla Manning 1969Haptosquilla Manning 1969Protosquilla Brooks 1886Rayellus Ahyong 2010Siamosquilla Naiyanetr 1989↑
 Prosiren is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Hemicyon the so-called dog-bear literally Half Dog (Greek:ἡμικυων/hemi-kuôn) is an extinct genus of the family Hemicyonidae which probably originated in Eurasia but was found in Europe Asia and North America during the Miocene epoch (23.03 to 5.33 million years ago) existing for approximately 16.9 to 11.1 mya.
 Antimitrella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Clarkeulia simera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Pteropurpura macroptera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Metaprionota is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Conus malacanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Inquisitor aemula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Gobiopsis is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and western Pacific oceans.
 Euchromia lurlina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1888. It is found on Thursday Island.
 Hydrobia acuta is a species of very small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Strabena mopsus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Krolina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Castle Forbes (foaled 1961) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racemare voted the American Co-Champion Two-Year-Old Filly of 1963. Sired by the Irish stallion Tulyar winner of the 1952 Epsom Derby her dam was Longford a daughter of the very good American runner Menow.Bred and raced by the Phipps family's Wheatley Stable Castle Forbes was trained by National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame trainer Bill Winfrey.
 Scopula kohor is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Chad.
 The Assam Pierrot (Tarucus waterstradti dharta) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. Formerly considered a distinct species it is now generally regarded as a well-marked subspecies of T. waterstradti.
 Colotis dissociatus is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the Tanzania Malawi southern and eastern Zambia northern Mozambique Zimbabwe and Botswana. The habitat consists of dry savanna and moister savanna.The larvae feed on Capparis species.
 The Panay Striped Babbler (Zosterornis latistriatus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paraclinus arcanus is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil. It is an inhabitant of reefs at depths of from near the surface to 3 metres (9.8 ft). This species can reach a length of 3.2 centimetres (1.3 in) SL.
 Pareiorhina rudolphi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraíba do Sul River near Lorena São Paulo State Brazil. This species grows to a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) TL.
 Tosena is a genus of cicadas from Southeast Asia. They are the type genus of tribe Tosenini. Species formerly included in Tosena are Distantalna splendida Formotosena montivaga Formotosena seebohmi and Trengganua sibylla.
 The Yellow-bellied Brush-furred Rat (Lophuromys luteogaster) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations .
 The Cumberland bean pearly mussel Cumberland bean or purple bean (Villosa trabalis) is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae. This species is endemic to the United States. It can be found in Alabama Kentucky and Tennessee. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trypeta aprica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Tolpia parasarawakia is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The wingspan is 13-14 mm. The hindwing is brown and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Silent Screen (1967-–1993) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was trained by J. Bowes Bond for owners Sonny and Leah Ray Werbin who raced under the nom de course Elberon Farm.Silent Screen was the 1969 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt. At age three in 1970 he won the Bahamas Stakes at Hialeah Park Race Track and the Saranac Handicap at Saratoga Race Course. He ran second to winner Personality in the Wood Memorial Stakes and third to him in the second leg of the U.S.
 Leptocroca lenita is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Philpott in 1931. It is found in New Zealand.
 Kitatites is an extinct Upper Devonian(Frasnian) cephalopod genus named by Zhuravleva 1972. It is assigned to the nautiloid order Discosorida.
 Auratonota polymaculata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 36 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cream but brownish along the termen and tinged pale ferruginous between markings. The colour is cream along blotches and spots. The hindwings are brown.
 Ethmia semiombra is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Texas and Mexico.The length of the forewings is 9.2–11.7 mm. The ground color of the forewings is dark on the costal half and whitish lightly to heavily tinged with gray on the dorsal half. The ground color of the hindwings is whitish basally becoming pale brownish on the apical half. Adults of ssp. semiombra are on wing in February May June and September (in Texas) and July (in Tamaulipas).
 The Large-billed Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus magnirostris) is a species of leaf warbler (family Phylloscopidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.Living in Asia it winters in the Western Ghats and associated hill ranges. It is found in dense vegetation and is more often heard than seen. The two note dir-tee call with the second note much higher is distinctive. They call often and at regular intervals.
 Gazella harmonae is an extinct gazelle which existed in what is now Ethiopia during the Pliocene epoch. It was described by Denis Geraads René Bobe and Kaye Reed in 2012. Approximately the size of a living dorcas gazelle the animal was noted for its unusual spiral horn cores.
 The Red Warbler (Cardellina ruber) is a small passerine bird endemic to the highlands of Mexico north of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. It is closely related to and forms a superspecies with the Pink-headed Warbler of southern Mexico and Guatemala. There are three subspecies found in disjunct populations which differ primarily in the color of their ear patch and in the brightness and tone of their body plumage.
 Atractopyge is a genus of trilobite that lived in what would be Asia and Europe from the middle Ordovician to the early Devonian from 472—412.3 mya existing for approximately 59.7 million years.
 The gladiator elimia scientific name Elimia hydei is a species of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Mordella compacta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1895.
 Altica bicarinata is a species of leaf beetle from the subfamily Galerucinae. It can be found in Greece Israel Lebanon Syria Iraq on Cyprus in the north of Egypt and Saudi Arabia.
 Scophthalmus is a genus of turbots native to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Ypsolopha leptaula is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.
 Poekilosoma is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Poekilosoma carinatipenne Lane 1941 Poekilosoma ornatum (Dalman 1823)↑
 Bellamya jucunda is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Butoa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Sullied Sailer Neptis soma is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.
 Synodontis frontosa is a species of upside-down catfish widely distributed in northern and central Africa. This species grows to a length of 34.2 centimetres (13.5 in) TL.
 Anomis esocampta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1926. It is found on Fiji.
 Proisocrinus ruberrimus a species of crinoid that is in the monotypic genus Proisocrinus. The genus is in the monotypic family Proisocrinidae
 Monactis is a genus of sea anemones in the family Hormathiidae. There is so far only one species known in this genus Monactis vestita (Gravier 1918)
 Eupithecia phoebe is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 The Symmocidae are a family of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea. These small moths are found mainly in the Palearctic and Africa.They have traditionally been considered close relatives of the Blastobasidae where they were sometimes included as subfamily Symmocinae. In arrangements that include the former in the case-bearer family (Coleophoridae) as subfamily Blastobasinae the Symmocidae were usually treated as tribe Symmocini.
 Xorides ater is a parasitoid wasp from ichneumonid family that parasitizes long-horned beetles of next species and subspecies: Tetropium castaneum Arhopalus rusticus rusticus.
 Phlaocyon achoros is an extinct species of the genus Phlaocyon belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini a canid which inhabited the southeastern North America from the Late Oligocene to Miocene living 24.6—20.8 mya and existed for approximately 4.2 million years.
 Atlantarctia dido is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by M. Wagner in 1841. It is found in Algeria.The larvae feed on Taraxacum species.
 Labidochromis textilis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found along the central portion of the eastern coast. This species grows to a length of 7.7 centimetres (3.0 in) SL.
 Colobocerus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Panogena lingens is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.It is similar but much darker than Panogena jasmini. The abdomen has yellow lateral patches. The hindwing upperside is black at the extreme base.The long-spurred Neobathiea grandidierana from Madagascar is pollinated by the long-tongued hawkmoth with the pollinaria deposited on the basal part of the proboscis of the moth.
 Apopyllus silvestrii is a spider species in the genus Apopyllus found in Peru Bolivia Brazil Argentina and Chile.
 Comely Shiner (Notropis amoenus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Caecilia perdita is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Plusiodonta malagasy is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Meterythrosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Meterythrosia sangala which is found in Guatemala.
 The Chiloé Wigeon (Anas sibilatrix) also known as the southern wigeon is one of three extant species of wigeon in the Anas genus of dabbling ducks. This bird is indigenous to the southern part of South America including the Chiloé Archipelago.In its native range it is called the pato overo (piebald duck) or pato real (royal duck) although the latter name also refers to the Muscovy in the wild.Its specific epithet sibilatrix means 'whistler' referring to the bird's call.
 Fusinus ansatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Shuaphaenops parvicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Shuaphaenops.
 Microscalabotes is a monotypic genus of Madagascar gecko better known as the Tiny-scaled Gecko.
 The Northern brushtail possum (Trichosurus arnhemensis) is a nocturnal marsupial inhabiting northern Australia. It is closely related to the Short-eared possum Mountain brushtail possum Coppery brushtail possum and the Common brushtail possum the other four species of its genus.
 Aplysia fasciata common name the mottled sea hare or the sooty sea hare is a species of sea hare or sea slug a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae.
 Lerema is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.Species: Lerema accius (Smith 1797) Lerema ancillaris Lerema caraca Lerema duroca Lerema lineosa Lerema liris (Evans 1955) Lerema lumina Lerema veadeira Lerema viridis
 Melitoxestis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Labdia promacha is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Taiwan and Australia.
 Carceliella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Eupithecia casta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Chromodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cerithiopsilla antarctica is a species of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Smith in 1907.
 Mendozahippus is an extinct genus of notohippid notoungulate which existed in Mendoza Argentina during the late Oligocene. Fossils are known from the site of Quebrada Fiera of the Agua de la Piedra Formation and includes a complete skull and two associated metatarsals two maxillary fragments and five isolated upper teeth. It was first named by Esperanza Cerdeño and Bárbara Vera in 2010 and the type species is Mendozahippus fierensis.
 Amalda depressa common name the depressed ancilla is a species of a small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae the olive snails or olive shells.
 Prunum carneum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Destructive Prune Worm or Tricolored Acrobasis Moth (Acrobasis tricolorella) is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Grote in 1878 and is known from southern Canada and northern United States.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The ground color of the forewing is grey dusted with white scales with a bi-colored brown and white basal crossband a small elongate discal spot and a blackish and white apical zigzag band.
 Precious coral or red coral is the common name given to Corallium rubrum and several related species of marine coral. The distinguishing characteristic of precious corals is their durable and intensely colored red or pink skeleton which is used for making jewelry.
 Platyptilia peyrierasi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Catalebeda elegans is a moth species in the genus Catalebeda found in Angola and Cameroon.
 Bikala (12 March 1978 – 25 December 1994) was an Irish-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. Having been bought very cheaply as a yearling he developed into a top-class middle-distance performer and was rated among the best horses in Europe at three and four years of age. He won the Prix du Jockey Club in 1981 and Prix Ganay in 1982 as well as finishing second in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud.
 The Beccari's Shrew (Crocidura beccarii) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Croaking Ground Dove (Columbina cruziana) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Chile Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Erythromma is a genus of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It contains the following species:Erythromma humerale Selys 1887Erythromma lindenii (Selys 1840) - Blue-EyeErythromma najas (Hansemann 1823) - Large RedeyeErythromma viridulum Charpentier 1840 - Small Redeye
 Stigmella watti is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 3.5 mm. Adults have been recorded in February. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Olearia colensoi νar. grandis and possibly Olearia oporina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is a narrow linear gallery in the upper surface of the leaf.
 Afrixalus wittei is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family. Its common name is De Witte's spiny reed frog. It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens ponds and canals and ditches.
 Protomelas dejunctus the Fire Blue Hap is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from around Chinyankwazi Island and Chinyamwezi Island in the southern portion of the lake. It is known from depths of from 2 to 10 metres (6.6 to 32.8 ft). This species can reach a length of 13.8 centimetres (5.4 in) SL.
 Leptotes terrenus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Island of Sao Tome.
 The Sociable Weaver (Philetairus socius) also commonly known as the common social weaver common social-weaver and social weaver is a species of bird in the Passeridae family endemic to Southern Africa. It is monotypic within the genus Philetairus. It is found in South Africa Namibia and Botswana. but their range is centered within the Northern Cape Province of South Africa . They build large compound community nests a rarity among birds.
 Priocharax is a genus of characins from northern South America with two currently described species: Priocharax ariel S. H. Weitzman & Vari 1987 Priocharax pygmaeus S. H. Weitzman & Vari 1987
 Ganoessus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 Bandera virginella is a species of snout moths in the genus Bandera. It was described by Dyar in 1908 and is found from southern Alberta and Washington south through Colorado to California and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The fore- and hindwings are yellowish white above. The forewings are sprinkled with brown scales.
 Cochylimorpha triangulifera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East (Ussuri).
 Acrapex roseotincta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ceylon.The wingspan is about 22 mm.
 The big-eared roundleaf bat (Hipposideros macrobullatus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Phytometra zotica is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Centralian tree frog (Litoria gilleni) is a large species of tree frog native to a small area in central Australia. It is closely related to the Australian green tree frog (L. caerulea) and closely resembles it in appearance.
 Dexia is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae. Most larvae are parasitoids of beetles (Scarabaeidae).
 Pasteurized (foaled 1935 in Virginia) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1938 Belmont Stakes.
 Sporrongia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Upland Pipit (Anthus sylvanus) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Afghanistan China Hong Kong India Nepal and Pakistan.
 Acalyptris lotella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in California.The larvae mine the stems of Lotus scoparius species.
 The Lesser Whitethroat (Sylvia curruca) is a common and widespread typical warbler which breeds in temperate Europe except the southwest and in western and central Asia. This small passerine bird is strongly migratory wintering in Africa just south of the Sahara Arabia and India.Unlike many typical warblers the sexes are almost identical. This is a small species with a grey back whitish underparts a grey head with a darker bandit mask through the eyes and a white throat.
 Sychesia naias is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jordan in 1916. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Asaphocrita erae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Jordanita anatolica is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Nakhchivan southern Turkey Cyprus Syria Lebanon Israel Jordan Egypt and north-eastern Libya. In the east the range extends to Iraq and Iran.The length of the forewings is 8.8-10.5 mm for males and 7.9-9.2 mm for females.The larvae feed on Echinops spinosus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Lamoria pachylepidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Ragonot in 1901. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Parasyrphus vittiger is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 The Crimson Tip or Scarlet Tip (Colotis danae) is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in Asia and Africa.
 Axiologina ferrumeguinum is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Axiologina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Euleptes is a monotypic genus of gecko in the family Phyllodactylida commonly known as European Leaf-toed Gecko.
 Plectrurus aureus commonly known as the Kerala burrowing snake is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India.
 Lithacodia blandula is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in tropical and subtropical Africa south of the Sahara.The larvae feed on Terminalia ivorensis (Combretaceae Ivory Coast almond).
 Mimophilorhizus chilensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Mimophilorhizus.
 The Telemidae are a six-eyed spider family with 57 described species in seven genera see here for details
 Trithemis nuptialis is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Guinea Liberia Niger Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Wesolowskana is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Both described species are endemic to the Cape Verde Islands. The genus should possibly be included in the genus Pseudicius. It was renamed from its original name Luxuria which was already in use for a genus of molluscs.
 Chrysophyllis is a genus of the grass moth family (Crambidae). It is monotypic containing the single species C. lucivaga. This moth is very little-known having only been recorded once before 1935. It belongs to the large grass moth subfamily Spilomelinae; at the time of its description these were still included in subfamily Pyraustinae and the entire Crambidae was then merged with the snout moths (family Pyralidae).
 Scoparia parmifera is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1909. It is found in New Zealand.
 Atrocolus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Atrocolus guarani Monne & Monne 2011 Atrocolus mariahelenae Monne & Monne 2008↑
 Vipera berus the common European adder or common European viper is a venomous viper species that is extremely widespread and can be found throughout most of Western Europe and as far as East Asia. Known by a host of common names including common adder and common viper adders have been the subject of much folklore in Britain and other European countries. They are not regarded as especially dangerous; the snake is not aggressive and usually bites only when alarmed or disturbed.
 Ashworth’s Rustic (Xestia ashworthii) is a species of moth. Its colouring is blue/grey and it is mainly nocturnal.
 Nesovitrea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Oxychilidae the glass snails.
 Panisala is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Turbonilla conradi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Transtillaspis zonion is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Myrmecia chrysogaster (known as the Toothed Bullant) is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. They are distributed in Queensland and New South Wales.The body length of the Myrmecia chrysogaster is around 15 millimetres. Their head is black the mandibles and anterior coxae is a brown colour. The legs are of a red colour and the abdomen is golden yellow.
 Tutufa (Tutufella) nigrita common name the blackened frog shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Hyposmocoma triptila is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Koolau Mountains.
 Platycnemis agrioides is a species of damselfly in family Platycnemididae. It is endemic to Mayotte. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Myrmecia aberrans is an Australian bull ant of the Myrmecia genus. It is mostly spotted in South Australia and the states surroundings.The species of the bull ant was first described in 1900. The average length is around 12 millimetres. The species of this bull ant all tend to be in very dark colours but is quite distinct in comparison to other darker Myrmecia species.
 Metisella carsoni is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Tanzania (Fwambo and Kungwe) and north-eastern Zambia.
 The longcomb sawfish or green sawfish Pristis zijsron is a sawfish of the family Pristidae found in tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific oceans from the Red Sea and east Africa to Papua New Guinea north to southern China and south to New South Wales Australia between latitudes 21° N and 37° S. This critically endangered species can reach a length of up to 7.3 metres (24 ft).
 Gastrotheca dunni is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and irrigated land.
 Eumerus is a genus of hoverflies in the tribe Eumerini. They possess a distinctive round abdomen and yellow hairs around the scutellum. Others have a dark scutellum and yellow antennae. They have a flat hairy face and a re-entrant upper cross-vein on the wings. Some species are pests of ornamental flowers. The genus contains 281 known species.
 Drymaplaneta semivitta is a species of cockroach native to Australia and introduced to New Zealand. In New Zealand it is known as the Gisborne cockroach after the town of Gisborne where it was first discovered in the country.
 Eccopsis wahlbergiana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found throughout of subtropcal Africa from Sénégal to South Africa including the islands of Comoros Cape Verde and Madagascar.Known hostplants of the larvae are Euphorbiaceae (Ricinus sp. and Ricinus communis).
 Mylothra is a genus of moths in the Symmocidae family.
 Bembecia syzcjovi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Turkey Georgia and Iran.Adults are on wing in late August and September.The larvae feed on the roots of Astragalus species including Astragalus ponticus.
 Amselina is a genus of moths in the Symmocidae family.
 Phenacolepas crenulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae.
 Leukoma staminea common name the Pacific littleneck clam is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae. This species of mollusc was exploited by early humans in North America; for example the Chumash peoples of Central California harvested these clams in Morro Bay approximately 1000 years ago.
 Schizothorax is a genus of cyprinid fish from Central and East Asia. Their scientific name means cleft-breast from Ancient Greek schízeïn (σχίζειν) to cleave + thórax (θώραξ) breast-plate (see also thorax). The western species are typically referred to as marinkas from their Russian name marinka (маринка; plural: маринки marinki) while the eastern species are usually called snowtrouts.
 Triplophysa aquaecaeruleae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Sheep (Ovis aries) are quadrupedal ruminant mammals typically kept as livestock. Like all ruminants sheep are members of the order Artiodactyla the even-toed ungulates. Although the name sheep applies to many species in the genus Ovis in everyday usage it almost always refers to Ovis aries. Numbering a little over one billion domestic sheep are also the most numerous species of sheep.
 The Argentine Horned Frog (Ceratophrys ornata) also known as the Argentine wide-mouthed Frog or Pacman frog is the most common species of Horned Frog from the grasslands of Argentina Uruguay and Brazil. A voracious eater it will attempt to swallow anything that moves close to its wide mouth such as insects and rodents lizards and other frogs even if this predator would suffocate in the process.
 The Crossline Skipper (Polites origenes) is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the eastern United States excepting Florida southern Ontario and Quebec.The wingspan is 23–30 mm.There is one generation in Canada from late June into mid-August with two in the U.S.The larvae feed on grasses including Redtop Grass (Tridens flavus) and Little Bluestem (Andropogon scoparius). Adults feed on flower nectar.
 Tritonia fasciculata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Phrictia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xolmis is a genus of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It contains the following species: Fire-eyed Diucon (Xolmis pyrope) Grey Monjita (Xolmis cinereus) Black-crowned Monjita (Xolmis coronatus) White-rumped Monjita (Xolmis velatus) White Monjita (Xolmis irupero) Black-and-white Monjita (Xolmis dominicanus) Rusty-backed Monjita (Xolmis rubetra) Salinas Monjita (Xolmis salinarum)
 Coleophora limosipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees Italy and the Balkan Peninsula and from Great Britain to the Baltic States and Romania. It is an introduced species in North America.The moth flies from June to July depending on the location. Its wingspan is 10–13 mm (0.39–0.51 in).Coleophora limosipennella larvae feed on Ulmus and supposedly also on Alnus and Betula.
 Cochylis tephrodrypta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sonora).
 Eupholus is a genus of beetle in the family Curculionidae. The genus includes some of the most colourful of the weevils. The colour may serve as a warning to predators that they are distasteful. Most species feed upon yam leaves some of which are toxic to other animals. The species occur in New Guinea and adjacent islands. This genus was described by French entomologist Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Dechauffour de Boisduval in 1835.
 Common names: Pontic adder.Vipera pontica is a venomous viper species endemic to Turkey and Georgia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Trypeta mixta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Carposina pinarodes is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia.
 Copadichromis borleyi is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa. The species is popular in the fishkeeping hobby where it is frequently kept in aquariums. The species has numerous common names including redfin hap and goldfin hap.
 The Cambodian Tailorbird (Orthotomus chaktomuk) is a species of bird that was discovered in Phnom Penh the capital of Cambodia in 2009 during avian influenza checks. In 2013 it was determined to be a unique species and formally described. It is a small bird with an orange-red tuft on its head about the size of a Eurasian Wren which is approximately 1/21th or 0.048 the size of the world's largest living bird.
 Ulidia facialis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Tmetolophota phaula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1887. It is found in New Zealand.
 Zygolophodon is an extinct genus of African Asian North American and European mastodon that lived during the Miocene and Pliocene epochs. It may have evolved from Tetralophodon. While collecting fossils in the Clarno Formation of Oregon during 1941 noted paleobotanists Alonzo W. Hancock and Chester A. Arnold recovered the most complete Zygolophodon skull known at the time.
 Tetanops luridipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Tetanops of the family Ulidiidae.
 Anthropodyptes is a poorly known monotypic genus of extinct penguin. It contains the single species Anthropodyptes gilli known from a Middle Miocene humerus from Australia. The bone is somewhat similar to those found in members of the New Zealand genus Archaeospheniscus and thus this genus might like them belong to the subfamily Palaeeudyptinae.
 Diacalymene is a genus of trilobite from the order Phacopida suborder Calymenina. It includes the species D. ouzregui D. clavicula D. diademata and D. gabrielsi. It lived in the Ordovician and Silurian periods.
 Bucculatrix cantabricella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Chrétien in 1898. It is found in the western and central Mediterranean region east to Slovakia and the Republic of Macedonia.The wingspan is 7–8 mm.The larvae feed on Convolvulus cantabrica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.The mine has the form of a narrow corridor followed by an irregular blotch. Pupation takes place outside of the mine in a whitish spindle-shaped cocoon.
 Halieutopsis is a fish genus in the family Ogcocephalidae.
 Mrs Gould's Sunbird (Aethopyga gouldiae) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China Hong Kong India Laos Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The English ornithologist and artist John Gould named the bird after his wife.
 Peristernia gemmata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Pygobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Scopula plantagenaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from California to Utah east to Florida and Missouri.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Mantidactylus timidus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.
 Gracillariidae is an important family of insects in the order Lepidoptera and the principal family of leaf miners that includes several economic horticultural or recently invasive pest species such as the horse-chestnut leaf miner Cameraria ohridella.
 Blastobasis gracilis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in Grenada.
 Octopodidae is the family containing the majority of known octopus species.
 Celioinkosa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Celioinkosa basilewskyi Straneo 1956 Celioinkosa kivuana (Burgeon 1935) Celioinkosa mirei Straneo 1995↑
 Bulbine is a genus of plants in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae and subfamily Asphodeloideae named for the bulb-shaped tuber of many species. It was formerly placed in the Liliaceae. It is found chiefly in Southern Africa with a few species extending into tropical Africa and a few in Australia.Bulbine is a genus of succulent plants with flowers borne in lax or compound racemes. The flowers are usually yellow with bearded stamens; some species have white orange or pink flowers.
 Graciliini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Araeotis Aruama Caribbomerus Elaphopsis Gracilia Hypexilis Lianema Parommidion Penichroa Perigracilia↑
 Archispirostreptus gigas the giant African millipede is one of the largest millipedes growing up to 38.5 centimetres (15.2 in) in length 67 millimetres (2.6 in) in circumference. It has approximately 256 legs although the number of legs changes with each molting so it can vary according to each individual.It is a widespread species in lowland parts of East Africa from Mozambique to Kenya but rarely reaches altitudes above 1000 metres (3300 ft).
 Brusqeulia tineimorpha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Distrito Federal).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish cream but the reticulation and some larger strigulae are brownish. The hindwings are grey but whiter basally.
 Eupithecia rufescens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 The barndoor skate Dipturus laevis is a species of marine cartilaginous fish in the skate family (family Rajidae) of the order Rajiformes. It is native to the northwestern Atlantic Ocean and is found from the Grand Banks of Newfoundland and the southern side of the Gulf of St. Lawrence south to North Carolina. The fish is one of the largest skates found in the North Atlantic Ocean reaching lengths of up to 1.5 meters (5 ft).
 Hypolycaena shirozui is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described as Chliaria shirozui and moved to Hypolycaena by H. Hayashi 1984. It is found on Mindanao Leyte & Samar Is.in the Philippines.
 Ordtrachia septentrionalis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The Kei myotis (Myotis stalkeri) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Indonesia. It is endangered.
 Cinguloterebra russetae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Recilia antea is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Congo.
 Wainuia is a genus of air-breathing predatory land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Rhytididae.
 Paracomitas is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Ancharius fuscus is a species of catfish in the Anchariidae family. It is commonly referred to as the vaona but this name also refers to Gogo brevibarbis. It is endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the eastern draining rivers. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss. A. fuscus grows to about 30.0 centimetres (11.8 in) TL.
 Caragobius is a genus of gobies native to Asia and the western Pacific Ocean.
 The orangespotted trevally Carangoides bajad (also known as the gold-spotted trevally) is a species of inshore marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is fairly common in tropical to subtropical waters of the Indo-Pacific ranging from Madagascar in the west to Japan in the east typically inhabiting inshore reefs.
 Echinolittorina arabica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Euagra fenestra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 Labropsis is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Prays alpha is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Japan (including Hokkaido) and has also been recorded from China.The wingspan is 11–16 mm.
 The white-barred wrasse Pseudocheilinus ocellatus is a species of wrasse native to the central western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits coral reefs at depths from 20 to 58 m (66 to 190 ft). This species can grow to 10.3 cm (4.1 in) in standard length. It can also be found under the trade name mystery wrasse in the aquarium trade.
 Lyropupa anceyana is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pupillidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Pelegrina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). They are found throughout North America. Most of the species in Pelegrina were previously placed in the genus Metaphidippus.
 Diploschizia regia is a species of sedge moths in the genus Diploschizia. It was described by Heppner in 1981. It is found in Florida.The length of the forewings is 2.8 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is silvery grey with buff on the apical one third and becoming red brown on the apical center except for the fuscous borders to all markings. The hindwings are shining fuscous. Adults have been recorded in January.
 Pusillina harpa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Grey-streaked Flycatcher or Grey-spotted Flycatcher (Muscicapa griseisticta) is a small passerine bird of eastern Asia belonging to the genus Muscicapa in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.It is a slender long-winged bird with a length of 13 to 15 cm. It is mainly grey-brown above and white below. The breast and flanks are heavily streaked with grey. There is a narrow white bar on the wing and a pale patch between the bill and eye. The bill and feet are black.
 Odontocymbiola simulatrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Linthia is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived from the Late Cretaceous to the Eocene. Its remains have been found in Africa Asia Europe North America and South America.
 Bursina gnorima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Ancylolomia tentaculella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe Anatolia and the Middle East.The wingspan is 30–34 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on larger grasses.
 Arrade is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anarsia gajiensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Park and Ponomarenko in 1996. It is found in Korea.
 Horsfield's tarsier (Cephalopachus bancanus) also known as the western tarsier is a species of tarsier. It occurs on Borneo Sumatra and nearby islands. It is the only member of the genus Cephalopachus.
 Ophichthus exourus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 1999.
 The Shenandoah Salamander (Plethodon shenandoah) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is endemic to the United States and the state of Virginia. It is only known from North facing talus slopes on three mountain tops inside the Shenandoah National Park. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rocky areas.
 The California newt or orange-bellied newt with scientific name Taricha torosa is a newt found mainly in California Western North America.Its adult length can range from 5 to 8 in (13 to 20 cm). Its skin produces a potent toxin.
 Coeluridae is a historically polyphyletic (unnaturally grouped) family of generally small carnivorous dinosaurs from the late Jurassic Period. For many years any small Jurassic or Cretaceous theropod that did not belong to one of the more specialized families recognized at the time was classified with the coelurids creating a confusing array of 'coelurid' theropods that were not closely related.
 Tetraodon pustulatus the Redline pufferfish is a species of pufferfish native to the Cross River in Nigeria. This species grows to a length of 36 centimetres (14 in) TL.
 Salpis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Merrifieldia innae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Lesotho.
 Sphecosoma abnormis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in the lower Amazon region.
 Brookesia exarmata also known as the dwarf chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It was first described by Schimmenti and Jesu in 1996 and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has classed it as an endangered species of animal.
 The Quebrada Valverde Salamander (Bolitoglossa diminuta) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Costa Rica.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Homaloderodes germaini is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Homaloderodes.
 The Hooded Berryeater (Carpornis cucullata) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Garra ornata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Brachmia procursella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Austria Switzerland Italy Hungary Romania and Russia.
 Predicrostonyx is a genus of extinct rodent in the family Cricetidae.It contains only the species Hopkins's Lemming Predicrostonyx hopkinsi which is considered one of the earliest examples of collared lemmings.
 Aberoptus championus is a species of mite belonging to the family Eriophyidae. It is only known from females collected from underneath the leaves of Bauhinia championii in central Taiwan.This is a virtually microscopic animal with a length of only 120 μm. It is flattened and fusiform in shape. It can be distinguished from its closest congener Aberoptus platessoides by the lack of setae on the tibiae of the first pair of legs.
 The White-throated Whistler (Pachycephala vitiensis) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family which is endemic to Fiji (Kadavu Gau and the southern Lau Islands) and the Solomons (northern and central Santa Cruz Islands). It is variably considered a subspecies of a widespread P. pectoralis or treated as a separate species but strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited and further study is warranted to resolve the complex taxonomic situation. Furthermore P.
 Barilius bendelisis is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in Pakistan India Nepal Bangladesh Sri Lanka Bhutan and Myanmar.
 Eleutherodactylus aporostegus (commonly known as the Tiburon Burrowing Frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Haiti and is not currently held in captivity.
 The New Caledonian Cuckooshrike (Coracina analis) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to New Caledonia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Taylor's catfish (Arius taylori) is a species of fish in the Ariidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Makiyamaia cornulabrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Powelliphanta lignaria known as one of the amber snails is a species of large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae. The eggs of P. lignaria are oval and seldom constant in dimensions 10 × 8.25 9 × 7.75 9 × 8 8.75 × 7.75 mm.P. lignaria is endemic to the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
 The Dugite /ˈdjuːɡaɪt/ (Pseudonaja affinis) is a venomous potentially lethal snake of the family Elapidae native to Western Australia.
 Nebulosa aliena is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in the eastern Andes of Bolivia and Peru.
 Aulohalaelurus is a genus of catshark in the family Scyliorhinidae.
 The Brown-banded Antpitta (Grallaria milleri) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Barsine flavodiscalis is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia. It is found in montane forests between 1050 and 1930 meters.
 Aboma etheostoma the Scaly boy is a species of goby native to the Pacific coast of Central America from Mexico to Panama. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Western Corella (Cacatua pastinator) formerly known as the Western Long-billed Corella is a species of white cockatoo endemic to south-western Western Australia.
 Zenodochium is a genus of moth in the Blastobasidae family.
 Lestes macrostigma is a damselfly of the family Lestidae. Its common name is the Dark Emerald Damselfly or Dark Spreadwing and it has the typical appearance of a Lestes damselfly; it has a metallic green body and at rest it holds its wings away from its body. It is usually found in brackish waters.
 Elvia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ceratoclasis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Little Nightjar (Caprimulgus parvulus) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is found in woodland and other semi-open habitats in eastern central and southern Brazil eastern Peru eastern and northern Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northern Argentina. It is fairly common in most of its range. Currently considered monotypic it has often included the Todd's Nightjar (C. heterurus) of northern South America as a subspecies.
 Coleophora libanella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Fur seal is a common name that does not correspond to a single taxonomic unit. For a more comprehensive discussion of all eared seals including the sea lions see Otariid.Fur seals are any of nine species of pinnipeds in the Otariidae family. One species the northern fur seal (Callorhinus ursinus) inhabits the North Pacific while seven species in the Arctocephalus genus are found primarily in the Southern Hemisphere.
 Chauvetia turritellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The smallmouth scad Alepes apercna (also known as the banded scad and roundfin trevally) is a species of tropical marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is endemic to northern Australia inhabiting primarily inshore waters. It is similar to other scads in the genus Alepes and is distinguished by a well-developed posterior adipose eyelid as well as fin membrane spotting and gill raker counts. It is not a large species with the maximum length reported to be 29.5 cm.
 Kettledrum (1858–1885) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from August 1860 to September 1861 he ran eight times and won four races. As a three-year-old in 1861 he won the Epsom Derby and the Doncaster Cup and finished second in the 2000 Guineas and the St Leger. At the end of the season he was retired to stud where he had limited success and was later exported to Austria-Hungary.
 Parawaous megacephalus is a species of fish in the goby family Gobiidae and the only member of the monotypic genus Parawaous. It is endemic to Borneo where it occurs in freshwater habitat. It grows to a length of 7.4 centimetres (2.9 in) SL.
 Turbonilla urdeneta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Vegetarian Finch (Platyspiza crassirostris) is a species of bird in the Darwin's finch group of the tanager family Thraupidae. It is monotypic within the genus Platyspiza. It is endemic to the Galápagos Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Scopula ambigua is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Hydroides is a genus of tube-forming serpulid worm found on submerged saltwater rocks shells and boats in many coastal areas around the world.
 Clavatula gracilior is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Epidesma crameri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Travassos in 1938. It is found in Brazil.
 Ornithonyssus is a mite genus of the family Macronyssidae.
 Lepetodrilus gordensis is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Spathodus marlieri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the northern portion of the lake. This species prefers areas with rocky substrates in very shallow waters to a depth of about 2 metres (6.6 ft). This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Chlorurus is a genus of parrotfish.
 Sparganothoides laderana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico where it has been recorded from Popocatépetl and Iguala in Guerrero.The length of the forewings is 11.2–11.9 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish grey with brown orange and white scales. The hindwings are greyish white.
 Pintara is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Acalyptris galinae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1984. It is known from Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan as well as Mongolia and the United Arab Emirates.Its habitat consists of deserts.The wingspan 4.4–5.5 mm. Adults are on wing from April to June.
 Leptestheriidae is a family of crustaceans in the order Spinicaudata. They are distinguished from the family Cyzicidae by the presence of a rostral spine. Members of Leptestheriidae are believed to graze on detritus.The family contains five extant genera: Eoleptestheria Leptestheria Leptestheriella Maghrebestheria Sewellestheria↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 ↑
 Atlantic (1871–1891) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from July 1873 to September 1874 he ran twelve times and won six races. After a promising but unremarkable two-year-old season in 1873 he improved to become one of the best British colts of his generation winning the 2000 Guineas and finishing third in the Epsom Derby. His success was achieved despite his racing career being adversely affected by his tendency to break blood vessels in his races.
 Hemiristina is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Bailey's pocket mouse (Chaetodipus baileyi) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is found in Mexico and in California Arizona and New Mexico in the United States.The Bailey's Pocket Mouse is the only known animal to be able to digest the wax found inside the jojoba nut.
 Palusita ochrans is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 Chloroclystis impudicis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Campbell Island.
 Allosauroidea is a superfamily or clade of theropod dinosaurs which contains four families — the Metriacanthosauridae Allosauridae Carcharodontosauridae and Neovenatoridae. The oldest-known allosauroid Shidaisaurus jinae appeared in the early Middle Jurassic (probably Bajocian stage) of China.
 Haplochromis taurinus is a species of cichlid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it occurs in Lake George Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel. This species reaches a length of 14 centimetres (5.5 in) SL.
 Nebria peristerica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae family that can be found in Greece and Republic of Macedonia.
 Macrocneme thyra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1883. It is found in Surinam Peru Brazil (Para) Trinidad Colombia and Bolivia.
 Helcogramma inclinata known commonly as the Triangle triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Fowler in 1946.
 The Maryland darter (Etheostoma sellare) is freshwater fish species that has been found only in Deer Creek Maryland. It is now a thought to be extinct. It was long known only by two specimens until it was rediscovered in 1962. From 1965 to the 1980s it was only confined to a single riffle in Deer Creek. The species may have fallen victim to habitat destruction. It was last observed in 1988.
 Caenopedina porphyrogigas is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Caenopedina porphyrogigas was first scientifically described in 2009 by Anderson.
 Bruni (1972 – after 1982) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career which lasted from 1974 until September 1977 he ran twenty-one times and won five races. He recorded his most important victory when winning the Classic St. Leger Stakes by ten lengths one of the biggest margins in the race's 200-year history.
 Trochosa robusta is a cellar spider species with Palearctic distribution. It is common in Germany and Poland. It remained unobserved despite its considerable size in Denmark until recently where it was sighted on the island of Bornholm.
 Monoctenia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Dalla dognini is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Homolophus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 The Brown Mantella (Mantella betsileo) is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Halone interspersa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by T.P. Lucas in 1890. It is found in Australia.
 Maradana is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Moore in 1884.
 Araeomolis albipicta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1909 originally under the genus Aphyle. It is found in French Guyana Amazonas and Colombia.
 Ortalotrypeta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Heliothinae is a small subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae. There are about 400 species described worldwide. They are found predominantly in semiarid subtropical habitats.
 The Guacamayo Plump Toad or Sapo De Guacamayo (Osornophryne guacamayo) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phostria obscurata is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Taiwan India Sri Lanka Singapore and Burma.Adults are purplish-brown. The forewings have an extremely indistinct blackish transverse outwardly-curved narrow antemedial band and an irregular postmedial band. There is a spot in the middle of the cell and a streak at the end. The hindwings have a similar irregular discal band.
 Teulisna pallidicauda is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo.The length of the forewings is 13-14 mm.
 Macropycnodon is an extinct genus of bony fish which existed in New Mexico USA during the upper Cretaceous period.
 Heterops is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Heterops bicolor Fisher 1936 Heterops bipartitus Lacordaire 1869 Heterops cubaecola Fisher 1947 Heterops dimidiatus (Chevrolat 1838) Heterops duvali Fisher 1947 Heterops hispaniolae Fisher 1932 Heterops lanieri (Chevrolat 1838) Heterops loreyi (Duponchel 1837) Heterops robusta Cazier & Lacey 1952↑
 The yellow-cheeked gibbon (Nomascus gabriellae) also called the golden-cheeked gibbon yellow-cheeked crested gibbon the golden-cheeked crested gibbon or the buffed-cheeked gibbon is a species of gibbon native to Vietnam Laos and Cambodia.The yellow-cheeked gibbon is born blond and later turns black and males carry this colouring through their lifespan and have the distinguishing golden cheeks; females are born blonde to blend into their mother's fur but they later turn black and turn back to blond at sexual maturity and only have a black cap on the top of their heads.This diurnal and arboreal gibbon lives in primary tropical rainforest foraging for fruits using brachiation to move through the trees.The yellow-cheeked gibbon like all gibbon species has a unique song which is usually initiated by the male.[citation needed] The female will then join in and sing with the male to reinforce their bond and announce to other gibbons that they are a pair in a specific territory. 
 Cryptocentrus leptocephalus the Pink-speckled shrimpgoby is a species of goby native to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs on silty substrates in coastal reefs lagoons mangrove swamps and tide pools. It grows to a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) SL.
 Eupithecia huachuca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Arizona (including the Huachuca Mountains and Chiricahua Mountains) and Texas.
 Conus ziczac is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Eupithecia deverrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from Morocco to Lebanon.The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The forewings are pale yellowish grey with brownish crosslines. The hindwings are of the same colour mottled and irrorated with dark brown scales.
 Thelyphonida is an arachnid order comprising invertebrates commonly known as vinegaroons (also spelled vinegarroons and vinegarones). They are often called uropygids in the scientific community after the former order Uropygi (which originally also included the order Schizomida). They are also known as whip scorpions because of their resemblance to true scorpions and because of their whiplike tail.
 Torodora parthenopis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 13-17 mm. The forewings are yellowish orange-brown with five distinct spots along the termen.
 Arnioceras is an extinct genus of large evolute discoidal ammonite from the Lower Jurassic. The shell is normally coiled so that all whorls are exposed. Sides bear strong sharp ribs that are straight until reaching the ventrolateral edge where they swing forward and fade. The rim (venter) is keeled and free of grooves. Arnioceras named by Alpheus Hyatt is included in the arietitid family of the Psilocerataceae an ammonitid supefamily.
 Plicisyrinx decapitata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Yponomeuta meridionalis is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Tajikistan and is also recorded from the Levant.Larvae have been recorded on Crataegus korolkowii Crataegus songarica and Crataegus turkestanica.
 Henricus ateleutus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Durango).
 Lophalia cavei is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Hovore in 2010.
 Melanostoma is a large genus of hoverflies. Little is known of their biology but they are suspected to be general predators of small insects in leaf litter.
 Apopyllus is a spider genus in the family Gnaphosidae.
 Platnickina tincta is a tangle web spider species with Holarctic distribution. It is notably found in Lithuania.It is the type species in the genus Platnickina. The type locality is Paris France.
 Levaillant's Cisticola or Tinkling Cisticola Cisticola tinniens is a small passerine bird).
 Physella gyrina common name the tadpole physa is a species of small left-handed or sinistral air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.
 Ablepharon was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Simyra.
 Aethes mesomelana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Heilongjiang Hubei Liaoning Shanghai) and Russia (Amur).
 Atopophysa opulens is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 25-32 mm.
 Diarsia subtincta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Capila zennara commonly known as the Pale Striped Dawnfly is a species of hesperid butterfly found in tropical Asia.
 Plocaederus barauna is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Platyptilia ussuriensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia (the Amur region).
 Albertoceras is an Early Ordovican ellesmoeroceratid genus with a small slender orthoconic to slightly endogastric shell; some even tiny. The cross section is strongly compressed so as to make the height proportionally notably greater than the width. The sutures marking the edges of the septa have broad shallow lateral lobes.
 Macrorrhinia parvulella is a species of snout moths in the genus Macrorrhinia. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913 and is known from Florida and South Carolina in the U.S.A. It is also found in Colombia.The wingspan is 9-12 mm. There are dark markings on the forewings as well as a rather broad whitish band along the costa. The hindwings are pale to dark smoky fuscous.The larvae feed on Achyranthus ramosissima.
 Zaraiskites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopod that lived during the Volgan stage of the Middle Jurassic in what is now the Russian Platform. Zaraiskites has a ribbed evolute shell without tubercles. Inner whorls are with normal bifurcate or triplicate ribbing; outer whorl is with virgatotome ribbing with as many as seven secondary ribs taking off successively in front of each primary rib. Related genera in the Virgatitinae include Acuticostites and Virgatites
 The Burmese Bush Lark (Mirafra microptera) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.
 Apinoglossa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Opharus insulsa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1902. It is found in Ecuador.
 Palaemnema melanota is a species of damselfly in family Platystictidae. It is endemic to Costa Rica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Pacific Koel (Eudynamys orientalis) also known as the Eastern Koel is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. In Australia it is colloquially known as the Rainbird or Stormbird as its call is usually more prevalent before or during stormy weather.
 The Peters's Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus crypturus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Namibia Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is in riverine or evergreen forest or moist woodland where there are fruit-bearing trees.
 The Unbarred Spodoptera Moth or Gray-streaked Armywom Moth (Spodoptera albula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the southern United States south to South America.The wingspan is 33-35 mm. The forewings are brownish-grey with dark streaks along the veins. There is a thin black basal dash and a reniform spot in the form of a small dark dot. The hindwings are white with pale grey shading and a dotted black terminal line.
 Parrhesia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The pond loach dojo loach (ドジョウ dojō) or oriental/Japanese weather loach (Misgurnus anguillicaudatus) is a freshwater fish in the loach family Cobitidae. They are native to East Asia but are also popular as an aquarium fish and introduced elsewhere in Asia and to Europe and North America. The alternate name weather loach is shared with several other Cobitidae including the other members of the genus Misgurnus and the spotted weather loach (Cobitis taenia commonly known as spined loach).
 Pseudohemihyalea ludwigi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Beutelspacher in 1984. It is found in Mexico.
 Anolcites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Middle Triassic belonging to the ceratitid family Trachyceratidae. Specifically Anolcites is a middle Triassic trachyceriatid with no distinct ventral furrow and ribs that cross the venter. The shell is basically evolute and highly ornamented with close spaced flexious or sigmoidal ribbing. The whorl section is compressed with straight sides and strongly arched venter.
 Risoba sticticata is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Evalea liricincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Lachesillidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha. Members of the family are characterised by a rounded free areola postica in their wings. Males have diverse sclerotized genitalic structures. The family includes close to 300 species most of them in the genus Lachesilla.
 Light Shift (foaled 22 March 2004) is an American-bred British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the 2007 Epsom Oaks. In a racing career which lasted from June 2006 to October 2007 the filly ran nine times times and won four races. After winning once as a two-year-old Light Shift won the Cheshire Oaks on her second appearance as a three-year-old. She then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom beating the Irish filly Peeping Fawn.
 Perittia granadensis is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Spain.
 The Bay Pipefish (Syngnathus leptorhyncus) is a pipefish native to the eelgrass beds of the Eastern Pacific (Southern Baja California to Gulf of Alaska) where its sinuous shape and green color allow it to blend in with the waving blades of eelgrass. Like other members of the seahorse family male pipefish tend the eggs laid by their female partners in specialized pouches.
 The Ophiocistioidea is a class of extinct echinoderms from the Palaeozoic. Ophiocistioids had a flattened dome-shaped body encased in a solid test of calcareous plates similar to that of a modern sea urchin. The mouth was located at the apex of the dome and surrounded by a set of five jaws. The animals apparently did not possess an anus but a madreporite was present on the upper surface surrounded by what appear to be genital pores for the release of gametes.
 Gagrella is a large genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Bothriembryontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Orthalicoidea.
 Ashibusa subelliptica is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in China.
 Homalodotheriidae is an extinct family comprising four genera of notoungulate mammals known from the late Eocene through late Miocene of South America.
 Anomocala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Daphnella angulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Spotted Clover (Schinia scutosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Europe to southern Siberia the Near East and the Middle East and from central Asia to Japan. In North Africa it is found from Morocco to Egypt.The wingspan is 30–36 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
 Eurata parishi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found on Cuba.
 The angulate tortoise (Chersina angulata) bowsprit tortoise or rooipens is a species of tortoise found in dry areas and scrub forest in South Africa. This tortoise in the only known member of the genus Chersina.
 Scotura occidentalis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in southern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 13-14 mm for males and 14 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is gray-brown to slate gray to gray-brown slightly lighter at the base. The ground color of the hindwings is slate gray to dark gray with a blue iridescence.
 The Amani forest tree frog Leptopelis macrotis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Digger Crown (born on April 5 1997 in Visby Gotland Sweden) is a Swedish breeding stallion and former racing trotter by Lindy's Crown out of O'Chita by Linus T.His most prestigious victories include Campionato Europeo (2003) Gran Premio delle Nazioni (2004) and Gran Premio della Lotteria (2005) . At the end of his career the stallion had earned US$3060137. Digger Crown was trained by Swedish champion trainer Stig H. Johansson and competed at a high level for nine years 2000–2008.
 Glipa angustatissima is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1911.
 Elachista puplesisi is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Turkmenistan.The wingspan is 9 millimetres (0.35 in) for males. The forewings are white with a very weak yellowish tinge. The hindwings are whitish weakly mottled by brownish scales.
 Hypolycaena anara the Savanna Fairy Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea southern Burkina Faso northern Ivory Coast and north-eastern Nigeria. The habitat consists of dense savanna and dry forests in hilly country.
 Trupanea amoena is a species of tephritid or fruit fly in the genus Trupanea of the family Tephritidae.
 Baryssinus silviae is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Monné in 1974.
 Prioneris is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.
 The western tree hyrax (Dendrohyrax dorsalis) also called the western tree dassie or Beecroft's tree hyrax is a species of tree hyrax members of the family Procaviidae. They can be distinguished from other hyraxes by short course fur presence of white patch of fur beneath the chin lack of hair on the rostrum and lower crowns of the cheek teeth compared to other members of the same genus.
 Microlepidogaster is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Parasilvanus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Parasilvanus fairmairei Grouvelle Parasilvanus mimosae Halstead Parasilvanus oblitus Grouvelle Parasilvanus ocellatus Grouvelle Parasilvanus pulcher Grouvelle Parasilvanus tenuis Grouvelle↑
 Noumea norba is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Stigmella obliquella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe (except the Balkan Peninsula) east to eastern Asia eastern Russia and China.The wingspan is 4.6–6 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May and again in August.The larvae feed on Salix alba Salix babylonica Salix x chrysocoma Salix fragilis Salix pentandra Salix triandra and Salix viminalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a somewhat widening corridor.
 Dipchasphecia lanipes is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Bulgaria and Asia Minor.The larvae possibly feed on Plumbaginaceae and/or Caryophyllaceae species.
 Galeichthys peruvianus is a species of sea catfish that is found in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru. They reach a length of 35 cm. They are a component of commercial fisheries for human consumption. As with many species in this family the dorsal fin spines are venomous and any wounds inflicted by them warrant prompt treatment.
 Spilarctia contaminata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 Aenetus scotti is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on a wide range of trees and saplings including Dendrocnide excelsa Milletia megasperma Diploglottis australis Daphnandra micrantha Melicope micrococca Eucalyptus species and Lantana camara. They bore in the stem of their host plant.
 Dysgonia leucogramma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Mitra maesta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Barce is a genus of thread-legged bug in the subfamily Emesinae. About 10 species have been described.
 Thyrocopa kokeensis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The length of the forewings is 8-9 mm. Adults are on wing at least from July to October. The ground color of the forewings is mottled very light whitish-grey or whitish-brown and grey or brown. The discal area is clouded with several poorly defined blackish spots in the cell. There are rather dark evenly spaced spots on the distal half of the costa and along the termen at the vein ending.
 Thelosia postflavida is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1929.
 Polyspilota griffinii common name Griffin Mantis is a species of praying mantis native to Cameroon that grows to about 5 inches in length.
 Longidorus maximus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The pine woods tree frog (Hyla femoralis) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to the United States. Its natural habitats are temperate forests swamps intermittent freshwater lakes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Opisthosiphon is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 Siogamaia morioria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ancylosis versicolorella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Turkmenistan and Spain.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Aethalopteryx gyldenstolpei is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Congo.
 Paragomphus cognatus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Angola Ivory Coast Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Sierra Leone South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Parapielus reedi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Oectoperodes rufitinctalis is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Oectoperodes. It was described by Ragonot in 1892. It is found in Brazil.
 Pseudagrion kersteni Kersten's Sprite or the Powder-striped Sprite is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad the Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Ghana Guinea Kenya Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Callopistria duplicans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Japan Korea China and Taiwan.The wingspan is about 28 mm.
 Blakeoceras is a nautiloid cephalopod from the Oncocerida family Nothoceratidae with a curved shell that lived in shallow seas from the Silurian to the Middle Devonian in what has become Europe.The shell of Blakeoceras is a moderately expanded exogastric cyrtocone the ventral side the outer curvature.Template:? Chambers in the phragmocone are short and wide separated by straight close spaced septa. Body chamber short.
 Neopetrosia is a genus of marine petrosiid sponges. It was first established by the American spongiologist Max Walker de Laubenfels in 1932.
 Hyperolius zonatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea Sierra Leone and possibly Liberia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prytania is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Prytania straeleni which is found in Brazil.
 Acraea bergeri is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 The Hypoptopomatinae are a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae composed of 17 genera and approximately 80 species. This subfamily represents about one-tenth of all loricariid species.It has been divided into two tribes Hypoptopomatini and Otothyrini. However in a 2005 analysis Otothyrini was found to not be monophyletic with its representatives comprising a paraphyletic group in relation to the tribe Hypoptopomatini.
 Monocercops triangulata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Nepal.The wingspan is 7.6-8.7 mm.The larvae feed on Castanopsis species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Haedropleura is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Crassispirinae Turridae.
 The Owl (Caligo memnon) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is also known as the Pale or Giant Owl butterfly. The species can be found in the rainforests and secondary forests of Mexico down to the Amazon rainforest.The wingspan is usually from 115 to 130 mm but can reach 150 mm.The larvae feed on Musa and Heliconia species and can be a pest for banana cultivation. Adults feed on juices of rotting fruit.
 Klepteromimus ornatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Klepteromimus.
 Paracles nitida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Arachnospila anceps is one of the more common spider wasps of western Europe.
 Lathrobiina is a subtribe of rove beetle.
 Eleutherodactylus verrucipes (Spanish: Rana-chirrionera Orejona) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trivellona dolini is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Pterygia conus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Taurotragus is a genus of antelopes of the African savanna which are commonly known as Elands. It contains two species: the Common Eland and the Giant Eland. Elands are the largest African antelopes. Males range in size from 600 to 800 kg (1300 to 1800 lb) and may even reach a ton on rare occasions; females range from 400 to 600 kg (880 to 1320 lb).The meat of the eland contains more protein than cattle meat and less fat and eland milk has a very high calcium level.
 Megaherpystis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Mordellistena protogaoa is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Wickham in 1915.
 Pellasimnia angasi common name Angas's volva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Brachioteuthidae is a family of squid containing two genera and around six species.
 Cyme pyrrhauloides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Heromorphus howanus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Heromorphus.
 Ancylosis faustinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Zeller in 1867 from Palestine but is also found on Malta and in Russia as well as on the Canary Islands in Algeria Tunisia Libya Morocco Egypt Saudi Arabia Yemen Bahrain Turkey Afghanistan Syria Iran Israel Jordan Lebanon Mongolia Pakistan Niger and Sudan.Adults are small with narrow ochreous yellow forewings. It has a white costal streak and two white transverse lines.
 Pseudabispa is an Australian genus of potter wasps containing 4 species one of them (Pseudabispa bicolor) subdivided in 4 subspecies.
 Hemiliostraca auricincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Prosansanosmilus peregrinus belongs to the genus Prosansanosmilus in the extinct family Barbourofelidae. It died out in the Miocene epoch.
 Hyleurinus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae. It is currently considered a synonym of Hemilea.
 Toxoproctis is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Bonin White-eye (Apalopteron familiare) or meguro (メグロ) is a small yellow and grey bird endemic to the Ogasawara Islands (formerly Bonin Islands) of Japan. Until recently it was considered part of the Meliphagidae family of honeyeaters and was called the Bonin Honeyeater.A distinctive feature of the bird is the white rim around the eyes which is then surrounded by black masking.Presently its habitat is restricted to Haha-jima Island.
 Ocinara abbreviata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Dierl in 1978. It is found on the Philippines and Sulawesi.The wingspan is 17–28 mm. Adults are highly variable ranging in colour from straw yellow reddish-brown greyish-brown violet-grey to brown.
 Cacozelia pemphusalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacozelia. It was described by Druce in 1899. It is found in the southern part of the United States including Arizona.
 Odontarthria ochrivenella is a species of snout moths in the genus Odontarthria. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and is known from Brazil.
 The Chestnut-winged Cinclodes (Cinclodes albidiventris) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the Bar-winged Cinclodes.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and grassland.
 The Double-striped Thick-knee (Burhinus bistriatus) is a Stone-curlew a group of waders in the family Burhinidae.It is a resident breeder in Central and South America from southern Mexico south to Colombia Venezuela and northern Brazil. It also occurs on Hispaniola and some of the Venezuelan islands and is a very rare vagrant to Trinidad Curaçao and the USA.This is a largely nocturnal and crepuscular species of arid grassland savanna and other dry open habitats.
 Limnophila is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae. It hane about 220 species.
 The minor tetra (Hyphessobrycon minor) is a small fish from the Essequibo River in Guyana in South America closely resembling its relative the serpae tetra from the Amazon and Paraguay. In the wild these two very similar species are separated geographically so they would not interbreed.
 Sculptotheca puberula is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Proischnura is a genus of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It contains the following species: Proischnura polychromatica Proischnura rotundipennis Proischnura subfurcata
 Pseudorellia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Hehoa bunigera is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Esenbeckia is a genus of neotropical horse fly in the family Tabanidae. It contains the following species: Esenbeckia abata (Philip) Esenbeckia curtipalpis Philip Esenbeckia delta Hine Esenbeckia deltachi (Philip) Esenbeckia downsi Philip Esenbeckia flavohirta Bell Esenbeckia incisuralis (Say) Esenbeckia incisuralis tinkhami Philip Esenbeckia minor Krob. Esenbeckia osornoi Fairchild Esenbeckia pavida Williston Esenbeckia planiventris saussurei Bell Esenbeckia prasiniventris Macq.
 Andropolia extincta was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family but is now considered a synonym of Andropolia contacta. It was recorded from the northeastern parts of the United States including Michigan and New Hampshire.
 Lepetodrilidae is a family of small deep-sea sea snails hydrothermal vent limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
 Bazaria pempeliella is a species of snout moths in the genus Bazaria. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in Algeria Morocco Tunisia Egypt Afghanistan Jordan the Palestinian Territories Saudi Arabia Turkmenistan and the United Arab Emirates.
 Isochorista ranulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Paralepetopsis sasakii is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neolepetopsidae one of the families of true limpets.The specific name sasakii is in honor of Takenori Sasaki[citation needed] the malacologist from the University Museum the University of Tokyo.
 Euryxanthops flexidentatus is a species of crab.
 Vexillum kaicherae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Eupithecia remmi is a moth in the Geometridae family.
 Hassar is a genus of thorny catfishes native to South America.
 Myxodagnus opercularis the Dart stargazer is a species of sand stargazer native to the coastal waters of Baja California Sur Mexico where it can be found on sandy bottoms.
 Oxycanus stellans is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Victoria.The larvae possibly feed on Acacia species.
 Agdistis dentalis is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Trifurcula helladica is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece (Peloponnisos and Crete).The wingspan is 4-4.4 mm.
 Todiramphus is a genus of kingfishers in the family Alcedinidae. The name is often spelt Todirhamphus (with rh) but Todiramphus is the original valid spelling. The name literally means ‘tody-bill’; tody is a relative of the kingfishers with a similar slender long bill and the Greek rhamphos (ῥάµϕος) means ‘beak bill’.There are around 20–22 extant species in the genus but the classification of several Pacific island forms is still unclear.
 Chalcopasta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Mindanao Squirrel (Sundasciurus mindanensis) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Autochloris is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Antocha is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae. It was first described by Baron Carl Robert Osten-Sacken in 1860.
 Eupithecia persidis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran (Mazandaran). The habitat consists of mountainous steppe with feather grass.The wingspan is 16.5–19 mm. The forewings are pale grey with a soft yellowish tinge and blackish grey transverse lines. The hindwings are slightly paler pale grey with blackish grey transverse lines.
 Ectoedemia uisebi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Mey in 2004. It is known from Namibia.
 Amara castalia is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Diabantia perparva is a species of praying mantis in the genus Diabantia in the order Mantodea.
 Accoella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Accoella akirai Ueno 1990 Accoella thermalis Ueno 1995↑
 The Buff-breasted Babbler (Pellorneum tickelli) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Bangladesh Cambodia China India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Mangrove Vireo (Vireo pallens) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.
 Caecum cycloferum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Cerithiopsis movilla is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Dall and Bartsch in 1911.
 Lachnocnema reutlingeri Reutlinger’s Large Woolly Legs is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan and Uganda.
 Parachanna fayumensis is an extinct member of the snakehead fish (Channidae) family known from fossil records only. It is the oldest member of this family known from Africa. It differs from Parachanna insignis P. africana and P. obscura by presence of prominent raised tooth patch with well-developed tooth sockets on a ventral surface of parasphenoid posterior end.
 Conorhynchos conirostris is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes).The spelling of the generic name has been confused; it is currently valid as Conorhynchos as described by Pieter Bleeker in 1858. This catfish has unknown relationships. It does not appear to be assignable to any family and is placed incertae sedis.
 Cephetola subgriseata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania.
 Bembecia uroceriformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal Switzerland Italy and most of the Balkan Peninsula. It is also found in North Africa (including Morocco) and from Asia Minor to the Caucasus.The wingspan is 20–24 mm.The larvae feed on Dorycnium species (including Dorycnium herbaceum) Lotus corniculatus Ulex europaeus Ulex nanus Coronilla emerus Chamaecytisus species Cytisus procumbens Cytisus hirsutus and Corothamnus procumbens.
 Armillifer armillatus is a species of Armillifer that can cause porocephalosis in humans.
 Chamaita barnardi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (including Queensland).Adults have off-white forewings with a faint brown pattern.
 The flathead flounder Hippoglossoides dubius is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives on bottoms in shallow coastal waters at depths of between 10 and 600 metres (33 and 1969 ft). Its native habitat is the northwestern Pacific particularly the seas of Japan and Okhotsk and the coastlines of Kamchatka and Korea. It grows up to 45 centimetres (18 in) in length.
 Pseudodellamora championi is a beetle in the Pseudodellamora genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1899 by Schilsky.
 Chapman's Blue Polyommatus thersites is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in South Europe Morocco Lebanon Asia Minor Iran and Tian Shan.The larva feeds on Onobrychis species (Onobrychis arenaria Onobrychis peduncularis Onobrychis sativa and Onobrychis viciifolia)
 The Gristle-headed Splayfoot Salamander (Chiropterotriton chondrostega) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pyroglyphidae is a family of mites.
 The Scotch bonnet (Semicassis granulata) also known as the ridged bonnet is a medium-sized species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Cassinae. The common name alludes to the general outline and color of the shell which vaguely resemble a Tam o' Shanter a traditional Scottish bonnet.This species is found primarily in the tropical and subtropical Western Atlantic Ocean from North Carolina to Uruguay. It is the most common species in this subfamily in North America.
 Phyllocnistis leptomianta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Xastilia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Acropora rongelapensis is a species of branching scleractinian coral. It is only known from the lagoon of Rongelap Atoll in the Marshall Islands Pacific Ocean.This coral forms colonies up to 20 cm across with main branches up to 10 cm long. It is pale brown in colour but appears white in strong light due to the dense skeleton. The main distinguishing feature from its congeners is the laterally flattened branches. It occurs at depths of 28-32 m.
 Sveltia gladiator is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Gobitrichinotus arnoulti is a species of sand darter endemic to Madagascar where it occurs in fresh waters. This species can reach a length of 4 centimetres (1.6 in) TL.
 Common names: Kenya horned viper.Bitis worthingtoni is a venomous viper species endemic to the high central Rift Valley of Kenya. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Pandalus is a genus of shrimp in the family Pandalidae. Members of the genus are medium sized and live on or near the seabed. Some species are the subject of commercial fisheries and are caught by trawling. One species Pandalus montagui lives in association with the reef-building polychaete worm Sabellaria spinulosa.The life span is typically 3–5 years with sexual maturity being reached at an early age.
 Acanthais is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Telmatopelopia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Pempelia johannella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Romania and Greece.
 Pterymarchia bipinnata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Calliostoma opalinum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Fautor) .
 Potamotherium ('river beast') an extinct genus from the Miocene period which has been assigned both to the mustelids and to the pinnipeds.The genus was first described in 1833. In 1988 it was assigned to the family Mustelidae and the subfamily Oligobuninae. However it has been suggested that Potamotherium was not a mustelid at all but rather a very basal pinniped. One species has been identified in the genus: P. miocenicum.
 As invalidly established by Hübner in 1819 Acraea refers to butterflies currently placed in Actinote.Acraea is a genus of brush-footed butterflies (family Nymphalidae) of the subfamily Heliconiinae. It seems to be highly paraphyletic and has long been used as a wastebin taxon to unite about 220 species of anatomically conservative Acraeini. Most species assembled here are restricted to the Afrotropic ecozone but some are found in India Southeast Asia and Australia.
 Cochylimorpha pirizanica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Kirgizstan and Iran (Fars Province).
 Lygephila viciae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 35–36 mm. There are two generations per year depending on the location. Adults are on wing from May to September.The larvae feed on Astragalus Coronilla Lathyrus Polygonum and Melilotis species.
 Raphitoma cordieri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Odostomia kuiperi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Conus telatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Nebria meanyi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Canada and in the U.S. states such as California Oregon and Washington.
 Asura nigrivena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China.
 Capys meruensis the Meru Protea Butterfly is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya (Mount Kenya). The habitat consists of montane grassland at altitudes of about 2300 meters.The larvae feed on Protea gaguedi.
 Trimetopia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Porcellio uljanini is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Ukraine.
 Trivirostra tryphaenae is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Caecilia bokermanni is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and possibly Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The pig frog (Rana grylio) is a species of aquatic frog found in the Southeastern United States from South Carolina to Texas. Some sources also refer to it as the lagoon frog or the southern bullfrog.
 Gosztonyia antarctica is a species of fish described in early 2009. Its genus Gosztonyia is hitherto monotypic. It is known only from the Bellingshausen Sea of Antarctica.
 Graphium thule is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in New Guinea. The larva feeds on Aquifoliacene ilex.Graphium thule is not common but not known to be threatened. It mimics the danaines Ideopsis juventa and Tirumala hamata. There is one subspecies felixi Joicey & Noakes 1915 and three forms. It is an endemic species.
 Oxycanus byrsa is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales.
 The spiny pipehorse Solegnathus spinosissimus is a pipefish of the family Syngnathidae found in the southwest Pacific Ocean on rocky or coral reefs to depths of 230 m. Length is up to 50 cm.
 Myotis nipalensis commonly known as Nepal myotis is a vesper bat of genus Myotis.
 Brenthia trimachaera is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found on Samoa.
 Pterymarchia bouteti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Euchontha frigida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is distributed along the eastern slope of the Andes from central Colombia south to Bolivia.
 Heliothis cystiphora is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central America South America and the Galapagos.
 Plocamopherus apheles is a species of sea slug a nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.
 Accra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Arachnura scorpionoides is a species of Drag Tail Spider in the Arachnura genus native to Congo Ethiopia Madagascar and Mauritius. A specimen of this species has recently been seen (January 2013) in Nairobi Kenya East Africa. The specimen laid over 65 eggs which later hatched therefore making Arachnura scorpionoides a native species of Kenya.
 Scopula spissitarsata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in western Sumatra.
 Ghoria is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Pasiphila obscura is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 17–19 mm.
 Graphisurus triangulifer is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Haldeman in 1847 and is known from the eastern United States as well as the central state of Texas.
 Xenosocia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Cardiocladius is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 Amsactoides guangxica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov and Kishida in 2009. It is found in China (Guangxi).
 Bulimulus nux is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pectinophora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae. Perhaps the best known species is the Pink bollworm Pectinophora gossypiella (Saunders). Pectinophora gossypiella is one of the world's most destructive insect pests that causes terrible damage to the cotton bolls. The larvae (caterpillars) bore into the squares causing them to fall or the blossoms to fail to open. The larvae tunnel through the immature lint and into the seeds eating them.
 Pseudolithoxus tigris is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Orinoco and Ventuari River basins. This species grows to a length of 9.4 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.P. tigris probably matures at a relatively small size; in a specimen about 5 cm (2 in) SL the snout and pectoral-fin spine odontodes are already greatly elongated while the odontodes are only beginning to develop in similarly sized specimens of other species.
 Cynoglossus broadhursti commonly known as the Southern tonguesole is a species of tonguefish. It is commonly found in the Indian Ocean.
 Pilisphaerion exoticum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pilisphaerion.
 Veprecula bandensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Argyresthia laevigatella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Europe and Japan.The wingspan is 9–13 mm. The moths are on wing from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Larix decidua.
 Graphium euphrates is a butterfly found in the Philippines and Sulawesi that belongs to the Swallowtail family.The larva feeds on Annona Desmos and Uvaria.
 Eurycantha calcarata (common names thorny devil stick insect and giant spiny stick insect ) is a species of stick insect endemic to Australasia.
 Acanthops falcataria common name South American Dead Leaf Mantis is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
 The Maendeleo Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus maendeleo) is a recently discovered species of bats in the Rhinolophidae family. It inhabits caves of the Coastal Lowland forests of Tanzania. Its closest relative Adam's Horseshoe Bat.
 Zonites algirus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropodmollusk in the family Zonitidae.
 The Andaman horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus cognatus) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to India. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Hydroginella rugosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Chloroselas taposana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sudan.
 The Anjouan Scops Owl (Otus capnodes) is an owl endemic to the Comoro Islands.This species is a part of the larger grouping of owls known as typical owls Strigidae which contains most species of owl. The other grouping is the barn owls Tytonidae.This owl is found on the island of Anjouan. This species was rediscovered in June 1992 after an absence of records dating back to 1886.It has an estimated population of less than 400.
 Mimeresia russulus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Melanodrymia galeronae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melanodrymiidae.
 Pingasa subpurpurea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo the Philippines and Sulawesi. The habitat consists of dry heath forests and swamp forests as well as cultivated areas.
 Iridana is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics. The only known specimen of I. agneshorvathae was collected at light in Bia National Park in Western Ghana from a dry semi-deciduous forest and is most probably a canopy species. It might or might not be endemic to the Ghana subregion of West Africa.
 Schistura nicholsi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Elachista veletaella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Spain.
 Metrius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Metrius contractus Eschscholtz 1829 Metrius explodens Bousquet & Goulet 1990↑
 Madaphlocteis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Madaphlocteis ambanjana (Obenberger 1944) Madaphlocteis ampliata (Fairmaire 1905) Madaphlocteis iridipennis (Obenberger 1944) Madaphlocteis mucorea (Fairmaire 1902) Madaphlocteis ochraceopicta (Fairmaire 1888) Madaphlocteis perrieri (Fairmaire 1900) Madaphlocteis polychroa (Fairmaire 1904) Madaphlocteis purpureosignata (Hoscheck 1931) Madaphlocteis simplicifrons (Fairmaire 1901)↑
 Grallariidae is a family of smallish passerine birds of subtropical and tropical Central and South America known as antpittas. They are between 10 and 20 cm (4–8 in) in length and are related to the antbirds Thamnophilidae and gnateaters Conopophagidae. They were also formerly placed in the Formicariidae but studies by Rice (2005) indicated a distinct family was supported. Both the North American and South American committees of the AOU recognized the family soon after.
 Biomeigenia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Dyspessa infuscata is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Russia Ukraine and the Near East.The wingspan is 19–21 mm. The wings are uniform dark brownish grey.
 The Brown-fronted Woodpecker (Dendrocopos auriceps) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It ranges across the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent primarily the lower-to-middle altitudes of the Himalayas. It is found in Afghanistan India Nepal Pakistan and Bhutan.
 Poropuntius huangchuchieni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Poropuntius.
 Laevicardium mortoni or Morton's egg cockle is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Nova Scotia to Brazil.
 Fusinus rusticulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Large Dingy Skipper or Dingy Grass-skipper (Toxidia peron) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The larvae feed on Stenotaphrum secundatum Gahnia sieberiana Lomandra species Dianella caerulea and other Dianella species.
 Biomphalaria sudanica is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.
 Harutaeographa is a moth genus in the family Noctuidae.
 Pariambus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising the two species Pariambus typicus and Pariambus minutus.
 Cultripalpa lunulifera is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.
 Baroa soricina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1879. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Dicastria temporalis is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Dicastria.
 Balliace is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Fusinus parvulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Tanousia stenostoma is an extinct European species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum a gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae.
 Eupithecia canonica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 26 mm for males. The forewings are violet grey with dark fuscous irroration. The hindwings are dirty whitish becoming greyer at the distal margin.
 Drillia angolensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Wall Brown Lasiommata megera is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae (subfamily Satyrinae). It is widespread in the Palearctic ecozone with a large variety of habitats and a number of generations a year.
 Lyces patula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to montane central Colombia.
 Lyria anna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Thaumastus flori is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Megaspiridae.
 Anthidium luctuosum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Radioconus goeldi is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Arachnocoris is a small genus of true bugs found in the Neotropics.It is often found living in the webs of the pholcid spider Mesabolivar aurantiacus (Mello-Leitão 1930). It seems to prefer empty webs possibly utilizing them as a ready-made prey-capture device and possibly as a site for finding mates.Members of this genus are often found living in spider web mostly those of the family Pholcidae.
 Anopina meredithi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Acrobasis caribbeana is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by J.C. Shaffer in 1978. It is found on Dominica.
 The Western Pine Elfin (Callophrys eryphon) is a North American butterfly that ranges from British Columbia east to Maine and south to southern California Arizona and New Mexico. Males are brown and females are orange-brown with both having bold patterned hind wings. The top of the wings have dark bars with a lighter chevron shaped margin.
 Mecotetartus antennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Mecotetartus.
 Pagodula limicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Chinhai spiny newt (Echinotriton chinhaiensis) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family endemic to Zhejiang province in eastern China. Its natural habitats are temperate forests freshwater marshes and ponds.The Chinhai spiny newt is only known from Beilun District east of Ningbo.
 The Damara Copper (Aloeides damarensis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is found from coastal KwaZulu-Natal to the Drakensberg north into Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 25–32 mm for males and 28–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to April in the southern part of the range and year round in the north.The larvae feed on Aspalathus species.
 The Crimson-fronted Cardinal (Paroaria baeri) is a bird species in the tanager family (Thraupidae). It was formerly placed in the Emberizidae and is not very closely related to the cardinals proper (Cardinalidae).It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Coleophora demaculella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Grammia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The Usambara Akalat (Sheppardia montana) also known as the Usambara Alethe or Usambara Robin-chat is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euriphene luteostriata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ituri and northern Kivu).
 Nevia spirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Purple Starling (Lamprotornis purpureus) also known as the Purple Glossy Starling is a member of the starling family of birds.
 Mylothris alberici is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in western Uganda Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu). The habitat consists of forests.
 Nembrotha mullineri is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. It was first described in 1997.
 The Parascylliidae or collared carpet sharks are a family of sharks. They are only found in shallow waters of the western Pacific.They are relatively small sharks with the largest species reaching no more than 91 cm (3.0 ft) in adult length. They have elongated slender bodies cat-like eyes and barbels behind the chin. They feed on small fish and invertebrates.
 Paradoxoglanis cryptus is a species of electric catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Kagala River. This species grows to a length of 11.93 centimetres (4.70 in) SL.
 Dromoceryx is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dromoceryx dorsalis Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Dromoceryx flavocircumdayus Mateu 1984 Dromoceryx magnus Mateu 1984↑
 Isthmohyla calypsa is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pteropelyx is a dubious genus of Late Cretaceous hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Judith River Formation of Montana named by Edward Drinker Cope in 1889. Historically several species were assigned to it all based on extremely fragmentary remains but there is no evidence to support these assignments. Most of these other species' remains likely belong to better-known hadrosaurs such as Lambeosaurus and Gryposaurus.
 The Honeyguide Greenbul (Baeopogon indicator) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan Togo Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Taenia rileyi is a tapeworm of the genus Taenia from the United States. Adults infect bobcats (Lynx rufus) and feral domestic cats (Felis silvestris catus) but larvae have been found in rodents such as the oldfield mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus) the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) in Florida and the hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) in Florida and Georgia. These rodents may serve as intermediate hosts.
 Mordellina monocalcarata is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 The Galápagos land iguanas comprise the genus Conolophus of the Galápagos Islands. The name Conolophus is derived from two Greek words: conos (κώνος) meaning spiny and lophos (λοφος) meaning crest or plume denoting the spiny crests along the backs of these species.
 Papuliscala superlata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Nystiellidae. This species is found around North Island New Zealand.
 The Australian barracuda arrow barracuda Australian sea pike sea pike snook or shortfin barracuda Sphyraena novaehollandiae is a barracuda of the genus Sphyraena found between North Cape and East Cape on the North Island of New Zealand in semiprotected areas. Its length is up to 1 m.
 Lanelater substriatus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
 Comitas kamakurana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Conus alabaster is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The White-banded Black Moth (Rheumaptera subhastata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Palearctic and Nearctic ecozones where it is widely distributed in western North America.The wingspan is 26–31 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to mid July. There is one generation per year.The larva feed on the foliage of Alnus species. They fold a leaf into a tent.
 Nanna eningae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Plötz in 1880. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Ghana Kenya Nigeria Somalia Togo and Uganda.
 Clinotanypus is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Galactica is a genus of insects in the Galacticidae family.
 Manoba paucilinea is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by de Joan in 1928. It is found in Vietnam.
 Bebearia lucayensis the Plain Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Hypselodelphys and Maranthochloa species.
 Miltochrista sauteri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1917. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Eastern Striped Skink (Ctenotus robustus) is a species of skink found in a wide variety of habitats in Australia. A robust lizard with complex markings and patterns. The snout to vent length is around 123 mm.
 Taranis rhytismeis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Saprolegniaceae is a family of freshwater mould.
 Florizel (1768 – 1791) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He was a bay son of Herod foaled in 1768. As a sire he produced 175 winners who won a total of 75901 pounds. Offspring included Eager (winner of the 1791 Derby) Tartar (St. Leger) Ninety-three (St. Leger) Brilliant Diomed (winner of the Derby and a great sire in the US producing Sir Archy) Ulysses Moustrap and Admiral.
 Scianenuropsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The kukumai (Bathybagrus grandis) is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Lake Tanganyika along the border of Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. It reaches a length of 63 cm (24.8 inches) TL and is a minor component of local commercial fisheries.
 Phyllopezus is a genus of South American geckos which contains four described species. Phyllopezus species occur in a variety of open and forested habitats across South America including Caatinga Cerrado Chaco Seasonally Dry Tropical Forest and Atlantic Forest. Phyllopezus pollicaris is composed of numerous undescribed species.
 Schrankia bruntoni is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Borneo (Brunei).
 Pseudochliaria is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Ariathisa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Potamocypris steueri is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae subfamily Cypridopsinae found in marine brackish waters of the Mediterranean Basin as well as in brackish coastal waters of the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea.
 Myiobius is a genus of bird classified in the Tityridae family according to IOC version 2.11[1]. It was previously considered to belong to the Tyrannidae. It contains the following species: Tawny-breasted Myiobius (Myiobius villosus) Whiskered Myiobius (Myiobius barbatus) Sulphur-rumped Myiobius (Myiobius sulphureipygius) Black-tailed Myiobius (Myiobius atricaudus)
 The Black-bellied Seedeater (Sporophila melanogaster) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dioxycanus is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are 2 described species both endemic to New Zealand.
 Paranthrene dukei is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Zimbabwe.
 The Common Lytrosis Moth (Lytrosis unitaria) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Arkansas Georgia Iowa Massachusetts New Hampshire New Jersey New York North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee Texas Virginia West Virginia and Wisconsin.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Rosa Crataegus Amelanchier Acer Quercus and Viburnum species.
 Scopula subpectinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Charaxes velox is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Socotra.
 Moneta is a spider genus in the family Theridiidae.
 Metarctia quinta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Melanella callistemma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Helcion is a genus of sea snails the true limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the family Patellidae.
 Fusus niveus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Cardepia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kurtziella corallina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Xenocharax spilurus is a species of distichodontid fish found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Gabon. It is the only described species in its genus.
 Karenaxia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Karenaxia horaki Bily 1993 Karenaxia nigrocyanea Bily 1997 Karenaxia similis Bily 1999↑
 Coleophora makuensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The blacktail shiner (Cyprinella venusta) is a small freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family native to the United States.
 Tomopleura is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae.
 Acrocercops euargyra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934.
 Fraus distispina is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.
 Glipa luteofasciata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1930.
 Ximeniconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (January 2012) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Cotynessa abatinga is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Cotynessa.
 Itombwe Flycatcher (Muscicapa itombwensis) is a bird species in the Old World flycatcher family (Muscicapidae). It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was formerly considered a subspecies of Chapin's Flycatcher.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Palm Rat (Rattus palmarum) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in India in the Nicobar Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 The Tree Top Acraea (Acraea cerasa) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in most of south-eastern Africa.The wingspan is 32–38 mm for males and 37–45 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from October to April. It is very scarce in dry months.The larvae feed on Rawsonia lucida and Drypetes gerrardii.
 Rhamphodopsis is a genus of extinct ptyctodont placoderm from the Middle Devonian Old Red Sandstone of Scotland.
 The western longnose spurdog Squalus nasutus is a dogfish of the family Squalidae found on the continental shelf off the northwest and southwest coasts of Western Australia at depths of between 300 and 510 m. Its length is at least 55 cm.The western longnose is a rare small and slender dogfish with a narrow head and long narrow snout. There is a short medial barbel on the anterior nasal flaps. The pectoral fin has a shallowly concave posterior margin.
 Pterocerina paradoxa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae.
 Dendrophilia fujianensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by H.H. Li and Z.M. Zheng in 1998. It is found in China (Fujian).
 Deopteryx is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and contains the species D. hypenetes. It is found in Panama.
 The golomyankas (lit. naked) or Baikal oilfish are two species of peculiar sculpin-like fishes endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
 Bicyclus hyperanthus Bethune-Baker’s Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast eastern Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo western Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub-montane forests.
 Fossorochromis rostratus species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa. The single species  is a large (24.4 centimetres (9.6 in) TL) sexually dimorphic cichlid.As for most cichlids brood care is highly developed the eggs and larvae being mouthbrooded by the female.
 The round whitefish (Prosopium cylindraceum) is a freshwater species of fish that is found in lakes from Alaska to New England including the Great Lakes. It has an olive-brown back with light silvery sides and underside and its length is generally between 9 and 19 inches (23 and 48 cm). They are bottom feeders feeding mostly on invertebrates such as crustaceans insect larvae and fish eggs. Some other fish species like white sucker in turn eat their eggs.
 Zidona is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 The Verapaz shrew (Sorex veraepacis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
 Acallis gripalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Acallis. It was described by Hulst in 1886. It is found in North America including Colorado British Columbia California and Arizona.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Rocroithys is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Nycticleptes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The wandering small-eared shrew (Cryptotis montivaga) is a species of shrew in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Miss Woodford (1880-1899) was a brown Thoroughbred racemare that became one of the top American fillies of all time. At one stage she won 16 consecutive races.
 Zigira is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It was first described by Walker in 1865. It contains the single species Zigira quadrata which is found in Colombia.
 Sapheneutis is a bagworm genus.
 Phestilla is a genus of sea slugs solid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tergipedidae.
 Garra fuliginosa is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra. It is native to fast flowing water in large Indochinese rivers.
 Asthenotricha pycnoconia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon Kenya Malawi South Africa Tanzania and Uganda.
 Barreleyes also known as spook fish (a name also applied to several species of chimaera) are small deep-sea argentiniform fish comprising the family Opisthoproctidae found in tropical-to-temperate waters of the Atlantic Pacific and Indian Oceans.These fish are named for their barrel-shaped tubular eyes which are generally directed upwards to detect the silhouettes of available prey; however according to Robison and Reisenbichler these fish are capable of directing their eyes forward as well. 
 Caryocolum immixtum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is about 5 mm for males and about 4.5 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown scattered with white. There are some indistinct white markings. Adults have been recorded on wing from late May to late June.
 The Philippine luminous roughy Aulotrachichthys latus is a slimehead from the Trachichthyidae family.It is found in the Western Pacific: Indonesia and Philippines.
 Colubraria clathrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.
 Caloptilia thiosema is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Nordstromia japonica is a species of moth belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae. It is found in Japan and China (Hunan and Szechwan).
 Sauterina is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 The Coiba Island howler (Alouatta coibensis) is a species of howler monkey a type of New World monkey endemic to Panama. Although the Coiba Island howler is generally recognized as a separate species mitochondrial DNA testing is inconclusive as to whether it is actually a subspecies of the mantled howler. The reason for treating it as a separate species is the dermal ridges of its hands and feet differ from those of the mantled howler.A. c.
 Benthomangelia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
 Stephopoma is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Siliquariidae the slit worm shells or slit worm snails.
 Biclonuncaria phaedroptera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 The mountain barbel (Amphilius platychir) is a species of fish in the Amphiliidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 The Orsolobidae are a six-eyed spider family with about 180 described species in 29 genera. They were separated from the Dysderidae. Several genera were transferred from the Oonopidae.
 Xymenopsis muriciformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hewitsonia beryllina the Green Tiger Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) western Cameroon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Dryophilus is a genus of wood-boring beetles The Latin name dryophilus means lover of oaks. However these beetles are associated with a range of tree species.
 Lepidochrysops coxii Cox’s Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of grassland.Adults have been recorded on wing in October.
 Acrobasis marmorea is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies in one generation from June to August .The caterpillars feed on hawthorn and blackthorn.
 Stenoplastis decorata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Viviennea salma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela and Honduras.
 Natica brunoi is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Asota tortuosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China India Myanmar Nepal Sikkim and Taiwan.The wingspan is 61–67 mm.
 Viettesia bimaculosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
 The '''Ornate octopus''' (''Octopus ornatus'') is a tropical species of octopus native to the Indo-Pacific region. Other common names include white-striped octopus and night octopus in reference to its nocturnal habits. It was previously known as Polypus ornatus. O. ornatus is edible and was recorded in a Hawaiian market in 1914 by S. S. Berry.
 Rhacophorus fasciatus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Indonesia and Malaysia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Miniophyllodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Parapriacanthus is a genus of sweepers native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Puntius schanicus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in Salween Basin.
 Gloriana ornata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal and India.
 Acutia is a genus of moths of the Pyralidae family.
 Phyllonorycter sandraella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia and Quercus wislizeni. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Carbonellia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Carbonellia jolyi Mateu 1985 Carbonellia platensis (Berg 1883) Carbonellia atra (Mateu 1972)↑
 Favartia nucea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Protogynanisa probsti is a species of moths in the Saturniidae family. It was described by Bouyer in 2001. It is found in Tanzania and Kenya.
 Hylobius is a genus of true weevils (family Curculionidae). Several Hylobius species are major pests of coniferous trees.
 Katha rungsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in north-western Africa (Morocco) Portugal Italy Spain and Greece.
 Desmond's Green-Banded Swallowtail (Papilio desmondi) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Africa.The larvae feed on Vepris eugeniifolia Teclea Clausena Zanthoxylum Calodendrum and Citrus species.
 Zeuctoboarmia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Agriopodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Conolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Turbonilla multicostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Aspella helenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Black-hooded Antwren (Formicivora erythronotos) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae the antbirds. It is endemic to Brazil where it is known only from the vicinity of Ilha Grande Bay in the southern part of the state of Rio de Janeiro. It was collected and then not seen for 100 years until it was rediscovered in 1987. It is now known from seven sites. Its range is small and its habitat is fragmented.This bird is protected by the nation of Brazil.
 The Ochlockonee moccasinshell scientific name Medionidus simpsonianus is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Aesopus obesus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Mordella leucographa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 The Ussuri white-toothed shrew (Crocidura lasiura) is a species of musk shrew found on the mainland Northeast Asia. It is common and widespread and is one of the largest shrews found in the region with adult weight of 14-25 grams. It should not be confused with the related Ussuri shrew (Sorex mirabilis).
 Synvaleria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hypocrita joiceyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1922. It is found in Colombia.
 Bruceina hayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Microcephalophis cantoris is a species of sea snake.Diagnostic Characters- Head small body long and slender anteriorly; scales on thickest part of body juxtaposed; 5-6 maxillary teeth behind fangs; 23-25 (rarely 21) scale rows around neck 41-48 around thickest part of body (increase from neck to midbody 18-24); ventrals divided by a longitudinal fissure; prefrontal in contact with third upper labial; ventrals 404-468.
 Eleutherodactylus miyatai is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Spot-crowned Woodcreeper (Lepidocolaptes affinis) is a passerine bird which breeds in the tropical New World from central Mexico in the east the Sierra Madre Orientals to northern Panama.This woodcreeper is found in mountains from 1000 m to the timberline in mossy epiphyte-laden forest and adjacent semi-open woodland and clearings.
 Martella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Favorinus blianus is a species of sea slug an aeolid nudibranch in the family Facelinidae.
 Trachyderomorpha notabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Trachyderomorpha.
 Mitromorpha olivoidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Cosmia restituta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East Korea Japan Nepal and Taiwan.The length of the forewings is about 14 mm and the wingspan is 25–29 mm.
 The Heliasteridae are a family of Asteroidea (sea stars) in the order Forcipulatida.
 Scopula penricei is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola.
 Parafomoria cistivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in the western Mediterranean Region.The length of the forewings is 2.3-2.6 mm for males and 2.1-2.6 mm for females. Adults are on wing from the end of August to the end of October. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Cistus ladanifer Cistus laurifolius Cistus monspeliensis Cistus populifolius and Cistus salviifolius. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Sefton (1875–1891) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1877 to 1878 he ran thirteen times and won three races. He showed little promise as a two-year-old but developed into a leading colt the following year when his wins included the 1878 Epsom Derby. At the end of the season he was retired to stud where he had little success. He was put down in 1891.
 Chrysotoxum triarcuatum is a species of hoverfly endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Honanodon was named by Chow and could be found throughout China and Pakistan.
 Euphaedra vulnerata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea (Bioko).
 The scaldfishes comprise a genus Arnoglossus of lefteye flounders. The 35 currently recognized species are: Arnoglossus andrewsi Kurth 1954 Arnoglossus arabicus Norman 1939 (Arabian flounder) Arnoglossus armstrongi E. O. G.
 Liopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Liopterus atriceps (Sharp 1882) Liopterus haemorrhoidalis (Fabricius 1787)↑
 Craugastor emleni is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and plantations .
 Hypatopa vitis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 6.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brownish-orange scales and few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Turbonilla cookeana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Yellow-throated Leaflove or Yellow-throated Greenbul (Atimastillas flavicollis) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Mali Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Acutipenna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 For the bird alternatively named Scarlet-tufted Sunbird see Fraser's Sunbird Deleornis fraseriThe Scarlet-tufted Sunbird (Nectarinia johnstoni) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. It is also known as the Red-tufted Sunbird and the Scarlet-tufted Malachite Sunbird.
 Paracles peruensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Calguia defiguralis is a species of snout moth in the genus Calguia. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in China (Guangdong) and Borneo. It has also been recorded from Australia and Taiwan.
 Stenopus scutellatus commonly known as the gold coral banded shrimp or golden coral shrimp is a boxer shrimp a shrimp-like decapod crustacean belonging to the family Stenopodidae. It is found in suitable habitats in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean Sea.
 Euphlyctinides aeneola is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in northern and western Thailand on altitudes of 400 to 1400 meters.The wingspan is 20-22 mm. The head thorax and abdomen are brown. Both the forewings and hindwings are greyish-brown although the forewing has a darker costal area and a discal cell with dark-brown scales. The dark-brown postmedial fascia of the forewing consists of dispersal streak-like spots on the veins.
 Leptophobia is a Neotropical ecozone genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.
 Ptychochromis grandidieri is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family endemic to river basins along a large part of the eastern coast of Madagascar although it has been recorded as far as 100 km (62 mi) inland. Uniquely in the genus Ptychochromis this species also occurs in brackish water. It reaches 21.3 cm (8.4 in) in standard length. It shares a large part of its range with a cichlid from another genus Paretroplus polyactis.
 Panopeidae is a family containing 25 genera of morphologically similar crabs often known as mud crabs. Their centers of diversity are the Atlantic Ocean and eastern Pacific Ocean.
 The mountain pademelon (Thylogale lanatus) is a member of the Thylogale genus. It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Euriphene schultzei Schultze’s Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Matalote Cahita (Catostomus cahita) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in Mexico.
 Oedoparena nigrifrons is a coastal fly from the family Dryomyzidae. it is the only known dipterous predator of barnacles.
 Elachista neapolisella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found on Crete.
 The Saker Falcon (Falco cherrug) is a very large falcon. This species breeds from eastern Europe eastwards across Asia to Manchuria. It is mainly migratory except in the southernmost parts of its range wintering in Ethiopia the Arabian peninsula northern Pakistan and western China.
 Mitra rubritincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Praetaxilia segecia commonly known as the harlequin metalmark or Australian metalmark is the only butterfly of the metalmark (or Riodinidae) family found in Australia where restricted to northern Queensland. It is also found in New Guinea and on nearby smaller islands such as Aru.
 Typocerus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species:
 Agylla nochiza is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Lesser Cuckoo (Cuculus poliocephalus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China Democratic Republic of the Congo Hong Kong India Japan Kenya North Korea South Korea Laos Malawi Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Russia Seychelles Somalia South Africa Sri Lanka Tanzania Thailand Vietnam Zambia and Zimbabwe.In Japan the bird is called hototogisu (ホトトギス?) and is frequently praised for its song and ranked as her favorite bird by Sei Shonagon in her account of court life in Heian Japan The Pillow Book. 
 Melisa diptera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
 Pleurona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chaetonotus elegans is a gastrotrich species in the genus Chaetonotus.
 Vexillum histrio is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Mintho rufiventris is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Mordellistena schwarzi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1939.
 Neocrepidodera puncticollis is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Romania Slovakia and Ukraine.
 Lufengia is a genus of tritylodont therapsid from the Sinemurian (Early Jurassic) of Yunnan China. It may be a senior synonym to the related genus Dianzhongia found nearby.
 Dusky Blackvein Aporia nabellica is a midsized to large butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India and Pakistan in the W. Himalayas : Kashmir to Naini Tal from 8500 to 13000 feet. It has a wing expanse of 6 to 7 cm.
 Laemanctus is a genus of corytophanid lizards commonly referred to as conehead lizards or casquehead iguanas which are endemic to Central America.
 Nassarius albescens common name : the whitish nassa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.There is one subspecies : Nassarius albescens gemmuliferus (A. Adams 1852) (synonyms : Nassa (Niotha) albescens var. fenestratus (Marrat 1877); Nassa (Niotha) fenestrata (Marrat 1877); Nassa fenestrata Marratt 1877; Nassa gemmulifera A.
 Flabellina is a genus of sea slugs specifically aeolid nudibranchs. These animals are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Flabellinidae.
 Artiloxis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Agastus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Agastus alternatus (Basilewsky 1962) Agastus biseriatus Baehr 1987 Agastus congoanus (Basilewsky 1960) Agastus fuscatus (Liebke 1937) Agastus gabonicus (Mateu 1970) Agastus hirsutus Baehr 1985 Agastus kivuanus (Basilewsky 1960) Agastus lineatus Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Agastus ustulatus Gestro 1875 Agastus zuphoides (Alluaud 1931)↑
 Orthogonius malaisei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1947.
 Tipra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Saphenista mediocris is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Nuevo Leon).
 Parategeticula ecdysiastica is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in the Sierra de la Laguna Mountains of the Cape region of Baja California MexicoThe wingspan is about 25 mm. The forewings are tannish white with a very light scattering of linear white scales. The hindwings are clear-translucent with very scattered white linear scales above and below. Adults are possibly on wing in July.The larvae feed on Yucca capensis.
 Microxyla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mareura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Myriostephes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Stagmomantis californica common name California Mantis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmomantis native to the Western United States.
 Ninox is a genus of owls comprising about 30 species found in Asia and Australasia. Many species are known as hawk owls or boobooks.
 Eudalaca homoterma is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Notolaemus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Notolaemus castaneus Erichson Notolaemus clarus Grouvelle Notolaemus cribratus Reitter Notolaemus elli Lefkovitch Notolaemus lewisi Reitter Notolaemus liganus Lefkovitch Notolaemus peringueyi Grouvelle Notolaemus perrieri Grouvelle Notolaemus perspicuus Grouvelle Notolaemus picinus Grouvelle Notolaemus riartus Lefkovitch Notolaemus unifasciatus Latreille Notolaemus ussuriensis Iablokoff-Khnzorian↑
 The tit-tyrants are a group of small mainly Andean tyrant flycatchers in the genus Anairetes. It includes the genus Uromyias which formerly was recognized based on syringial and plumage characters including a flatter crest and a longer tail but now is known to be imbedded within Anairetes due to genetic analysis.
 Malgassesia biedermanni is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Africa.
 Oxynoemacheilus erdali is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 The Little Auk or Dovekie (Alle alle) is a small auk the only member of the genus Alle. It breeds on islands in the high Arctic. There are two subspecies: A. a. alle breeds in Greenland Iceland Novaya Zemlya and Spitsbergen and A. a. polaris on Franz Josef Land.
 Anaptomorphinae is a pre-historic group of primates known from Eocene fossils in North America and Europe and later periods of Paleocene Asia and are a sub-family of omomyids. The anaptomorphines is a paraphyletic group consisting of the two tribes Trogolemurini and Anaptomorphini.Anaptomorphine radiation in Wyoming one of the most detailed records of changes within populations and between species in the fossil record has provided remarkable evidence of transitional fossils.
 The Pavonine Quetzal (Pharomachrus pavoninus) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family the trogons.
 Fabresema grisea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 The Indonesian big-eyed tree frog Nyctimystes fluviatilis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to West Papua Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Loch Rannoch Tortrix or Rannoch Bell (Rhopobota ustomaculana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe east to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July. They fly during the afternoon and evening.The larvae feed on Vaccinium vitis-idaea. They spin together the leaves of their host plant feeding on the upper parenchyma. The species overwinters in this stage.
 The Black-faced Quailfinch (Ortygospiza atricollis) is a common species of estrildid finch found in western and central of Africa. Some taxonomists consider it to be conspecific with the African Quailfinch others consider all three species to be conspecific.
 Dioryctria magnifica is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Munroe in 1958 and is known from China.
 Euxesta nitidiventris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Pentila maculata the Multi-spot Pentila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Visayan Bulbul (Hypsipetes mindorensis) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).It is endemic to Mindoro in the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It was previously considered a subspecies of the Philippine Bulbul.
 Ananteris sabineae is a species of scorpion. It has a pale pigmentation of its pedipalps and legs and a dark pigmentation of its carapace. It also has less yellow spots. It is closely related to Ananteris pydanieli.
 The Escuercito (Odontophrynus cordobae) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers rocky areas pastureland heavily degraded former forest and seasonally flooded agricultural land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phassus championi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Guatemala.
 Robinsonia longimacula is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1915. It is found in Brazil.
 Trisuloides sericea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South-east Asia.The wingspan is about 24 mm.
 Hardyadrama is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Scopula flavinsolata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests particularly forests on limestone and adjacent alluvial forests.The length of the forewings is 9-10 mm. Adults are tinged strongly yellow throughout.
 The Dun Skipper Sedge Witch or Dun Sedge Skipper (Euphyes vestris) is a species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia west across southern Canada to southern Alberta south to Florida the Gulf Coast and eastern Texas. There are disjunct populations in the high plains and Rocky Mountains and along the Pacific Coast.The wingspan is 29-35 mm. Adults are on wing in July in one generation per year.
 Agdistis tigrovaja is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Tajikistan.The wingspan is 15-16 mm for females. The forewings are grey. Adults have been recorded in July and August.
 Arotrophora is a genus of tortrix moth. They occur in Australia where they are strongly associated with the plant family Proteaceae. All of the known larvae bore in Banksia flower spikes.
 Cerura erminea is a moth of the family Notodontidae also known as the Lesser Puss Moth or Feline. It is found in Europe.The length of the forewings is 30–38 mm for females and 25–30 mm for males. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Willow and Poplar.
 Mordellistena nigripennis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1798.
 Epidesma albicincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Hippotion balsaminae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is common in most habitats throughout the Ethiopian Region including Madagascar.The length of the forewings is 24–28 mm and the wingspan is 52–70 mm. The head and body are very pale sandy brown with faint darker longitudinal lines. The forewings are of the same colour with numerous thin darker regular oblique and submarginal lines meeting at the apex. The two anterior oblique lines darker and more prominent than the others.
 Agassiziella alicialis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Gluteus minimus is a fossil from the Upper Devonian of Iowa. It was first collected in 1902 but only described in 1975. Each animal appears as a bi-lobed lens up to 11 mm × 8 mm (0.43 in × 0.31 in) and almost all specimens share the same slight asymmetry. The species is of uncertain affinities having been thought of as either a fish tooth or a brachiopod.
 Samoana annectens is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This is one of many species known as the Polynesian tree snail; it is endemic to Huahine French Polynesia.
 Elachista vulcana is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Spain and Morocco.The wingspan is 12-12.5 mm for males and 14 mm for females. The forewing ground colour is unicolorous yellowish white with concolorous fringe scales. The basal third of the costa is narrowly grey. The hindwings are grey above with paler yellowish grey fringe scales. The underside of both wings is dark grey with yellowish white fringe scales.
 Buccinaria teramachii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Turkestan cockroach (Blatta lateralis or Shelfordella lateralis in some classifications) also known as the rusty red cockroach red runner cockroach or simply rusty red red runner or lat is a primarily outdoor-dwelling cockroach native to an area from northern Africa to Central Asia. Adults measure around 3 cm (1.2 in) in length. Adult males are a brownish orange or red are slender and have long yellowish wings which allow it to fly.
 Benthomangelia bandella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Trixoscelis similis is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Racinoa maculifrons is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Strand in 1910. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Guinea.
 Gazella psolea is an unusual prehistoric species of gazelle that lived in Africa and Arabia; it is only known from fossils. It makes up the subgenus Deprezia due to its unique skull morphology: it had a long premolar row and its nasal area is peculiar with short nasal bones and a very large nasal opening. It therefore seems to have been able to breathe cold and dry air (a similar adaptation as found in the saiga) but why this feature evolved is still rather mysterious.
 Incurvaria vetulella is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia Russia Germany Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Austria Switzerland Slovenia Romania and Bulgaria. In the east the range extends to Japan.The wingspan is 16–21 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Vaccinium species including Vaccinium myrtillus and Vaccinium vitis-idaea.
 Hilarographa thaliarcha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Carposina achroana is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 The Chinese Pygmy Dormouse (Typhlomys cinereus) is a species of rodent of the Platacanthomyidae family. It is found in China and Vietnam.
 Cephalocladia is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Crocomela maxima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Bolivia.
 Perpheres is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Dingy Shears (Fissipunctia ypsillon) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe Morocco Algeria TurkeyRussia Caucasus Transcaucasia Iraq Iran Afghanistan Siberia Russian Far East)The wingspan is 32–42 mm. The length of the forewings is 15–19 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on willow and poplar.
 Pimelodella kronei is a species of three-barbeled catfish endemic to Brazil. Discovered by the German naturalist Sigismund Ernst Richard Krone it was the first troglobitic fish described in Brazil.
 Notarctia proxima the Mexican Tiger Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1844. It is found from south-eastern Oregon and southern Idaho to Nevada western Utah and California as well as in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 14–20 mm. Adults are sexually dimorphic. Females have reddish-pink hindwings while those are white in males. Adults are on wing from April to October in several generations per year.
 Diploprion bifasciatum known commonly as the Barred Soapfish or Two-banded soapfish among other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.The Barred Soapfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region.This species reaches a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in).
 Ocinebrina aciculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The zebra caterpillar is the larva of an American noctuid moth (Melanchra picta or Ceramica picta) that feeds on cabbages beets and other cultivated plants.The head thorax and forewings of adults are chestnut- or reddish-brown usually with purplish brown mottling on the wings. The whitish hind wings have pale brown margins. The abdomen is light gray.
 Diploria strigosa the symmetrical brain coral is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Faviidae. It occurs on reefs in shallow water in the West Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea. It grows slowly and lives to a great age.
 Schendylotis is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Auchmera is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1930 and contains the species A. falsalis. It is found in India.
 Dasychira colini is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is known from Madagascar and Senegal.The female has a wingspan of 52 mm. The wings are of pur and uniform white colour. Body is snow-white back of rings in palish yellow. Mabille named this species after the director of the Royal Observatory of Madagascar R.P.E. Colin.
 The Thyrididae comprise the family of picture-winged leaf moths. They are the only family in the superfamily Thyridoidea which sometimes has been included in the Pyraloidea but this is not supported by cladistic analysis.Most species live in the tropics and subtropics. There are 4 subfamilies. Their biology is little known. Thyridid specimens are rare in museum collections.
 Lepisosteus is a genus of gars in the family Lepisosteidae.The currently recognized species are: Lepisosteus oculatus Winchell 1864 (Spotted gar) Lepisosteus osseus Linnaeus 1758 (Longnose gar) Lepisosteus platostomus Rafinesque 1820 (Shortnose gar) Lepisosteus platyrhincus DeKay 1842 (Florida gar)Three species formerly classified in Lepisosteus (Tropical gar Cuban gar and Alligator gar) are now assigned to the genus Atractosteus.
 Carabus bessarabicus concretus is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Russia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan and Ukraine. They are blackish-gray coloured.
 Pilodeudorix tenuivittata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo from the north-eastern part of the country to the Ituri Forest. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Nozeba is a genus of very small somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae.
 The Hooded Treepie (Crypsirina cucullata) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is endemic to Burma.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.It has grey plumage apart from black head tail and flight feathers.
 Schultzidia is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae. It currently contains the following species: Schultzidia johnstonensis (L. P. Schultz & Woods 1949) (Johnston snake-eel) Schultzidia retropinnis (Fowler 1934) (Fringe-lipped worm-eel)
 Lischkeia miranda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Andriashevicottus megacephalus Andriyashev's largeheaded sculpin is a species of sculpin native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where it is only known from the Kuril Islands. It has been recovered at a depth of 100 metres (330 ft). This species grows to a length of 23.6 centimetres (9.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Brittle stars or ophiuroids are echinoderms in the class Ophiuroidea closely related to starfish. They crawl across the sea floor using their flexible arms for locomotion. The ophiuroids generally have five long slender whip-like arms which may reach up to 60 cm (24 in) in length on the largest specimens.
 Retrachydes thoracicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Retrachydes.
 The Pied Bush Chat (Saxicola caprata) is a small passerine bird found ranging from West Asia and Central Asia to the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. About sixteen subspecies are recognized through its wide range with many island forms. It is a familiar bird of countryside and open scrub or grassland where it is found perched at the top of short thorn trees or other shrubs looking out for insect prey.
 Triodia amasinus is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1851 and is known from Turkey Hungary Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Albania and Greece.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 The Water Pipit (Anthus spinoletta) is a small passerine bird which breeds in the mountains of southern Europe and southern temperate Asia across to China. It is a short-distance migrant moving to wet open lowlands such as marshes and flooded fields in winter.
 Euryphura is a butterfly genus in the subfamily Limenitidinae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
 Conus neptunus common name the Neptune cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Melinaea is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Orthetrum sagitta is a freshwater dragonfly species present in Africa. Its appearance is confirmed only in Sierra Leone the records from Chad Egypt Nigeria and Sudan appear as misidentification. The common name for this species is Arrow Skimmer.
 Cretazeus rinaldii is an extinct genus of fish from the Campanian epoch of Nardò Italy. It is the oldest known zeiform fish and cannot yet be placed in any family.
 Potamon fluviatile is a freshwater crab found in or near wooded streams rivers and lakes in Southern Europe. It is an omnivore with broad ecological tolerances and adults typically reach 50 mm (2 in) in size during their 10–12 year lifespan. They inhabit burrows and are aggressive apparently outcompeting native crayfish.P. fluviatile has been harvested for food since classical antiquity and is now threatened by overexploitation.
 Ectoedemia albibimaculella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to Italy.The wingspan is 5–6 mm.The larvae feed on Arctostaphylos uva-ursi. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a slender gallery that eventually enters a petiole from where it enters a bud. The larva hibernates in the bud that is eaten out in spring. Then the larva bores in a young shoot sometimes diverting into a leaf that then is completely mined out.
 The Mindanao Brown Dove (Phapitreron brunneiceps) is a threatened species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to forests on the Philippine islands of Mindanao and Basilan but it has not been recorded from the latter island since 1937. It is threatened by habitat loss and hunting. Until recently it was considered conspecific with the Tawitawi Brown Dove.
 Euproctillina is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Acrocercops insulella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the Dominican Republic. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1891.
 Amphelictus potiaiuba is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Uranothauma heritsia the Light Branded Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of sub-montane forests and wooded habitats.Adult males mud-puddle.The larvae feed on the young leaves of Bridelia micrantha.
 Bachman's Warbler (Vermivora bachmanii) is (or was) a small passerine bird that inhabits the swamps and lowland forests of the southeast United States. This warbler is a migrant wintering in Cuba. Bachman's Warbler is small for a warbler and is unique for its thin and decurved bill. It has strong sexual dimorphism. Adult males are olive above and yellow below with a black upper chest and forecrown giving them a distinctive look.
 Iridana tororo is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Uganda and western Kenya.
 Coloconger eximia is an eel in the family Colocongridae (worm eels/short-tail eels). It was described by Peter Henry John Castle in 1967 originally under the genus Ascomana. It is a marine deep-water dwelling eel which is known from Cape Peninsula South Africa in the southeastern Atlantic Ocean.
 Amata huebneri is a species of moth in the genus Amata of the family Arctiidae (wooly bears or Tiger moths). It is found from the Indo Australian Tropics to northern Australia.Adults are black with yellow bands across the abdomen and transparent windows in the wings. It is a wasp mimic.The larvae feed on Oryza sativa.
 Microcerculus is a genus of bird in the wren family Troglodytidae. It contains the following species: Wing-banded Wren (Microcerculus bambla) Southern Nightingale-Wren (Microcerculus marginatus) Northern Nightingale-Wren (Microcerculus philomela) Flutist Wren (Microcerculus ustulatus)
 The dusky antechinus (Antechinus swainsonii) also known as Swainson's antechinus or the dusky marsupial mouse is a species of small marsupial carnivore a member of the family Dasyuridae. It is found in Australia.
 The Andaman shrew or Andaman white-toothed shrew (Crocidura andamanensis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to India.
 Mychonoa is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Haemaphlebia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The umbrella conger Gnathophis umbrellabius is a conger of the family Congridae found on soft bottoms of the continental shelf of the southwest Pacific Ocean. Length is up to 45 cm.
 Teulisna harmani is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo Java and Bali. The habitat consists of upper montane forests.The length of the forewings is 11-12 mm for males and 12-14 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is straw suffused with darker brown and with a dark medial fascia.
 The Peacock Brenthia Moth (Brenthia pavonacella) is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in North America including Illinois Maryland Iowa Oklahoma and South Carolina. It has also been recorded from Mexico.The wingspan is about 9 mm. There are at least two generations per year in Illinois.The larvae feed on the underside of the leaflets of Desmodium species. They skeletonise the leaves of their host plant.
 Perdicella kuhnsi is a species of tropical tree-living air-breathing land snails arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Lestes ochraceus is a species of damselfly in the family Lestidae. Lestes ochraceus is found in several African countries. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Gastrotheca andaquiensis is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mordellistena maroccana is a species of beetles is the Mordellidae family.
 Hyposmocoma mystodoxa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Koolau Mountains near Honolulu.
 Dion is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Grey Arches (Polia nebulosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in temperate Europe and Asia up to eastern Asia and Japan. It is not present in northernmost Fennoscandia and the southern parts of the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Greece. In the Alps it is found on heights up to 1600 meters.The wingspan is 41–52 mm.
 Euscorpius is a genus of scorpions commonly called small wood-scorpions. It presently contains 17 species (but see below) and is the type genus of the family Euscorpiidae - long included in the Chactidae - and the subfamily Euscorpiinae.The most common members belong to the E. carpathicus species complex which makes up the subgenus Euscorpius.
 Trematocara stigmaticum is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL.
 The Yacare caiman (Caiman yacare jacaré in Portuguese) is a species of caiman found in central South America including northeastern Argentina Uruguay southeastern Peru eastern Bolivia central/south-west Brazil and the rivers of Paraguay. Approximately 10 million individual Yacare Caiman exist within the Brazilian Pantanal representing what is quite possibly the largest single crocodilian population on Earth.
 The Auckland Teal or Auckland Islands Teal (Anas aucklandica) is a species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas that is endemic to Auckland Islands south of New Zealand. The species was once found throughout the Auckland Islands but is now restricted to the islands that lack introduced predators: Adams Island Enderby Island Disappointment Island and a few smaller islands.
 The Seychelles bronze gecko (Ailuronyx seychellensis) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family endemic to Seychelles.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lycodon jara commonly known as the twin-spotted wolf snake is a species of colubrid snake. It is endemic to Asia.
 Nasunaris flata is an extinct ostracod which existed in the United Kingdom during the Silurian period. It was first named by David J. Siveter Derek E. G. Briggs Derek J. Siveter and Mark D. Sutton in 2010.
 The Kimberley rock monitor (Varanus glauerti) is a medium-sized species of monitor lizardsnative to Northern Australia. It is also known as Glauert's monitor and belongs to the subgenus Odatria. It grows up to 80 cm long half of its length is the long tail. It lives almost exclusively on rocky cliff faces but is found in humid forests. It is arboreal and prefers humid conditions.
 Lasionycta lagganata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is only known from three localities in south-western Canada: Banff and Waterton National Parks in Alberta and the Purcell Mountains in south-eastern British Columbia.It is diurnal and flies on fine shale scree slopes with sparse vegetation.Adults are on wing from mid-July to mid-August.
 Oxytrypia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Euaesthetinae Thomson 1859 is a subfamily of Staphylinidae (Coleoptera).
 Zetheumenidion is a small afrotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 5 species one of them with two recognized subspecies. The species are distributed through southern and eastern Africa.
 The Cameroon racer Poecilopholis cameronensis is a species of fangless venomous snake endemic to Africa. Poecilopholis is a monotypic genus created for this species.
 The Brazilian Slender Opossum Marmosops paulensis is an opossum species from South America. It is found in moist montane forest in the Atlantic Forest region of southeastern Brazil. Its breeding appears to be fully semelparous unusual for a mammal.
 Elachista ignicolor is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in eastern Queensland and New South Wales.The wingspan is 6-6.2 mm for males and 5.8-6.4 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings varies from orange brown to mottled brown. The hindwings are dark grey.The larvae feed on Imperata cylindrica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Pupation takes place in cocoon consisting of straight diagonal threads.
 The rock gunnel (Pholis gunnellus) is an eel-like fish found in the intertidal and subtidal zones of the North Atlantic. It is one of two species of gunnel native to the Atlantic Ocean the other being the banded gunnel. The rock gunnel is capable of remaining above the waterline at low tide and breathing air.
 Eupithecia zingiberiata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Forbes-Watson's Swift (Apus berliozi) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Kenya Somalia and Yemen.
 Monoplex nicobaricus common name Nicobar hairy triton is a species of medium-sized predatory sea snail a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae the tritons.
 The Marbled Wren-babbler (Napothera marmorata) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Bougainville Honeyeater (Stresemannia bougainvillei) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Stresemannia.It is endemic to Bougainville Island. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Mitra decurtata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Nassarius erythraeus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Canariella planaria is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to the north-eastern coastal area of the island of Tenerife in the Canary Islands.
 †Samoana inflata was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Hiva Oa and Tahuata in the Marquesas Islands. It is now extinct.
 Papilio syfanius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in China.
 The tree-kangaroo is a marsupial from the family Macropodidae (macropods meaning 'large foot') adapted for arboreal locomotion. They inhabit the tropical rainforests of New Guinea far northeastern Queensland and some of the islands in the region. Most tree-kangaroos are considered threatened due to hunting and habitat destruction. The tree-kangaroo is the only true arboreal member of the kangaroo family.
 The false serotine bat (Hesperoptenus doriae) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Malaysia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anthene fulvus the Red Forewing is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of wet forests.
 The Eulophidae are a large family of hymenopteran insects with over 4300 described species in some 300 genera. The family as presently defined also includes the genus Elasmus which was previously treated as a separate family Elasmidae and is now treated as a subfamily of Eulophidae. These minute insects are challenging to study as they deteriorate rapidly after death unless extreme care is taken (e.g. preservation in ethanol) making identification of most museum specimens difficult.
 Ceromitia gigantea is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Eulima augustoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Amphelictus astales is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Pacific saury Cololabis saira is a member of the family Scomberesocidae. This saury which is a food source in some East Asian cuisines is also known by the name mackerel pike.
 Nerita polita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Enlinia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Lord Clifden (1860 – 7 February 1875) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He was undefeated as a two-year-old including wins in the Woodcote Stakes and Champagne Stakes. As a three-year-old he was just beaten by a short-head in the Derby before winning the St. Leger later in the season despite being 100 yards behind the rest of the field at one point in the race.
 Gelechia flavipalpella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa.
 The Goliath Birdwing (Ornithoptera goliath) is a birdwing butterfly found in New Guinea. It is the second largest butterfly in the world after the Queen Alexandra's birdwing.
 Hilarographa batychtra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 The Blue-browed Tanager (Tangara cyanotis) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Otiorhynchus ovatus also called the Strawberry Root Weevil is one of the many species in the weevil family (Curculionidae). Its name comes from its affinity for strawberry plants which form a large part of its diet. They are however known to feed on other plants as well. It is known to be one of the major pests threatening sub-tropical strawberry farming.
 Hemiliostraca clarimaculosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Chrysolina herbacea also known as the Mint Leaf Beetle is a species of beetle in the family Chrysomelidae.
 Cosmosoma achemon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1781. It is found from the Antilles to Brazil (Santarem).
 Turbonilla bakeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acontias meleagris the Cape legless skink is a species of skink found in the southern Cape of South Africa. It has no limbs like most members of the subfamily Acontinae.Its slender tube-shaped body is golden-brown with tiny black spots. These spots fuse into longitudinal stripes in some specimens. It is usually found burrowing in dry sand as well as beneath boulders dead trees and other detritus. It gives birth to 2–4 young in summer.
 Coleophora neobagorella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.
 Chetone hydra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1871. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Ligonipes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The six described species are found in the Australian region. Their body form mimics ants.L. semitectus is a very common spider in Queensland Australia. Males are 4 mm long females 5 mm. There has been no information about L. similis (formerly in genus Rhombonotus) since its original description in 1882.
 The northern red anemone or dahlia anemone (Urticina felina) is a marine invertebrate found in the north Atlantic Ocean the North Sea and the Baltic Sea. Synonyms include Tealia crassicornis (Müller 1776) Tealia felina (Linnaeus 1761) and Urticina crassicornis (Müller 1776). The colour is variable. The sea anemone lives attached to rock on the seabed from the lower tidal limit down to a depth of 100 m and also attached to other organisms.
 Yunnanilus bajiangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 Aetheolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric freshwater bony fish that lived during the Jurassic epoch on Australia. Fossilized remains of Aetheopelpis have been found on the Colalura Sandstone.
 Helophilus affinis is a European hoverfly.
 Proteuxoa epiplecta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Zotheca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hovala saclavus is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lepidochrysops desmondi Desmond’s Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-western Kenya Tanzania northern Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland.Both sexes are attracted to flowers. Adults are on wing year round with a peak in November.
 The Rufous-Breasted Sabrewing (Campylopterus hyperythrus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Brazil Guyana and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Apamea robertsoni is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It was described from Southern California in 2006.
 Anarsia protensa is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Park in 1995. It is found in Japan (Honshu Kyushu) and Taiwan.The wingspan is about 15 mm.The larvae feed on Elaeagnus pungens.
 Amakusaplana acroporae the Acropora-eating flatworm or AEFW is a species of free-living marine turbellarian flatworms in the genus Amakusaplana.This species preys on the genus Acropora in reef aquariums.
 Blasiaceae is a family of liverworts with only two species: Blasia pusilla (a circumboreal species) and Cavicularia densa (found only in Japan). The family has traditionally been classified among the Metzgeriales but molecular cladistics suggests a placement at the base of the Marchantiopsida.
 Xanadoses is a genus of moth in the family Cecidosidae.
 Leptadrillia cinereopellis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Klinzigidia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ebodina is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Parectopa undosa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Haiti and the Virgin Islands (Saint Thomas).
 Spilarctia grandimacula is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and Suhartawan in 2011. It is found in Papua and Papua New Guinea. It has been recorded from the Central Mountains in western Papua east into Papua New Guinea.
 Mason bee is a common name for species of bees in the genus Osmia of the family Megachilidae. They are named from their habit of making compartments of mud in their nests which are made in hollow reeds or holes in wood made by wood-boring insects.Species of the genus include the orchard mason bee Osmia lignaria the blueberry bee O. ribifloris and the hornfaced bee O. cornifrons. The former two are native to the Americas and the latter to Japan although O. lignaria and O.
 Synanthedon pauper is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 Blaniulus lichtensteini is a species of millipede in the Blaniulidae family that is endemic to France.
 The Blue-tailed Bee-eater (Merops philippinus) is a near passerine bird in the bee-eater family Meropidae. It breeds in southeastern Asia. It is strongly migratory seen seasonally in much of peninsular India.This species is sometimes considered to be conspecific with the Blue-cheeked Bee-eater M. persicus.This species like other bee-eaters is a richly coloured slender bird.
 Sfitakantha is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Sfitakantha impressa (Schmidt-Goebel 1846) Sfitakantha reflexa Andrewes 1937↑
 The Fiery-necked Nightjar (Caprimulgus pectoralis) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family which occurs in Africa south of the equator. It ranges from coastal Kenya southwards to the southern regions of Tanzania the D.R.C. and Angola to Malawi Mozambique Botswana Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its distinctive and frequently uttered call is rendered as 'good-lord-deliver-us'. Its near relative the Black-shouldered Nightjar replaces it in the tropics.
 Optivus is a fish genus from the family Trachichthyidae. Members of this genus are found from near the surface to depths of 320 m (1050 ft) in the southwest Pacific Ocean off Australia (O. agastos & O. agrammus) and New Zealand (O. elongatus).
 Emily's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys emilianus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is endemic to Argentina.
 The White-winged Scoter (Melanitta deglandi or Melanitta fusca deglandi) is a large sea duck.
 Protodiaspidina is a subtribe of armored scale insects.
 Acropyga acutiventris is an ant in the Formicinae subfamily. It lives underground in tropical regions and forms a mutualistic association with the mealybug Xenococcus annandalei.
 Rhyacichthys is a genus of fish belonging to the family Rhyacichthyidae.
 Chloroclystis naga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Naga Hills).
 Uromedina is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Asthena livida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Gymnobela mitrodeta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Tradouw's Mountain Toad (Capensibufo tradouwi) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to South Africa.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation temperate grassland rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hoplolaimidae is a family of plant pathogenic nematodes. It has two subfamilies Hoplolaiminae and Rotylenchulinae. Typically hoplolaimids are ecto- or semi endoparasites of higher plants.
 The spotted gurnard Pterygotrigla picta is a searobin of the family Triglidae found in the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths between 200 and 500 m. Its length is up to 35 cm.
 Petrochromis fasciolatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer rocky substrates where they can graze. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Calliophis melanurus commonly known as the Indian coral snake is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to the Indian subcontinent. Two subspecies are recognized including the nominotypical subspecies.
 Varicorhinus is a genus of cyprinid fish that is found in Africa. There are currently 37 species in this genus.
 Loxostege turbidalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Norway the Benelux and the Iberian Peninsula. It has also been recorded from Russia Turkey China and Japan.The wingspan is 28–33 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on Artemisia species.
 Scortum is a genus of fish in the family Terapontidae the grunters.Species include:Scortum barcoo - Barcoo grunterScortum hillii - leathery grunterScortum neili - Neil's grunter Scortum parviceps - small-headed grunter↑
 Leona stoehri the Confused Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Cameroon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Erhaia is a genus of small to minute freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Amnicolidae.Erhaia is the type genus of the tribe Erhaiini which is now a synonym of the subfamily Amnicolinae.Erhaia (also within the tribe Erhaiini) was originally described as a genus within the Pomatiopsidae in 1985 but Wilke et al. (2000 2001) moved it to the Amnicolidae.
 Wadeichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Lakeland Downs Mouse (Leggadina lakedownensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Australia.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 The granulated catfish (Pterodoras granulosus) is a species of thorny catfish found in the Paraná and Amazon basin as well as the coastal drainages of Suriname and Guyana. This species is commercially caught for human consumption as well as being displayed in public aquaria.
 Cyclocoeloma is a genus of crabs in the family Majidae containing the single species Cyclocoeloma tuberculata. Cyclocoeloma tuberculata is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region. Many spider crabs cover their bodies to camouflage themselves from potential predators especially during the day; C. tuberculata fixes sea anemones of the family Discosomatidae to its carapace and soft corals of the family Xeniidae to its legs.
 Eumicrodynerus is a palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 Lopharcha angustior is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in eastern Java and Taiwan.
 The Sunset Daggerwing (Marpesia furcula) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Central America and South America from Nicaragua to Bolivia and Argentina. The habitat consists of evergreen rainforests at altitudes up to 1400 meters.There are two distinct forms the orange form oechalia and the form iole which has an intense iridescent purple sheen overlaying the golden orange basal area.
 Dhysores is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dhysores basilewskyi (Brinck 1965) Dhysores biimpressus R.T. & J.R. Bell 1985 Dhysores liber R.T. & J.R. Bell 1979 Dhysores pan R.T. & J.R. Bell 1979 Dhysores quadriimpressus (Grouvelle 1910) Dhysores rhodesianus (Brinck 1965) Dhysores thoreyi (Grouvelle 1903)↑
 Amata vicarians is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found on Borneo.
 Yucatania sphaeroidocladus is a only one species of demosponge belonging to the genus Yucatania.
 Otodontidae is an extinct family of sharks belonging to the order Lamniformes. They lived from the Paleocene to the Pliocene and included genera such as Carcharocles and Otodus.There is the possibility that if the Carcharocles sharks derived from Otodus then Cretolamna would belong in this group. Some species of odontids reached huge sizes including the possible member Megalodon.
 Coleophora adjectella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Scandinavia to Spain Sardinia Sicily and Greece and from Great Britain to Poland and Slovakia.The wingspan is 9–10 mm.The larvae feed on Crataegus species Prunus domestica and Prunus spinosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The first larval case is constructed from a cut out area of an oval mine in the centre of the leaf. The second and third cases are cut out of a mine along the leaf margin.
 Thalassocyon wareni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ficidae the fig shells.
 Bucculatrix alaternella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in France Spain and Portugal.The wingspan is about 9 mm.The larvae feed on Rhamnus alaternus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a slender tortuous gallery. The frass is deposited in the gallery and the larval chamber. Later larvae live freely on the leaf causing window feeding. Larvae can be found from October to November.
 Caenopedina alanbakeri is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Caenopedina alanbakeri was first scientifically described in 1989 by Rowe.
 Kessleria wehrlii is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in France.The length of the forewings is 8.1-9.5 mm for males and 6.2 mm for females. The forewings are white with greyish scales. The hindwings are light grey. Adults have been recorded in July.The larvae possibly feed on Saxifraga retusa.
 Cheiracanthium angulitarse is a spider species found in Europe.
 Homoeocera rhodocera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama.
 The Cabbage Webworm or Old World Webworm (Hellula undalis) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is a widespread species which is found from Europe across Asia to the Pacific. It was first described from Italy.The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adult moths have fawn forewings each with sinuous pale lines and a kidney-shaped mark. The hindwings are a uniform grey darkening at the margins.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants mainly of the Brassicaceae family.
 Leptodactylus plaumanni is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil and possibly Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gomphus lucasii is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Algeria and Tunisia. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Parasanaa donovani is large bush-cricket found in India and various countries in Southeast Asia.This insect has also been called Typhoptera donovani Gryllus donovani and Capnoptera donovani. The species was described by Donovan in 1834.
 Drepatelodes is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 Phyllometra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mosasaurinae (Gervais 1853; Williston 1897) is a subfamily of mosasaurs a diverse group of Late Cretaceous marine squamates.Russell (1967 pp. 123–124) defined the Mosasurinae as differing from all other mosasaurs as follows: Small rostrum present or absent anterior to premaxillary teeth. Fourteen or more teeth present in dentary and maxilla. Cranial nerves X XI and XII leave lateral wall of opisthotic through two foramina.
 Sphaerotheca swani is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Nepal.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 For the Native American author of the same name see Mourning Dove (author)The Mourning Dove (Zenaida macroura) is a member of the dove family (Columbidae). The bird is also called the Turtle Dove or the American Mourning Dove or Rain Dove and formerly was known as the Carolina Pigeon or Carolina Turtledove. It is one of the most abundant and widespread of all North American birds.
 Antheraea jana is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in Sundaland Andamans and Burma.
 The Lesser Grass Finch (Emberizoides ypiranganus) also known as the Grey-cheeked Grass-finch is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae; it was formerly placed in the Emberizidae. It is found in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and swamps.
 The bumpy rocket frog or Peters' frog (Litoria inermis) is an abundant species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to northern Australia south to Maryborough Queensland.
 Buteogallus borrasi is an extinct species of giant buteonine hawk formerly endemic to Cuba. It probably fed on megafauna.It was so huge compared to other Buteogallus that it was long believed to be a titan-hawk (Titanohierax also extinct) or even an Aquila eagle. No proper common name exists due to this misconception.
 Erelieva parvulella is a species of snout moths in the genus Erelieva. It was described by Ely in 1910. It is found in North America including Illinois and Tennessee.
 Phyllonorycter anchistea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa and Botswana. The habitat consists of savannah or semi-urban areas with low growing trees and bush vegetation.The length of the forewings is 2.5–3.3 mm. The forewing ground colour is ochreous with blackish fuscous markings. The hindwings are pale grey with a long pale fuscous fringe which is of a slightly darker shading than the hindwing.
 Triodus is an extinct genus of xenacanthidan shark that lived in the Permian. It was a freshwater shark and fossils have been found in Germany.
 Hyposmocoma chloraula is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The type locality is Summit Camp.The larvae feed on Astelia species. They bore in dead stems of their host.
 Potanthus pseudomaesa commonly known as the Indian Dart Common Dart or Pseudomaesa Dart is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.The larvae are known to feed on Axonopus compressus.
 Cryptodaphne rugosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cardinalfishes are a family Apogonidae of ray-finned fishes found in the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans; they are chiefly marine but some species are found in brackish water and a few (notably Glossamia) are found in fresh water. A handful of species are kept in the aquarium and are popular as small peaceful and colourful fish. They are generally small fish with most species being less than 10 cm (3.9 in) and are often brightly coloured.
 Calathus fracassii is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Italy.
 Acrolophus goniocentra is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Tytler's Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus tytleri) is a songbird species. Like all leaf warblers it was formerly placed in the Old World warbler assemblage but now belongs to the new leaf-warbler family Phylloscopidae.It is found in Afghanistan Pakistan Nepal and the India. It passes through the Western Himalayas to winter in southern India particularly in the Western Ghats and the Nilgiris.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Coptotriche roseticola is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Frey and Boll in 1873. It is found in Ohio.The larvae feed on Rosa setigera. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Eucosma saussureana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Fennoscandia.The wingspan is 18–20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Saussurea alpina.
 Pheosia is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Ceromitia mellicoma is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Gulella is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. Until recently species which are now in the genus Costigulella were included here.
 Microgenia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Morula ambrosia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Yellow-bibbed Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus solomonensis) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Indonesia Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Common names: Southern Pacific rattlesnake black diamond rattlesnake more.Crotalus oreganus helleri is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in southwestern California and south into Baja California Mexico.
 Basiprionota decempustulata is a species of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family. This species occurs in Indonesia. Host plants include Clerodendrum species (Verbenaceae).
 The Northern Thallophaga (Thallophaga hyperborea) is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in British Columbia.The wingspan is 30–37 millimetres (1.2–1.5 in). The moths fly from April to May depending on the location.The larvae feed on Western Hemlock Douglas fir Red cedar and other Firs. The moth is also recorded on Willow and Alder as well as other Conifers.
 Scalidognathus is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae.
 Bastilla hamatilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Manduca stuarti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia.It can be distinguished from all other Manduca species by the pattern and structure. There is no lateral yellow patch found on the abdomen underside but there are intensely coloured patches present on the more distal segments.Adults have been recorded from October to December.
 Xestia bolteri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from North America including Arizona New Mexico Utah and Colorado.The wingspan is about 35 mm.
 Parapsallus vitellinus is a species of plant bug belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Phylinae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania Andorra Greece Lithuania Norway all states of former Yugoslavia and various European and African islands.
 Nebria laticollis maritima is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to France.
 Dismorphia niepelti is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is 56–58 mm (2.2–2.3 in).
 Eupithecia extrinseca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shensi).
 Sixties Icon (foaled 14 February 2003) is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire. In a career which lasted from April 2006 until November 2008 he ran seventeen times and won eight races. He recorded his most important victory when winning the Classic St. Leger Stakes as a three-year-old. He won five other Group Races before being retired to stud.
 Cymothoe beckeri Becker’s Creamy Yellow Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.Females mimic toxic day-flying moths such as Oetroeda planax and Nytemera hesperia. Both sexes feed on fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Macaranga and Caloncoba species.
 Hyposmocoma quadripunctata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Acromyrmex silvestrii is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini.
 Spilosoma metaleuca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1905. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Eritrea Nigeria and Sudan.
 The Black-cheeked Waxbill or Red-rumped Waxbill (Estrilda charmosyna) is a common species of estrildid finch found in east Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 400000 km².It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan and Tanzania. The status of the species is evaluated as Least Concern.
 The Brown-line Bright-eye (Mythimna conigera) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe and there is a disjunct population in the Sind Valley Kashmir named subspecies angulifera (Moore 1881)The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses including Dactylis glomerata and Elymus repens.
 Prionella beauvoisii is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Prionella of the family Ulidiidae.
 Cochranella orejuela is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Proathorybia athorybia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 The Sacramento blackfish Orthodon microlepidotus is a cyprinid fish of central California. It is the sole member of its genus.Blackfish are distinctive for their overall dark color (thus the common name). Younger individuals are more silvery but darken as they age. The scales are unusually small counting 90-114 along the lateral line. The forehead has a straight-line profile the eyes are smallish and the terminal mouth slants upwards.
 Mixodectidae or mixodectids (from Greek μιξο mixo mixed and δεκτες dektes biter) is an extinct family of insectivore placental mammals in the order Dermoptera. The Mixodectids originated in the late Cretaceous and survived into the Paleocene in Europe and North America.
 Hyriidae is a taxonomic family of pearly freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the order Unionoida. This family is native to South America Australia New Zealand and New Guinea. Like all members of that order they go through a larval stage that is parasitic on fish (see glochidium). The classification recognized by Banarescu (1990) uses three subfamilies. This family contains eighteen genera.
 Geckos are lizards belonging to the infraorder Gekkota found in warm climates throughout the world. They range from 1.6 to 60 cm. Most geckos cannot blink but they often lick their eyes to keep them clean and moist. They have a fixed lens within each iris that enlarges in darkness.Geckos are unique among lizards in their vocalizations. They use chirping sounds in social interactions with other geckos.
 Dinopium is a genus of birds in the Picidae family. It contains the following species: Olive-backed Woodpecker Dinopium rafflesii Himalayan Flameback Dinopium shorii Common Flameback Dinopium javanense Spot-throated Flameback Dinopium everetti Black-rumped Flameback Dinopium benghalense Sri Lanka Black-rumped Flameback Dinopium (benghalense) psarodes
 Microdynerus is a Holarctic genus of small potter wasps.
 Metaxytherium is an extinct genus of dugong that lived from the Miocene to the Pleistocene. Its remains have been found in Africa Asia Europe North America and South America.
 Peucetia is a genus of lynx spiders that is found worldwide.While P. viridana is found only in India and Myanmar the similar named P. viridans (Green Lynx Spider) occurs only from the southern USA to Venezuela.The only Peucetia species to occur in the United States apart from P. viridans (which occurs in the south from coast to coast) is P. longipalpis which occurs in the southwestern US to Belize.
 Oxycanus snelleni is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Ideorhipistena occipitalis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Ideorhipistena.
 Ethminolia nektonica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 The Istar Sphinx Moth (Lintneria istar) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in mountains and pine-oak woodlands from southern Arizona east to southern Texas and south through Mexico to Guatemala.The wingspan is 102–114 mm. The upperside of the forewings is dark gray with brown tinges and a series of narrow dashes and a black band. The upperside of the hindwing is black with two white bands.Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on Salvia species.
 Eutrepsia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The common name of Erimystax insignis is the blotched chub. It is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee.
 The Ilbandornis were ostrich-sized birds with more slender legs than other Dromornithids. The large bill of other species like Bullockornis and Dromornis indicates a carnivorous creature while the gizzard and amino acid analysis of the eggs of Genyornis indicates Ilbandornis was herbivorous. As yet the diet is in debate. Both species were found at the same locality in the Northern Territory at Alcoota Station and dated to the Late Miocene.
 Clathrosepta becki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Heliothis conifera is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Sclerocona is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. It contains only one species Sclerocona acutella which is found from Spain and Sicily north to Great Britain and Denmark and east to Siberia Japan and China. It is an introduced species in eastern North America.The wingspan is 25–28 mm. Adults are light brown.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Zea Lycopersicon Humulus Phragmites and Phaseolus species.
 Leptonotus blainvilleanus (the deep-bodied pipefish) is a pipefish in the family Syngnathidae (seahorses and pipefishes). These benthic fishes are found in estuaries and coastal waters of South America from southern Brazil in the Atlantic Ocean to southern Chile in the Pacific Ocean. They have been found swimming vertically among algae for camouflage.
 Stagnicola elodes is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 Pseudocharis sanguiceps is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Panama.
 The Cameroon sailfin chameleon Trioceros montium is a species of chameleon endemic to Cameroon. It has a very unusual appearance.
 Acrolophus subfusca is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Eleutherodactylus gualteri is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Alforjas is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America during the Miocene through Pliocene 10.30—5.3 mya existing for approximately 5 million years.
 Chrysotoxum festivum is a species of hoverfly.
 Carenzia carinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Quadrus is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Lima colorata zealandica is a subspecies of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae.
 Bryconamericus is a genus of characins found in Central and South America with 76 currently recognized species:
 Albanosmilus is an extinct genus of the family Barbourofelidae.It was previously thought to be constituents of the feliform Nimravidae family of false sabre-toothed cats. It was assigned to Barbourofelinae by Bryant (1991).It lived during Middle and Upper Miocene in Europe Asia and North America. Albanosmilus was comparatively more bulky and muscular than today's large cats such as the tiger and probably resembled a bear-like lion.
 The Scarlet-thighed Dacnis (Dacnis venusta) is a tanager 4¾ long. It is found in Costa Rica Colombia Ecuador and Panama.
 Horace's Duskywing (Erynnis horatius) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Massachusetts west to eastern South Dakota south through most of the eastern United States to Florida the Gulf Coast and southern Texas south in the west through south-eastern Utah Colorado north-eastern Arizona and New Mexico. Fringes are brown. Upperside of male forewing is dark brown with little contrast and no white overscaling.
 Enyocera is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The ashy roundleaf bat (Hipposideros cineraceus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae found in India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Pakistan Thailand and Viet Nam.
 Penaeoidea is the larger of the two superfamilies of prawns. It comprises eight families three of which are known only from fossils.
 Mirosternus pusillus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Hirtobrasilianus seabrai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Long-whiskered Owlet (Xenoglaux loweryi) is a tiny owl that is endemic to a small area in the Andean mountains in Amazonas and San Martín in northern Peru. It is restricted to cloud forests with dense undergrowth and epiphytes at about 1890–2200 meters (6200–7220 ft) above sea level.The Long-whiskered Owlet is mainly brown with a whitish belly and eyebrow. The large eyes are orange-brown.
 Robinsonia mera is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Moschoneura is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae. It contains only one species the Pinthous Mimic White (Moschoneura pinthous) which is found in northern South America.Adults mimic Scada karschina and other Ithomiini species.
 The Stenotritidae are the smallest of all formally recognized bee families with only 21 species in two genera all of them restricted to Australia. Historically they were generally considered to belong in the family Colletidae but the stenotritids are presently considered their sister taxon and deserving of family status.
 Acrolophus harmoniella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Phycothais texturata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Adenomera andreae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rural gardens and urban areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lophoceps is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Hemifusus zhangyii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melongenidae the crown conches and their allies.
 The Sierra Madre ground squirrel (Callospermophilus madrensis) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family. It is endemic to the Sierra Madre Occidental in northern Mexico. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Redonda is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae. The genus is endemic from the Páramos in the Cordillera de Mérida in Venezuela in northern South America. Known species and subspecies are separated in distinct mountain ranges. Females in the genus are smaller than males and there is some degree of wing deformation in females of R. bordoni which might point to incipient brachyptery in this species. There are at least one additional unnamed subspecies of R.
 Bombyx mandarina the Wild Silkmoth is an insect from the moth family Bombycidae. It is the closest relative of Bombyx mori the Domesticated Silkmoth or silkworm (properly this refers to the caterpillars only). Unlike the domesticated relative which is unable to fly or indeed persist outside human care the Wild Silkmoth is a fairly ordinary lepidopteran.
 The Short-tailed Emerald (Chlorostilbon poortmani) is a species of hummingbird found in the Andes of Colombia and Venezuela. It has also been called Poortman's Emerald Hummingbird.The binomial name was given by Jules Bourcier (1797-1873) a French naturalist and expert on hummingbirds.
 Mordellistena fallaciosa is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1970 by Ermisch.
 Polymitia eximipalpella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cyprus Turkey Israel Jordan Afghanistan Iran Iraq Saudi Arabia Syria Tajikistan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Decinea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Puntius dorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
 Bipunctiphorus pelzi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Ecuador.The wingspan is 15-16 mm. Adults are on wing in June September and December.
 Caecum pascuanum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Bulimulus tortuganus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sciodrepoides alpestris is a species of beetle in the Leiodidae family that can be found in such European countries as Austria Belarus Bosnia and Herzegovina Czech Republic Finland Italy Poland Romania Slovakia and Oriental region.
 Prochoreutis ultimana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from Sweden Finland the Baltic States and northern Russia to Japan.The wingspan is 10–11 mm.
 Aethes kindermanniana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sardinia and in Denmark Germany France Spain Italy Switzerland Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Poland Hungary Romania Norway Sweden Finland the Baltic region Ukraine Russia. and Asia Minor. It has also been recorded from North America.The wingspan is 13-17 mm.
 Praemordella martynovi is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Praemordella.
 Trypeta inaequalis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Mordellistena elegantula is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1882 by Smith.
 Ogdoconta moreno is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is only known from southern Arizona although its distribution likely extends into Mexico.The length of the forewings is 10–14 mm. Adults vary from brown to gray. Both the reniform and orbicular spots of the forewing are represented by contrasting light patches devoid of any defining lines or spots. The orbicular spot touches the antemedial line. The antemedial line is angled with the outward apex occurring just below the orbicular spot.
 The Spectacled Tetraka (Xanthomixis zosterops) is a species of Malagasy warbler in the Bernieridae family. It is found only in Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ancillina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Olividae.
 Compsodrillia opaca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Euthria vandae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Xylophanes xylobotes is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.It is similar to Xylophanes ceratomioides but paler and all three dorsal abdominal lines are evenly narrow and continuous. The black apical line of the antenna is very short. The forewing upperside is also very similar in general pattern to Xylophanes ceratomioides but the ground colour is pale brown and the black pattern elements are less extensive.
 Sir Bevys (1876–1896) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1878 to 1879 he ran six times and won two races. His most important success came in the 1879 Epsom Derby: his only other win was in a selling race. At the end of the 1879 season he was retired to stud where he had little success.
 Donax variabilis is a species of mollusc found on the east coast of the United States from Virginia to the Caribbean. Its common name is coquina.It has a small shell that is usually colorful. It can be found alive in the sand where the waves come up in between waves. Some people collect the shells to use them for crafts or for decorative purposes. They are edible.
 Nemophora molella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in France Hungary Romania and Russia.
 Schrankia obstructalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Limnaecia anisodesma is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Odostomia bachia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The crocodile shark (Pseudocarcharias kamoharai) is a species of mackerel shark and the only member of the family Pseudocarchariidae. A specialized inhabitant of the mesopelagic zone the crocodile shark can be found worldwide in tropical waters from the surface to a depth of 590 m (1940 ft). It performs a diel vertical migration staying below a depth of 200 m (660 ft) during the day and ascending into shallower water at night to feed.
 Branchinella simplex is a species of crustacean in the family Thamnocephalidae. It is endemic to Australia.
 Valvata sincera common name the mossy valvata is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae the valve snails.
 Onchidella pachyderma is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Ahamus menyuanicus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Chu and Wang in 1985 and is known from Qinghai China.
 Sparodus is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Gymnarthridae.
 Leptocaris is a genus of copepods in the family Darcythompsoniidae. One species the Mexican endemic L. stromatolicolus is included on the IUCN Red List as a vulnerable species. The genus contains the following species:
 Eurypodea is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Scotura aeroptera is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 12.5-13.0 mm for males and 15.5 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is creamy bronze in the basal half and bronzy gray in the outer half. The ground color of the hindwings is glossy charcoal gray.The larvae feed on Genipa americana
 Mascarenhia subappendiculata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Mascarenhia.
 D'Albertis' ringtail possum (Pseudochirops albertisii) is a species of marsupial in the Pseudocheiridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Tentax malleus is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia (it was described from northern Sumatra).The wingspan is 10-11.5 mm. The head labial palps patagia thorax tegulae and forewing (including fringes) are beige and reddish brown. The basal costal patch and upper quadrangular medial area of the forewing are blackish brown the latter inside with a black dot. The abdomen is reddish brown.
 Emmetrophysis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Helcystogramma augusta is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1911. It is known from northeastern India.
 Nectarinia is a genus of bird in the sunbird family Nectariniidae. What species belong to it has been highly contentious for many decades. Towards the late 20th century the dominant trend was to use it to group all typical sunbirds. More recently many taxonomists have adopted the view to divide the Nectarinia into many genera although some still lump them.
 The Wutinoceratidae is a family of early actinocerids defined by Shimazu and Obata in 1938 for actinocerids with thick connecting rings and a complex irregular canal system.
 Echimys is a genus of spiny rat. Members of the genus are collectively called spiny tree-rats as they are arboreal and have pronounced spines.
 The Southern spearnose poacher (Agonopsis sterletus) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1898.
 Scardinius graecus also called the Greek rudd or Yliki rudd is a species of cyprinid fish only known from a single lake Lake Yliki in Greece. The other known population in Lake Paralimni disappeared after the lake had been drained. This fish is classified as critically endangered.
 Eupithecia breviculata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Mediterranean region Switzerland Hungary the Near East and North Africa. It is also found in Iran and Turkmenistan.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to June and again from July to August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on the flowers of Peucedanum and Pimpinella species. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 Aletia is a genus of Owlet moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ruler of the World (foaled 17 March 2010) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Epsom Derby in 2013. Ruler of the World was unraced as a two-year-old. In 2013 he won a maiden race at the Curragh and the Group Three Chester Vase before winning the Derby on his third appearance.
 The family Peramuridae is a possible ancestor of early therians. The only certain representative (Peramus) lived in the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous.
 Drasteria hastingsii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south to Oregon and California.It was formerly known as a subspecies of Drasteria mirifica.
 Scopula unilineata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 Scartichthys variolatus is a species of combtooth blenny found around islands in the southeast Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 16.3 centimetres (6.4 in) SL.
 Eucereon pica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro) Costa Rica and Peru.
 Cycloptilum is a genus of insect in family Gryllidae. It contains the following species: Cycloptilum irregularis
 Xeranoplium is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Xeranoplium bicolor Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Xeranoplium flavofemoratum Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Xeranoplium gracilis Fisher 1932 Xeranoplium peninsulare Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Xeranoplium pubescens Chemsak & Giesbert 1986 Xeranoplium puncticolle Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Xeranoplium ruficolle Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Xeranoplium tricallosum (Knull 1938)↑
 Millerigobius macrocephalus is a species of goby native to coastal waters of the Adriatic Sea the Levant Sea the western Mediterranean and the Aegean Sea where it occurs in lagoons and shallow inshore waters to about 4 metres (13 ft) in depth with stones to provide shelter. This species can reach a length of 4.3 centimetres (1.7 in) SL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Harutaeographa rubida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal and northern India(Sikkim).
 Abronia graminea is an endangered arboreal alligator lizard described in 1864 by Cope.This species is endemic to the highlands of the states of Veracruz and adjacent Puebla Mexico.It is considered to be moderately common and is regularly recorded but its abundance is decreasing.Animals inhabit bromeliads in the canopy of montane pine-oak and cloud forest.It seems unlikely that this species can be found in degraded habitat.This is a viviparous species.The species is threatened by deforestation and degradation of habitat largely through the conversion of land to agricultural use. 
 Ischnocampa lugubris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in southern Brazil.
 Scalmatica are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Parens melli is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in China (it was described from Fusan).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are beige with a dark terminal area and fringes. There are six black costal dots. The crosslines are light brown and indistinct except the terminal line which is marked with black intervenal dots. The fringes are black. The hindwings are grey throughout with an indistinct discal spot.
 Tortricosia classeyi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo.The length of the forewings is about 8 mm.
 Synanthedon stenothyris is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The least groove-toothed swamp rat (Pelomys minor) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia.Its natural habitat is moist savanna.
 Hemiculter krempfi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemiculter.
 Madeuplexia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family from Madagascar.
 Rhectosemia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Philippine Tailless Leaf-nosed Bat (Coelops hirsutus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Common names: peninsular worm snake.Typhlops pammeces is a harmless blind snake species found in southern India. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Brown Fantail (Rhipidura drownei) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family.It is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
 Calophasia sinaica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eremic parts of Africa extending north to the Levant (here it has been recorded from the Arabian Peninsula the Sinai in Egypt and Israel).Adults are on wing from October to March. There is one generation per year.
 Przewalski's steppe lemming (Eolagurus przewalskii) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.It is found in China and Mongolia.
 Forficula tomis is a species of earwigs.
 The Vestal (Rhodometra sacraria) is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 Gnathocera varians is a species of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 Eulima definita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Ozyptila furcula is a crab spider species found in Spain France and the Balearic Islands.
 The Fell pony is a versatile working breed of mountain and moorland pony originating in the north of England in Cumberland and Westmorland (Cumbria) and Northumberland. It was originally bred on the fell farms of northwest England and is used as a riding and driving pony. The breed is closely related to its geographic neighbour the Dales pony but is a little smaller and more ponylike in build. The Fell pony is noted for hardiness agility strength and sure-footedness.
 The Columbia River redband trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss gairdneri) is one of three redband trout subspecies of the rainbow trout in the Salmonidae family. Native in the Columbia River and its tributaries in Montana Oregon Washington and Idaho. Anadromous forms are known as redband steelhead.
 Acrocercops orbifera is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Tamil Nadu India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1908.
 The red-necked pond turtle (Mauremys nigricans) is a species of turtles in the Geoemydidae family endemic to China.
 Clathrina sinusarabica is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Egypt.
 The pale-edged stingray or sharpnose stingray (Dasyatis zugei) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans from India to the western Malay Archipelago and southern Japan. This bottom-dwelling ray is most commonly found over sandy areas shallower than 100 m (330 ft) as well as in estuaries.
 Onchidella monodi is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Odostomia murdochi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cecina is a genus of sea snails which have a gill and an operculum gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.They live in shallow waters in littoral and supralittoral habitats.
 Hastulopsis loisae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Fraus tedi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to Victoria South Australia Tasmania and Western Australia.
 Epicephalites is a perisphictid ammonite included in the subfamily Aulacostephaninae from the Upper Jurassic of New Zealand and Mexico related to Involuticeras. Its shell is involute whorls inflated with a deep umbilicus. The outer half including the venter is ribbed the inner half is smooth.
 Sphecodes albilabris is a solitary parasitic bee that is endemic to Central and Western Europe. The larvae of this species are parasites to Colletes cunicularius.The length of the bee is 11–14 mm. It flies from March to September.
 Oxycentrus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oxycentrus acutipennis N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus acutulus Bates 1892 Oxycentrus angusticeps N.Ito 2000 Oxycentrus argutoroides (Bates 1873) Oxycentrus assamensis Kirschenhofer 1992 Oxycentrus atratus Kirschenhofer 1992 Oxycentrus baehri N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus borneensis Bates 1876 Oxycentrus castaneus Kirschenhofer 1992 Oxycentrus changi Habu 1978 Oxycentrus foveicollis Bates 1889 Oxycentrus fulgens N.Ito 1997 Oxycentrus giganteus N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus gracilitarsis N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus grandis (Emden 1937) Oxycentrus gusenleitneri N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus hayakawai Ito 2006 Oxycentrus horni Schauberger 1938 Oxycentrus iridicolor N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus ivani N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus javanus (Louwerens 1951) Oxycentrus jelineki Ito 2006 Oxycentrus kraatzi (Schauberger 1938) Oxycentrus latemarginatus N.Ito 2000 Oxycentrus matanganus (Schauberger 1934) Oxycentrus melas (Schmidt-Goebel 1846) Oxycentrus micros Schauberger 1938 Oxycentrus minor (Louwerens 1951) Oxycentrus minutopunctatus N.Ito 1998 Oxycentrus miyakei Habu 1978 Oxycentrus negrosensis N.Ito 1998 Oxycentrus nitidus Andrewes 1930 Oxycentrus oblongicollis N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus obtusicollis N.Ito 1994 Oxycentrus omaseoides Bates 1892 Oxycentrus orinus (Andrewes 1931) Oxycentrus parallelus Chaudoir 1854 Oxycentrus parvus N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus persimilis N.Ito 2000 Oxycentrus piceus (Louwerens 1951) Oxycentrus planibasis N.Ito 1998 Oxycentrus punctatus N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus quadricollis N.Ito 1994 Oxycentrus rectangulus N.Ito 2000 Oxycentrus richterianus Kirschenhofer 1987 Oxycentrus rugifrons (Louwerens 1954) Oxycentrus sakaii N.Ito 1998 Oxycentrus schaubergeri N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus shibatai N.Ito 1993 Oxycentrus siamensis N.Ito 1994 Oxycentrus sikkimensis Kirschenhofer 1992 Oxycentrus smetanai N.Ito 1996 Oxycentrus striolatus Andrewes 1930 Oxycentrus subarcuaticollis N.Ito 1997 Oxycentrus subdepressus N.Ito 1994 Oxycentrus subovatus N.Ito 1993 Oxycentrus yoshidai N.Ito 2001 ↑
 Chetone meta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Colombia.
 Acanthicus adonis the adonis pleco is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil. Though originally described from the lower Tocantins River it is found more widely in the Amazon Basin. It is among the largest armored catfish species and reaches a length of 1 m (3.3 ft).The adonis pleco is dark brown to black with numerous white spots as a juvenile. As the fish matures the spots fade. These plecos have slender rough bodies lyre-shaped tails and pointed snouts.
 Latia neritoides is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Latiidae. The type specimen is in the British Museum.The specific epithet neritoides means like a nerite. The shell of this species has an internal shelf or lamella but it more closely resembles a shell of a Crepidula than it does a Nerita.
 Neopetraeus filiolus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
 Scrobipalpa punctata is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (the southern Ural) and Kirghizia.
 Arthroleptis zimmeri is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Ghana.Its natural habitats are heavily degraded former forest and .
 Halgerda stricklandi is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Fustius papei is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Thailand.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax basal part of the costa triangular patch of the medial area outer part of the subterminal area and the terminal area including the outer half of the fringes are black. The forewing is long and narrow with a pointed apex. It has a white ground colour.
 Uroplatus sikorae is a species of gecko commonly referred to as the Mossy leaf-tailed gecko. This species endemic to Madagascar is found in primary and secondary forests on the island. It has the ability to change its skin color to match its surroundings and possesses dermal flaps which break up its outline when at rest.It is a CITES II protected animal due to habitat loss and overcollection for the pet trade.
 Lemyra melli is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Yunnan Shaanxi Zhejiang Tibet Shanxi Gansu Sichuan Heilongjiang Jilin Liaonin Hebei).
 The Northern treefrog (Polypedates mutus) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family. It also goes by the names Burmese whipping frog and vocal sacless treefrog.It is found in China Myanmar Vietnam possibly Laos and possibly Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes ponds and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Turbonilla juliae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Maskette (1906–1930) was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who never lost a race against her own sex.
 The Chinamococh stream frog Ptychohyla sanctaecrucis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guatemala. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Brazilian tuco-tuco Ctenomys brasiliensis is a tuco-tuco species from South America. It is found mainly in the state of Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil though Charles Darwin mentions it during his trip through present-day Uruguay.
 Conus zonatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Elachorbis subtatei is a minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinidae. It is known only from New Zealand.
 Marginellona gigas is a species of very large deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae. This species was originally thought to be a volute in the family Volutidae but it is in fact a giant marginellid. This is the only known species in the genus Marginellona in other words Marginellona is a monotypic genus.
 The Mindanao Scops Owl (Otus mirus) is an owl endemic to Mindanao Philippines.
 Papilio xanthopleura is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Peru and Brazil.
 Obdurodon tharalkooschild is an extinct species of platypus in the genus Obdurodon. It is known from a single tooth found in found at the Miocene-aged Two Tree Site fossil beds in Riversleigh in Queensland Australia.The tooth was discovered in 2012 by a team from the University of New South Wales including Mike Archer Suzanne Hand and Rebecca Pian.The species was present in the middle and upper Miocene (5–15 million years ago).
 Alycaeus is a genus of small land snails with a gill and an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.It is the type genus of the subfamily Alycaeinae.
 Hypselobarbus is a genus of cyprinid fishes endemic to India.
 Nedra goniosema is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Loboschiza is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Emmalocera nigricostalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in western Africa India Sri Lanka Burma Borneo the Andamans Fiji and Taiwan.
 The Takitimu gecko Hoplodactylus cryptozoicus is a species of gecko in the family Gekkonidae.
 Aha ha is a species of Australian wasp named by the entomologist Arnold Menke in 1977 as a joke. Menke described how when he received a package from a colleague containing insect specimens he exclaimed Aha!. The name was also used as the vehicle registration plate of Menke's car.
 Eatonina vermeuleni is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.
 Hyposmocoma tigrina is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala.It was discovered on koa trees.
 Meterana stipata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in New Zealand.
 Eschrichtiidae or the gray whales is a family of baleen whale (suborder Mysticeti) with a single extant species the gray whale (Eschrichtius robustus). The family however also includes three described fossil genera: Archaeschrichtius and Eschrichtioides from the Miocene and Pliocene of Italy respectively and Gricetoides from the Pliocene of North Carolina. The names of the extant genus and the family honours Danish zoologist Daniel Eschricht.
 Parataeniophorus is a genus of flabby whalefishes that was formerly included in the no longer recognized tapetail family Mirapinnidae.
 Phtheochroa eulabea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Puebla).
 Callechelys leucoptera is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Jean Cadenat in 1954. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the eastern Atlantic Ocean including Senegal to Côte d'Ivoire. It is known to dwell at a depth of 45 metres. It inhabits shallow waters where it forms burrows in the sand which are sometimes exposed during low tide. Males can reach a maximum total length of 73 centimetres but more commonly reach a TL of 50 centimetres.C.
 Youth (foaled 1973 in Maryland) was an American-bred French Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Tricerophora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Myelois cinctipalpella is a species of snout moths in the genus Myelois. It was described by Christoph in 1877. It is found in Turkmenistan.
 Nannobrachium is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Timora diarhoda is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Lipographis umbrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Lipographis. It was described by Dyar in 1908 and is known from California U.S.A..
 Ocinebrina epiphanea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Polypoetes sumaco is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in eastern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 12-13 mm for males and 12.5 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is brown to light brown but slightly darker along the anal margin. The scale covering is somewhat sparse. The hindwings are brown to light brown.
 Saphenista cubana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Cuba.The wingspan is about 8-13 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with ochreous and pale ochreous brown suffusions and brownish dots. The hindwings are whitish tinged with brownish grey and pale basally.
 Bathyliotina armata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 Amathina is a genus of small sea snails marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Amathinidae.Amathina is the type genus of the family Amathinidae.
 Acrobasis aurorella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Ely in 1910 and is known from the eastern United States.
 Pelobates fuscus is a species of toad in the family Pelobatidae native to an area extending from Central Europe to Western Asia. It is commonly known as the Common Spadefoot Garlic Toad the Common Spadefoot Toad and the European Common Spadefoot.The common spadefoot grows to a length of approximately 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) for males and 8 centimetres (3.1 in) for females.
 The truffle fly Suillia tuberiperda is a European species of heleomyzidae.Its larvae develop in truffles a behavior exploited in the search for truffles. The eggs are deposited in the soil above the fruiting bodies and the emerging larvae dig for the truffles.
 Evergestis africalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Sicily and in Algeria South Africa and Iran.The wingspan is about 31 mm. Adults are on wing in October in Algeria.
 Cautor lutea is a species of small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triphoridae.
 Kazzia was a German-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was trained in Germany the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. In a racing career which lasted from September 2001 until October 2002 she ran seven times and won five races in four different countries. She is best known for being the only filly since 1990 to successfully complete the Classic double of the 1000 Guineas and the Oaks. She was the first German-bred horse to win a British Classic.
 The Pile-builder Megapode (Megapodius molistructor) is an extinct species of megapode. The subfossil remains were found by Jean-Christophe Balouet and Storrs L. Olson in the Pindai Caves of New Caledonia. Its remains have also been found on Tonga.
 Plumularioidea are one of the few rather robustly established superfamilies of the cnidarian suborder Conica. This superfamily unites about 30 genera in the following families: Aglaopheniidae Marktanner-Turneretscher 1890 Halopterididae Kirchenpaueriidae Plumulariidae Agassiz 1862These thecate hydroids grow in erect colonies branched in some species but unbranched in others. Each branch may bear a single or several animals.
 Sarasinula plebeia commonly called the bean slug or the Caribbean leatherleaf slug is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae the leatherleaf slugs.As of November 2012 some websites and databases (including the ITIS entry) have a species listed as Sarasomia plebeia by the same author.
 Argonauta hians also known as the winged argonaut muddy argonaut or brown paper nautilus is a species of pelagic octopus. The common name comes from the grey to brown coloured shell. The Chinese name for this species translates as Grey Sea-horse's Nest. The female of the species like all argonauts creates a paper-thin eggcase that coils around the octopus much like the way a nautilus lives in its shell (hence the name paper nautilus).
 Hesperogavialis is an extinct genus of gryposuchine gavialid. Fossils have been found from Venezuela and Brazil that date back to the late Miocene and Pliocene. Although Hesperogavialis is one of the best known gavialoids from South America the posterior portion of the skull is still unknown making any attempts at classification within the family somewhat more difficult than other gavialoids in which much of the skull is present. The genus possibly comprises three species.
 Acroceuthes metaxanthana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Garnet Robin (Eugerygone rubra) is a species of bird in the Petroicidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Eugerygone.[citation needed]It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eupithecia ochrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Heptaloba tanglong is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Vietnam. The habitat consists of long-boled forest with the predominance of Lagerstroemia species and various legumes including Afzelia xylocarpa.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The head thorax and tegulae are brown and the antennae are pale brown. The forewings are reddish-brown and are split in four lobes. Along the costal edge in the distal part of the wing there are four pale spots. The hindwings are pale brown.
 Hemeroplanes longistriga is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil and Ecuador.It differs from all other Hemeroplanes species by the very long silver mark on the forewing upperside and lack of yellow bands on the upperside of the abdomen.There are probably at least two generations per year. Adults have been recorded in December in Brazil.
 Cumia alfredensis common name : the narrow dwarf triton is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.
 Rhagoletis juniperina is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Spurilla is a genus of sea slugs aeolid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Aeolidiidae.
 Gelophaula is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Littorina saxatilis common name the rough periwinkle is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Peristernia rollandi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Deudorix vansomereni Van Someren’s Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Kenya and north-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Acacia species and Agalana obliqua.
 Paraxarnuta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Cape Eagle-Owl (Bubo capensis) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is one several large species of the eagle-owl genus Bubo.
 The Pacific spadenose shark (Scoliodon macrorhynchos) is a species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae. It was once regarded as conspecific to the spadenose shark (S. laticaudus)
 The humpback whale (Megaptera novaeangliae) is a species of baleen whale. One of the larger rorqual species adults range in length from 12–16 metres (39–52 ft) and weigh approximately 36000 kilograms (79000 lb). The humpback has a distinctive body shape with unusually long pectoral fins and a knobbly head.
 Heteropsis andravahana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Phintia is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species:Phintia broweri J.S. Miller 2009Phintia podarce Walker 1854
 Mallophaga is a suborder of lice known as chewing lice biting lice or bird lice containing more than 3000 species. These lice are external parasites that feed mainly on birds although some species also feed on mammals. They infest both domestic and wild animals and birds and cause considerable irritation to their host. They have paurometabolis or incomplete metamorphosis.
 The harvester termites are an ancient Old World family of termites Hodotermitidae. They are distinguished by the serrated inner edge of their mandibles and their functional compound eyes which are present in all castes. They forage for grass at night and during daylight hours and pigmented workers are often observed outside the nest. Their range includes the deserts and savannas of Africa the Middle East and Southwest Asia.
 Botyodes asialis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found from Africa through Asia to the Pacific including Fiji Hong Kong Réunion Thailand India Siam Ceylon the Philippines New Guinea Samoa Malay Peninsula and Queensland.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Populus species.
 Ctenorhachis (Greek for comb spine) is an extinct genus of the family Sphenacodontidae. Ctenorhachis was related to Dimetrodon but did not belong to the same subfamily as Dimetrodon and Sphenacodon being a more basal member of Sphenacodontidae. Ctenorhachis lived in the Early Permian epoch. Two specimens are known that have been found from the Wichita Group outcropping in Baylor and Archer counties north-central Texas. Only the vertebrae and pelvis are known.
 Dendroctonus frontalis the southern pine beetle is a species of bark beetle native to the forests of southern United States Mexico and Central America. It has a hard reddish brown to black exoskeleton and measures approximately 3 mm (0.12 in) about the size of a grain of rice. It is short-legged the front of its head is notched and the hind of its body is round.
 Stigmella svenssoni is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is widespread but localised in the northern half of Europe with records from Norway Sweden Finland Denmark Latvia the Netherlands Germany Slovakia Hungary and France. There are two isolated records from northern Italy and northern Greece. Only leafmines are recorded from Ireland.The wingspan is 6–7 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on Quercus petraea and Quercus robur.
 Paroedura lohatsara is a small-to-medium sized gecko native to northern Madagascar. This species is listed as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List but is not currently protected under CITES.
 Eupithecia hannemanni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western China and north-western Pakistan.
 Stevelus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Pelteobagrus is a genus of bagrid catfishes found in eastern Asia.
 Ioichthys kashkini is a species of barreleye known only from the Arabian Sea where it has been recovered from a depth of 700 metres (2300 ft).
 Chloroclystis atroviridis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on India and Sri Lanka.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are pale green suffused with pale rufous. The forewings have indistinct blackish basal and antemedial bands with waved edges. The hindwings are whitish with ochreous tufts.
 Baryssinus marcelae is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Monné in 1974.
 The Little Collared Fruit Bat (Myonycteris torquata) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna.
 Banguela oberlii is a dsungaripterid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of Brazil.The Swiss collector Urs Oberli acquired a pterosaur jaw fragment from the Chapada do Araripe. In 2005 this was described by André Jacques Veldmeijer e.a. and referred to Thalassodromeus sethi. In 2006 Veldmeijer named it as a new Thalassodromeus species: Thalassodromeus oberli.
 Cirrodiana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Limnenetes is an extinct genus of oreodont endemic to North America during the Late Eocene-Early Oligocene subepochs (38—33.9 mya) existing for approximately 4.1 million years.Limnenetes was a herbivore with a heavy body long tail short feet and four-toed hooves.
 Inti levis is a species of insect in a monotypic genus in the family Eulophidae. It was discovered in Costa Rica and the Dominican Republic in 2010 by Christer Hansson.
 Deltaspis rufostigma is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1892.
 The Spotted Redshank (Tringa erythropus) is a wader (shorebird) in the large bird family Scolopacidae. It breeds across northern Scandinavia and northern Asia and migrates south to the Mediterranean the southern British Isles France tropical Africa and tropical Asia for the winter. It is an occasional vagrant to Australia and North America.
 Philodoria splendida is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Lanai and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Metrosideros species including Metrosideros polymorpha. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The larvae emerge from the mine to form an oval cocoon which is made on the surface of the mine the dead epidermis being cut around a little distance from the cocoon so that it readily falls away carrying the cocoon with it.
 Catocala arizonae redirects here. For the species erroneously named thus by Strand in 1914 see Catocala neogama.The Joined Underwing or Stretch's Underwing (Catocala junctura) is an owlet moth species. It is found throughout temperate North America.
 The Tardy Renia (Renia nemoralis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Illinois to south-eastern Massachusetts south to Florida and Texas.The wingspan is 28-30 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on organic matter including dead leaves.
 Chaetolopha incurvata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India and Taiwan.
 Teretriphora huttoni is a species of small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triphoridae.
 Procambarus tenuis is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus in the family Cambaridae. It is the only species in the subgenus Procambarus (Tenuicambarus). P. tenuis is rare throughout its range which is restricted to the Ouachita Mountains of Le Flore County Oklahoma and Polk County Arkansas.
 Dolabrifera dolabrifera is a species of sea hare a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aplysiidae the sea hares.
 Agallissus lepturoides is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Chevrolat in 1844. It is known from Texas USA Mexico and Honduras.
 Arachnolophus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Azamora splendens is a species of snout moths in the genus Azamora. It was described by Druce in 1895 and is known from Panama and Costa Rica.
 Trophonella enderbyensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Parelectra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Psilorhynchus pseudecheneis is a fish found in genus Psilorhynchus.
 Partulina tessellata is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Caloptilia asplenifoliatella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Nova Scotia and the United States (New Jersey).The larvae feed on Comptonia asplenifolia Comptonia peregrina and Myrica gale. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Synegiodes histrionaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and India.
 Megalomyrmex silvestrii is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Megalomyrmex silvestrii is widespread in the mainland Neotropics from Mexico to northern Argentina. This species occurs in moist to wet forest habitats from sea level to 1100 m elevation. It nests in small chambers in rotten wood or opportunistically in other small cavities in the soil.
 Cyllodania is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Asuridia yuennanica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 The serrated tortoise Psammobates oculifer German: Kalahari-Strahlenschildkröte is a species of tortoise that occurs in the Kalahari desert regions of southern Africa. Also known as the Kalahari tent tortoise it is one of three members of the genus Psammobates.
 Coleophora echyropis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Kashmir.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The antennae are white ringed fuscous and the palpi are white. The forewings are light greyish-ochreous. There is a broad white streak with two or three black specks running along the costa. The apical third of the wing is suffusedly mixed white with a very few black specks between the veins.
 Dorothy's Slender Opossum (Marmosops dorothea) is a species of opossum in the Didelphidae family. It is found in Brazil and Bolivia. It is threatened by habitat loss.Recent research suggests that M. dorothea is a synonym of M. noctivagus the White-bellied Slender Opossum. On the other hand M. ocellatus a junior synonym of M. dorothea may be a separate true species.
 Terebra limatula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Simpulopsis is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Simpulopsidae.Simpulopsis is the type genus of the tribe Simpulopsini and of the family Simpulopsidae.
 Solitanea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Yellow-billed Pintail (Anas georgica) is a South American dabbling duck of the genus Anas with three described subspecies.
 Astata is a cosmopolitan genus of solitary predatory wasps in the subfamily Astatinae. They are known to prey on adults and nymphs of Pentatomidae. Astata is the largest genus in this subfamily and is identified by features of its wing venation.
 Palaeoglaux is a genus of fossil owl from the Eocene epoch. There are two known species P. perrierensis from the Upper Eocene of Quercy France and P. artophoron from the Middle Eocene Messel shales Germany. The holotype of P. perrierensis is a partial left coracoid in the Collection Université Montpellier accession number PRR 2585.
 Doriprismatica is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae.
 Aphyonidae is a family of eel-like fishes in the order Ophidiiformes. They are found in tropical and subtropical waters throughout the world. They are deep-sea fishes living between 2000 metres (6600 ft) and 6000 metres (20000 ft) depth.
 Euglandina cognata is a species of large predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Philoscia muscorum the common striped woodlouse or fast woodlouse is a common European woodlouse. It is widespread in Europe the British Isles and is found from southern Scandinavia to the Ukraine and Greece. It has also spread to Washington and many states in New England as well as Nova Scotia.
 Zuniga is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 The Bosavi Woolly Rat is a species of rodent that was discovered deep in the jungle of Papua New Guinea in 2009. It is believed to belong to the genus Mallomys within the family Muridae according to initial investigation although this has yet to be published.
 Turbonilla cyrtoconoidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Eurasian Wryneck (Jynx torquilla) is a species of wryneck in the woodpecker family. This species mainly breeds in temperate regions of Europe and Asia. Most populations are migratory wintering in tropical Africa and in southern Asia from Iran to the Indian Subcontinent but some are resident in northwestern Africa.
 Dioptis otanes is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Turbonilla truncatelloides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Janatella is a genus of butterflies from the Central America to South America in the family Nymphalidae.
 Stigmatochromis is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids that are endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.
 The Panther (8 February 1916 – October 1931) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from May 1918 to October 1919 he ran six times and won three races. Although he ran only three times in 1918 he was rated the best British two-year-old of the year on the strength of his win in the Autumn Stakes. The following spring he won the Classic 2000 Guineas at Newmarket.
 Symphlebia erratum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1933. It is found in Venezuela.
 Malacolimax wiktori is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae the keelback slugs.This species is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 The Fiery-throated Fruiteater (Pipreola chlorolepidota) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss. Its population size and range are limited causing this species to be considered near threatened.
 Acraea leucographa Ribbe’s Glassy Acraea is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the southern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Rinorea species.
 Neptunea hiberna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Acartia clausi is a species of marine copepod belonging to the family Acartiidae. This species was previously thought to have a worldwide distribution but recent research has restricted its range to coastal regions of the north-east Atlantic Ocean as far north as Iceland the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea with specimens from other regions assigned to different species.At just over 1 mm in length this is a generally larger animal than its closest congeners.
 The Pink-backed Pelican (Pelecanus rufescens) is a member of the pelican family of birds. It is a resident breeder in Africa southern Arabia southern India and apparently extinct in Madagascar in swamps and shallow lakes.
 Acraea pseudepaea Dudgeon’s Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea eastern Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males mud puddle.
 Brave Kid (Chinese: 勇敢小子) is a Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse.In the season of 2009-2010 Brave Kid recorded sixth consecutive victory and progressed from Class 4 to Group level. He was one of the nominees for the Hong Kong Horse of the Year award.
 Girardinus falcatus is a species of Cuban tropical fish. The common name of the species is yellow belly. The fish is pale gold and has a bright blue iris. Males are smaller than females and constantly mate.
 Myrmecia pavida is a bull ant species which lives and is native in Australia. Described by Clark in 1951 the Myrmecia pavida is distrbuted and has been mainly collected from Western Australia and South Australia.The average length of a worker is 19-22 millimetres. Queens are larger at over 25 millimetres in length. The head and gaster are black thorax node legs and other features are brown. The antennae and tarsi are red and the mandibles and clypeus is yellow.
 Dreissenoidea is a superfamily of brackish water and freshwater false mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the order Veneroida.
 Eulepidotis bipartita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Peru.
 Salarias nigrocinctus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Pacific ocean around Tonga.
 The Crotalaria Moth (Utetheisa lotrix) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in most of the old world tropics.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Crotalaria species.
 Dance Floor (foaled 1989 in New Jersey) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by William Purdey at his Greenfields Farm in Colts Neck Township New Jersey. Out of the mare Dance Troupe a granddaughter of U.S. racing Hall of fame inductee Native Dancer Dance Floor was sired by Star de Naskra the 1979 American Champion Sprint Horse.Hall of Fame trainer D. Wayne Lukas conditioned Dance Floor for owner MC Hammer a Rap singer who raced him under his Oaktown Stable banner.
 The tribe Rhynchophorini is the largest member of the true weevil subfamily Dryophthorinae. Alonso-Zarazaga and Lyal (1999) treated it as a distinct subfamily Rhynchophorinae. Weevils of this tribe have the pygidium (VII abdominal tergite) not covered by the elytra. This tribe includes the largest weevils of the subfamily such as palm weevils.
 Eutrichillus canescens is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1956.
 Leuconopsis obsoleta is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Ellobiidae.
 Euplica brunnidentata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Capoeta is a genus of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It was formerly included within the Barbus-Puntius complex. Today it is restricted to a group of western Asian forms around the type species.
 The Short-tailed Finch (Idiopsar brachyurus) is a species of bird previously placed in the Emberizidae family but it appears to be related to the sierra finches Phrygilus of the tanager family Thraupidae and is now placed there. It is the only member of its genus Idiopsar.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Tuxentius margaritaceus Margarita’s Pierrot or Mountain Pied Pierrot is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the highlands of Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Ituri Kivu Maniema and Sankuru) southern Sudan Uganda central and western Kenya and northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub montane forests and moist savanna especially along river courses in mountainous regions.Adult males mud-puddle.The larvae feed on Gouania longispicata.
 Tettigonia viridissima the Great Green Bush-Cricket is a species of 'katydids crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae. This species can be encountered from Europe to Mongolia especially in meadows grasslands prairies and occasionally in gardens. The adult males grow up to 28–36 millimetres (1.1–1.4 in) long while females reach 32–42 millimetres (1.3–1.7 in).
 Damalops is an extinct genus of Alcelaphinae. It lived during the Pleistocene in southern Asia where the species Damalops palaeindicus is known from the Siwaliks in the northern part of the Indian Subcontinent.
 Phenacovolva aurantia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Coryphophylax subcristatus is an agamid lizard found in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. It does not occur south of 7° 11' 58.94 N (as of Aug 2004).
 Bittiolum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Palaeocycloceras is a Middle Ordovician orthocerid genus from the Baltic region of Europe China and Brazil.
 Eupithecia exicterata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and the western Himalayas (Pakistan and India).The wingspan is about 21–25 mm. The forewings are brownish grey with an oblique rusty medial area. The hindwings are dark brownish grey.
 Amblyptilia epotis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in New Zealand.The wingspan is about 25 millimetres (0.98 in). The head is white and the Palpi are greyish-ochreous sprinkled with dark fuscous white above. The antennae are grey and the thorax is whitish sprinkled with brownish-ochreous. The abdomen is white partially suffused with pale brownish-ochreous except towards the base. The forewings are pale brownish-ochreous densely irrorated with white.
 The painted swellshark (Cephaloscyllium pictum) is a little-known species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found in eastern Indonesia. This species reaches a maximum known length of 72 cm (28 in) and has a thick body with a short broad and flattened head. It is dark gray with a variegated pattern of irregular darker and lighter blotches above and lighter below with gray blotches and speckling on the snout. Like other swellsharks it can inflate itself as a defensive measure.
 Patagonotothen is a genus of cod icefishes native to the southern oceans.
 Anopina bicolor is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Amalda utopica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Capparimyia melanaspis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Capparimyia of the family Tephritidae.
 Neptosternus sinharajaicus is a species of beetle. Its holotype was found in Sri Lanka. The species is capable of flight as all specimens were captured flying towards light in the evening.
 Turbonilla toniperezi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Calyptratae is a subsection of Schizophora in the insect order Diptera commonly referred to as the calyptrate muscoids (or simply calyptrates). It consists of those flies which possess a calypter that covers the halteres among which are some of the most familiar of all flies such as the house fly.
 Ortholeptura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ortholeptura insignis (Fall 1907) Ortholeptura obscura (Swaine & Hopping 1928) Ortholeptura valida (LeConte 1857)↑
 Lepidoblepharon ophthalmolepis the Scale-eyed flounder is a species of citharid flounder found in the western Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from 310 to 428 metres (1017 to 1404 ft). This species grows to a length of 36 centimetres (14 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Neoconis is a genus of lacewing.
 Calycoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the subclass Ammonoidea and family Acanthoceratidae that lived during the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous 100-94 Mya. Their shells had ornate ribs.
 Cotylea is a sub order of free-living marine turbellarian flatworms in the order Polycladida.
 Homoneuronia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Homoneuronia modesta which is found in French Guiana.
 Lepypiranga is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Coptoglossus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Coptoglossus carteri (Sloane 1915) Coptoglossus sulcatulus Chaudoir 1869↑
 The Glassy Bombay Duck (Harpadon translucens) is a species of lizardfish that lives in the mainly in the Indo-West Pacific.
 Schillaci (1988–2001) was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who was an eight-time Group One winner. He was by Salieri (USA) out of Biscarina (Biscay-Forina).
 The Blackvein Sergeant is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Southwest India and parts of Southeast Asia.
 Congjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Melanoscia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Purius pilumnia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stoll in 1780. It is found in Costa Rica Panama Venezuela Surinam French Guiana and Brazil.
 Dolichoneon is a genus of jumping spiders containign a single species Dolichoneon typicus which is found in Karakorum. The genus name is a compound of the Ancient Greek root dolicho- long and the related genus Neon.
 Brissopsis obliqua is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissopsis obliqua was first scientifically described in 1948 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 The Batman Moth (Coelostathma discopunctana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is only known from North America including Alabama Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Massachusetts Minnesota New Jersey New York Oklahoma Pennsylvania Tennessee Texas and Virginia.The wingspan is 11-15 mm.
 Conus primus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Rehimena hypostictalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.The wingspan of this species is 22-26mm.
 Hypatopa cladis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 5–7.2 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 The Southern Austroicetes (Austroicetes frater) is an Australian grasshopper in the genus Austroicetes. It is found in Western Australia South Australia Victoria Tasmania and New South Wales.
 Ichthyaetus is a genus of gulls. They were included in the genus Larus until recently.
 Lactophrys is a genus of boxfishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Baltoceras is a member of the Ellesmerocerida included in the family Baltoceratidae. The shell of Baltoceras is slender with a subcircular cross section straight transverse sutures and a large siphuncle in contact with the venter. Septal necks are short but not vestigial; connecting rings are thick; endosiphonal organic deposits are unknown. Baltoceras ranges in age from Whiterock to Chazy (Middle Ordovician).
 Anopinella is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Muellerius capillaris (Mueller 1889) also known as hair lungworm is nematode parasite of small ruminants. Adult worms occur in small air passages (bronchioles bronchioli) and in the alveoli even in the subpleural tissue. In ruminants parasite causes chronic bronchopneumonia. In case of massive infection or secondary bacterial infection M. capillaris infection can cause death of the host.
 The Lesser Ground Cuckoo (Morococcyx erythropygus) is a species of cuckoo in the monotypic genus Morococcyx in the family Cuculidae. It is found in Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Ectolopha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista utonella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees and Italy and from Ireland to Romania.The wingspan is 8–9 millimetres (0.31–0.35 in).
 Amblyseius tsugawai is a species of predatory mite belonging to the family Phytoseiidae. This oval mite less than 0.5 mm in length is only known from apple trees on Honshū Japan. It is very similar to congeners found outside Japan but can be distinguished by details of the setation on the fourth pair of legs.
 Triplostephanus triseriatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Abaciscus lutosus is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Holloway in 1993. It is known from Borneo.The wingspan is about 16 mm. Adults were found in lower montane forest and lowland forest.
 Ctimene salamandra is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Chrysocraspeda ozophanes is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 The Orange-crowned Oriole (Icterus auricapillus) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family. It is found in Colombia Panama and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Anisotremus is a genus of grunts native to the eastern Pacific and western Atlantic Oceans.The currently recognized species in this genus are: Anisotremus caesius (D. S. Jordan & C. H. Gilbert 1882) (silvergrey grunt) Anisotremus davidsonii (Steindachner 1876) (xantic sargo) Anisotremus dovii (Günther 1864) (spotted head sargo) Anisotremus interruptus (T. N.
 The Afghan Pika (Ochotona rufescens) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is found in Afghanistan Armenia Iran Pakistan and Turkmenistan.
 Eucosmophora ingae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.1-3.6 mm for males and 3.1-3.4 mm for females.The larvae feed on Inga oerstediana and Pithecollobium catenatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. On Inga oerstediana the early mine is serpentine glassy and winds about the lamina. Later it is abruptly enlarged into an irregular blotch.
 Baliochila warrengashi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (the Usambara Mountains).Adults are on wing in February and March.
 The Silvery Bar (Cigaritis phanes) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-west Africa including Botswana Zimbabwe and South Africa. In South Africa it is found from north-western KwaZulu-Natal to the northern part of the Orange Free State Gauteng Mpumalanga the Limpopo Province the North West Province and the North Cape.The wingspan is 24–27 mm for males and 26–30 mm for females.
 Formica dirksi is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Segestria is a genus of segestriid spiders that occur mainly in Eurasia. Some species are found in the Americas one in New Zealand and two in North Africa. S. madagascarensis is found in Madagascar.
 Phiocricetomys is an extinct genus of rodent from Africa. It is the only genus in the subfamily Phiocricetomyinae.
 Copelatus togoensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family.
 Caenopedina otagoensis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Caenopedina otagoensis was first scientifically described in 1968 by McKnight.
 Eulimastoma weberi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ologamasus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
 Admetula bayeri common name : Bayer's nutmeg is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Grey-cheeked Thrush (Catharus minimus) is a medium-sized thrush. This species is 15–17 cm in length and has the white-dark-white underwing pattern characteristic of Catharus thrushes. It is a member of a close-knit group of migrant species together with the Veery and Bicknell's Thrush; it forms a cryptic species pair with the latter. The Grey-cheeked Thrush is all but indistinguishable from Bicknell's Thrush except by its slightly larger size and different song.
 The Dainty Sulphur or Dwarf Yellow (Nathalis iole) is a North American butterfly in the family Pieridae.
 Sinibrama is a small genus of cyprinid fishes the five currently recognized species distributed in south China Taiwan Laos and Vietnam. These are silvery fishes with deep laterally compressed bodies large eyes and terminal mouths. They tend to grow no larger than 20 cm standard length.The taxonomy of the group is frequently disputed as all forms are very similar with more or less overlapping morphometric data.
 Gymnobathra inaequata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Philpott in 1928. It is found in New Zealand.
 Pelagiarctos was a genus of walrus that lived during the Mid Miocene approx. 13-15 mya. Its remains have been found in the Sharktooth Hill Bonebed in Kern County California. It was originally described as an Otariidae though it is now usually considered to be a basal Odobenidae.
 Antlion also spelled ant-lion and ant lion is a name applied to a group of about 2000 species of insects in the family Myrmeleontidae (sometimes misspelled as Myrmeleonidae). The most well-known genus is Myrmeleon (antlion). Strictly speaking the term antlion applies to the larval form of the members of this family but while several languages have their own terms for the adult there is no widely used word for them in English.
 Scopula pseudocorrivalaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern China.
 Leucochroma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The sand darters family Kraemeriidae are a small family of Perciformes fishes native to the Indian Ocean to the central Pacific Ocean. They live in sandy shallow pools and are found among coral. One species is restricted to fresh waters of Madagascar. In breeding coloration the male fish has an occelated spot at the rear of the first dorsal fin.
 Eulima dysnoeta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Liptena griveaudi Griveaud’s Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 Betta persephone is a species of gourami endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from Johor. This betta's specific epithet derives from the Greek goddess Persephone queen of the Underworld a reference to the largely blackish colouration of this fish.
 Oreophryne celebensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sphaerostylus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Sphaerostylus acutangulus (Jeannel 1946) Sphaerostylus alluaudi (Jeannel 1946) Sphaerostylus bimaculatus H.Kolbe 1895 Sphaerostylus brevipennis (Jeannel 1946) Sphaerostylus ditomoides (Brulle 1835) Sphaerostylus feai (Basilewsky 1949) Sphaerostylus goryi (Castelnau 1834) Sphaerostylus guineensis Alluaud 1925 Sphaerostylus insularis (Basilewsky 1949) Sphaerostylus levis (Jeannel 1946) Sphaerostylus longipennis Sphaerostylus luteus (Hope 1842) Sphaerostylus punctutostriatus Chaudoir 1867 Sphaerostylus striatus Sphaerostylus vadoni (Jeannel 1946) ↑
 Eupithecia mollita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Elachista biatomella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Sweden to the Iberian peninsula Sardinia and Italy and from Great Britain to Ukraine.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in). Adults are on wing from May to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Carex acuta prolixa and Carex flacca. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts at a leaf axil and ascends as a narrow corridor with a thin frass line.
 The White-chinned Thistletail (Asthenes fuliginosa) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Bimiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Adalbus Adalbus crassicornis Fairmaire & Germain 1859 Genus Lautarus Lautarus concinnus (Philippi & Philippi 1859) Genus Phantazoderus Phantazoderus frenatus Fairmaire & Germain 1864 Genus Sybilla Sybilla coemeterii (Thomson 1856) Sybilla flavosignata Fairmaire & Germain 1859 Sybilla integra Fairmaire & Germain 1859 Sybilla krahmeri Cerda 1973 Sybilla livida Germain 1900↑
 The Malabar Trogon (Harpactes fasciatus) is a species of bird in the trogon family. It is found in the forests of Sri Lanka and peninsular India. In India it is mainly found in the Western Ghats hill forests of central India and in parts of the Eastern Ghats. They are insectivorous and although they are not migratory they may make seasonal movements in the hill regions.
 Claraia is an extinct genus of scallop-like bivalve mollusks that lived from the Capitanian stage of the Late Permian to the Anisian stage of the Middle Triassic 266-237 million years ago. Fossils have been found worldwide in North America Europe Asia Africa and Australia. These are common fossils subsequent to the Permian-Triassic boundary suggesting that the genus experienced rapid diversification during and after the Permian–Triassic extinction event around 251.4 million years ago.
 The gold dust day gecko (Phelsuma laticauda (Boettger 1880)) is a diurnal species of gecko. It lives in northern Madagascar and on the Comoros it has been also introduced to Hawaii and other Pacific islands. It typically inhabits various kinds of trees and houses. The gold dust day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.One subspecies is recognized (in addition to the nominate one): Phelsuma laticauda angularis.
 Hexaplex saharicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Merrifieldia nigrocostata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Trymalitis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Scorpio maurus is a species of North African and Middle Eastern scorpion also known as the Large-clawed Scorpion or Israeli gold scorpion.This is a small/medium sized scorpion (3 in) from the family Scorpionidae. There are many sub-species of this scorpion 19 of which were described by Fet et al.Although its venom contains a weak neurotoxin called Maurotoxin S.maurus is not a dangerous scorpion for humans. There are no records of fatalities.
 Paramelania iridescens is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.
 The tusked frog (Adelotus brevis) is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to eastern Australia from Eungella National Park Queensland south to Ourimbah New South Wales. It is the only species in the Adelotus genus - adelotus meaning unseen and brevis meaning short.
 The Square-tailed Saw-wing (Psalidoprocne nitens) also known as the Square-tailed Rough-winged Swallow is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 Coscinasterias is a genus of sea stars of the family Asteriidae.
 Sceloporus occidentalis longipes is a subspecies of the western fence lizard commonly called the Great Basin fence lizard. Several subspecies of the western fence lizard a species of phrynosomatid lizard are found in the far western part of North America.
 Gymnothorax davidsmithi is an eel in the family Muraenidae (moray eels). It was described by John E. McCosker and John Ernest Randall in 2008. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from Indonesia in the western Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 3-4 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 29.9 centimetres.The species epithet refers to David G. Smith in honour of his contributions towards knowledge of eels.
 Bario steindachneri is a species of characin from Brazil and Peru. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in a freshwater environment within a pelagic depth range in a tropical climate.B. steindachneri can reach the maximum recorded length of about 9 cm (3.5 in) as an unsexed male. It is found in the Amazon River basin of South America.
 Penjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Benny the Bull commonly known as Benny is the mascot of the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association a role he has filled since 1969.
 Ortalis unicolor is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Tephritidae.
 Netechma lojana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).
 The White Spotted Sapphire (Iolaus lulua) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is restricted to the forested coastal dunes of northern KwaZulu-Natal and sandy lowland forests from False Bay to Kosi Bay inland to the Ndumu and Lebombo foothills. The habitat consists of coastal forests and thick bush.The wingspan is 26–30 mm for males and 28–32 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to December and in March.
 The Swallow Prominent (Pheosia tremula) is a moth from the family Notodontidae.The moth can be found in the Palearctic ecozone up to the Arctic Circle (North and Central Europe Russia Russian Far East Ussuri Caucasus). It has a forward wing length of 22–28 mm. The moth survives winter as a pupa underground.The imago can be easily mistaken with Pheosia gnoma.
 Cephimallota are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Spanglerogyrus albiventris is a species of beetle in the family Gyrinidae the only species in the genus Spanglerogyrus.
 The Xingan salamander (Hynobius maoershanensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China. Its natural habitats are marshes forests and seasonal ponds. It is threatened by habitat loss and climate change.
 Palleura is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The cotingas are a large family of passerine bird species found in Central America and tropical South America. Cotingas are birds of forests or forest edges which mostly eat fruit or insects and fruit. Comparatively little is known about this diverse group although all have broad bills with hooked tips rounded wings and strong legs.
 Uliura is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Centruroides arctimanus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Cidnopus pilosus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Dendrometrinae. This beetle is present in most of Europe in the East Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East.The larvae mainly feed on roots of Poaceae species. The adults grow up to 9–13 millimetres (0.35–0.51 in) long and can mostly be encountered from April through June in meadows or hedge rows. The main host-plants are Rosaceae Poaceae and Apiaceae species as Crataegus and Heracleum species etc.
 Scopula internataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola the Comoros the Democratic Republic of Congo Ivory Coast Kenya La Réunion Madagascar Malawi Mozambique South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.
 Melanochromis interruptus is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from Likoma Island. This species can reach a length of 9.8 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Hemiclusiosoma is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Eucrenonaspides oinotheke is a species of crustacean in the family Psammaspidae (Order Anaspidacea) endemic to Tasmania the only species described in the genus Eucrenonaspides. It was described from a spring at 9 Payton Place Devonport Tasmania in 1980 making it the first spring-dwelling syncarid recorded from the Australian region. It is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List. A further undescribed species is known from south-western Tasmania.
 The Surinam cockroach or greenhouse cockroach (Pycnoscelus surinamensis) is a species of burrowing cockroach. It is a common plant pest endemic to the Indomalayan region that has spread to tropical and into subtropical regions around the world and in isolated populations to temperate climates where protective habitat such as greenhouses provide shelter for individuals inadvertently shipped in the soil of plants.
 Pelophylax tenggerensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes freshwater springs and arable land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Striglina strigosa is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in India.
 Flax basis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Laos (Vientiane) in Southeast Asia.
 Semiricinula hadrolineae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Coleophora namella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 The horsehair crab Erimacrus isenbeckii (Japanese: ケガニ kegani) is a species of crab which is found in the Sea of Okhotsk and the Pacific Ocean and is frequently used in Japanese cuisine.
 The Noble Snipe (Gallinago nobilis) is a small stocky wader. It breeds in the Andes of Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela above or just below the treeline. It is entirely sedentary.
 Antigius attilia is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is widespread from Japan the Korean Peninsula the Russian Far East throughout northern central and western China to Taiwan.The wingspan is 14–16 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus serrata Quercus acutissima Quercus variabilis Quercus mongolica Quercus dentate and Quercus aliena. Subspecies yamanakashoji has been recorded on Quercus acutissima.
 Marshallena nierstraszi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Sunda Woodpecker (Dendrocopos moluccensis) also known as the Sunda Woodpecker is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Polypoetes wagneri is a moth of the Notodontidae family found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 13.5-15.5 mm for males and 15.5-16 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is dark brown to charcoal gray or blackish brown. The central area of the hindwings is translucent white.
 Bona Vista (1889–1909) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old he won the Woodcote Stakes at Epsom Downs. As a three-year-old he won the Newmarket Biennial Stakes before winning the 2000 Guineas Stakes by one and a half lengths. He was trained by William Jarvis and owned by Charles Day Rose. After retiring from racing Bona Vista became a successful stallion siring Ascot Gold Cup winner Cyllene.
 The Little Corella (Cacatua sanguinea) also known as the Bare-eyed Cockatoo Blood-stained Cockatoo Short-billed Corella Little Cockatoo and Blue-eyed Cockatoo is a white cockatoo native to Australia and southern New Guinea. It was known as Birdirra among the Yindjibarndi people of the central and western Pilbara. They would keep them as pets or traditionally cook and eat them.
 Phyllonorycter insignis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California and Maine).The wingspan is about 9 mm.The larvae feed on Erechtites species and Ceanothus integerrimus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the underside of the leaf occupying a comparatively small area in which the leaf substance is almost entirely eaten out. The lower epidermis is closely wrinkled at maturity.
 Elaeocyma empyrosia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Marginella pachista is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Dunkleosteidae is an extinct family of arthrodire placoderms. The gigantic apex predator Dunkleosteus terrelli is the best known member of this group. While they were previously thought to be close relatives of the genus Dinichthys (when they were not synonymized as each other) and grouped together in the family Dinichthyidae more recent studies have shown that the two taxa represent two very distinct clades within Arthrodira.
 Lasiommata maderakal is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and northern Somalia.
 Coleophora biminimmaculella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Texas.
 The Flame-breasted Flowerpecker (Dicaeum erythrothorax) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is endemic to the Maluku Islands in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is restricted to Buru.The Halmahera Flowerpecker was until recently considered a subspecies.
 Turricula thurstoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Vexillum pulchellum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Scoparia tetracycla is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1885. It is found in New Zealand.
 Glirodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Jurassic. It was a relatively early member of the also-extinct order of Multituberculata suborder Plagiaulacida. These mammals lived in North America during the Mesozoic also known as the age of the dinosaurs.The genus Glirodon has been described by Engelmann G.F. and Callison G.
 Pareulype is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coronura is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now New York U.S.A. It was described by Hall and Clarke in 1888 and the type species is Coronura aspectans which was originally described under the genus Asaphus by Conrad in 1841. The species was described from the Onodaga Formation.
 The Pygmy devil ray (Mobula eregoodootenkee) is a species of Eagle ray in the genus Mobula. It is endemic to the Indian Ocean and central-west Pacific Ocean. It ranges from South Africa in the west to the Philippines in the east north to Vietnam and south to the northern coast of Australia.It is a brownish-grey colour with a whitish underside. It grows up to 100 cm wide.
 Amolops larutensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Malaysia Thailand and possibly Myanmar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 The striped flea beetle (Phyllotreta striolata) is a small flea beetle shiny black with a greenish tinge 1.5 to 2.5 mm long having a wavy amber line running the length of each elytron (wing cover). It is a pest of cabbage and other brassicas. The hind legs are thickened enabling the beetle to jump like a flea when disturbed. The minute oval to elongate white eggs are laid in the soil close to the host plant. The white brown-headed larva when fully grown is 3.2 to 5.0 mm long.
 Thyrosticta angustipennis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Le Cerf in 1924. It is found in Madagascar.
 Sarangesa laelius the Grey Elfin is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mauritania Senegal Gambia Mali Guinea northern Ivory Coast northern and central Ghana Togo northern Nigeria southern Sudan Uganda Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania Malawi northern Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of woodland and dry Guinea savanna.The adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers.
 Lyria beauii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Oxycanus nuptialis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales.
 The Nicodamidae are a spider family with 29 species in nine genera. They are small to medium sized spiders found in small sheet webs close to the ground in eucalypt forests. In most cases the cephalothorax and legs are uniformly red and the abdomen black for which these species are sometimes called the red and black spider.
 Episimus is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Andaman Cuckooshrike (Coracina dobsoni) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to the Andaman Islands. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the Bar-bellied Cuckooshrike.
 The short worm lizard Pachycalamus brevis is a species of reptile in the Trogonophidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Pachycalamus. It is found on the island of Socotra.
 Dichelopa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Aporodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Elimia is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. Various species are found in creeks throughout much of the eastern and central United States and the Great Lakes region of Canada. They were formerly included in the genus Goniobasis together with the western Juga species.
 Lymire lacina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found on Cuba.
 Afrixalus upembae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are moist savanna freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Yellownecked Caterpillar (Datana ministra) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in southern Canada and the United States east of the Rocky Mountains in the south-west it ranges to California.The wingspan is about 42 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Malus Quercus Betula and Salix species. Young larvae skeletonise the leaves of their host plant. Later they feed on all of the leaf except the leaf stalk. They feed in groups.
 Synanthedon pyrethra is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Sympistis isis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Utah.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 Holostei are bony fish that show primitive characteristics. There are eight species divided among two orders the Amiiformes represented by a single living species the bowfin (Amia calva) and the Lepisosteiformes the gars. There are more species to be found in the fossil record. Holostei share with other primitive fishes a mixture of characteristics of teleosts and sharks.
 Phaonia fuscata is a species of fly which is widely distribution across the Palaearctic.
 Pene is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.
 Parexilisia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Cantius frugivorus was a small adapiformes primate that lived in the early Eocene in North America. It is more advanced than the plesiadapiformes.
 Conus abbas is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Polinices uberinus common name the white moon snail or dwarf white moon snail is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Green Marvel (Agriopodes fallax) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of North America from Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia Newfoundland and Labrador and Manitoba south to Arizona and Florida.The wingspan is about 34 mm. Adults are on wing from February to November in Florida.The larvae feed on Viburnum species.
 Ophichthus pullus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 2005.
 Culter is a genus of cyprinid fish consisting of five species. The name is derived from the Latin word culter meaning knife.
 Carabus scabrosus common name Huge Violet Ground Beetle is a species of beetles belonging to the Carabidae family.
 Porosteugnathus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Nothrotheriidae is a family of extinct ground sloths that lived from approximately 11.6 mya—11000 years ago existing for approximately 11.49 million years. The nothrotheres have recently been moved from the tribe Nothrotheriini or subfamily Nothrotheriinae within Megatheriidae to their own family Nothrotheriidae. Nothrotheriids appeared in the Tortonian some 11.6 million years ago in South America.
 Araeosoma coriaceum is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Araeosoma and lives in the sea. Araeosoma coriaceum was first scientifically described in 1879 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz an American scientist.
 The foxfish Bodianus frenchii is a species of wrasse native to the temperate marine waters in southwestern Western Australia to eastern South Australia and from southern Queensland to eastern Tasmania at depths between 10 and 40 m. A gap in the distribution of foxfish occurs through Victoria. Its length is up to 45 cm.
 Burnupena papyracea common name the papery burnupena is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Cochylimorpha mongolicana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Central Asia (Transcaspia: Tura Saisan Kuldja Turkestan).
 Cingulina aglaia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gastrotheca espeletia is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypolamprus emblicalis is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 16–18 mm (0.63–0.71 in).
 The Spanish Algyroides (Algyroides marchi) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is endemic to Spain.Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plionoma rubens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Casey in 1891.
 Tepuidessus breweri is a member of the order Coleoptera (Beetles) in the family of water dwelling Dytiscidae beetles and is the only species in the genus Tepuidessus.
 The Bougainville Bush Warbler or Odedi (Horornis haddeni) is a bird species initially placed in the Old World Warbler assemblage but nowadays moved with its congeners to the new cettiid warbler family.It was described as new to science in 2006. This bird is only known from the Crown Prince Range on Bougainville Island in the Solomon Islands Papua New Guinea.Its status was first evaluated for the IUCN Red List in 2008 being listed as near threatened.
 Acrolophus laticapitana is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1884. It is found in North America northern California to southern Arizona.The length of the forewings 6.5-9.5 mm. Adults are slender and pale yellow to tan or whitish gray.
 Helicella is a genus of small to medium-sized air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The African Wattled Lapwing (Vanellus senegallus) is sometimes called Senegal Wattled Plover.The Senegal Lapwing or Lesser Black-winged Lapwing (Vanellus lugubris) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 The Yellow Belle (Aspitates ochrearia) is a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western and southern Europe as well as North America.The wingspan is 25–34 mm. Adults are on wing from April to June and again from August to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants including Daucas carota and Plantago cornopus. The larvae can be found from April to June. The species overwinters in the larval stage. Pupation takes place in spring.
 The Tiny Tyranneutes or Tiny Tyrant-manakin (Tyranneutes virescens) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Chrosiothes is a spider genus that occurs almost exclusively in the New World from the USA to Brazil with one species found in China Korea and Japan and two species endemic to Taiwan. They have two minute setae in place of a colulus and thick legs. The males are noticeably smaller than the females: for example in C. jamaicensis the female is 2.9mm long the male only 1.6mm.The genera Episinus Spintharus Thwaitesia and Anelosimus are closely related.
 The Cithaeronidae are a small spider family with only seven described species in two genera.
 Camarhynchus is a genus of bird in the Thraupidae family; all species of Camarhynchus are endemic to the Galápagos Islands and together with related genera they are collectively known as Darwin's finches.
 The Yapacana Antbird (Myrmeciza disjuncta) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Leptostylopsis cristatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1925.
 Scinax machadoi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eleutherodactylus ashkapara is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gymnothorax nasuta is a moray eel found in the southeast Pacific ocean around Easter Island and Chile. It was first named by de Buen in 1961 and is commonly known as the Easter island moray.
 Coleonyx reticulatus is a species of small gecko native to the United States (Texas) and Mexico (Coahuila). It is sometimes referred to as the Reticulated Gecko or Reticulate Banded Gecko.
 Gabyna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Rosy Footman (Miltochrista miniata) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the temperate parts of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 23–27 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The caterpillars feed on Lichen.
 Cerithiopsis fusiformis is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. It was described by C. B. Adams in 1850.
 Elachista veruta is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the United Arab Emirates.
 Eilema hova is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found in Madagascar.
 Stenalia pectoralis is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1929 by Píc.
 Fala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hypodrasia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Metarctia transvaalica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in South Africa.
 Pida is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Chocolate Pansy or Chocolate Soldier (Junonia iphita) is a butterfly found in Asia.It is about 5–6 cm (2.0–2.4 in) in wingspan and the female can be told apart from the male by white markings on the oblique line on the underside of the hind wing. The wavy lines on the underside of the wings vary from wet to dry season forms. Individuals maintain a territory and are usually found close to the ground level and often bask in the sun.
 Ilisha elongata called the Elongate ilisha (the FAO name) or Chinese herring or Slender shad (even though it is not a close relative of herrings and shads) (Chinese: 勒鱼; pinyin: lèyú or simply 鳓 lè) is a species of longfin herring native to the coastal waters and estuaries of North Indian Ocean and Northwest Pacific. It is a relatively large species up to 45–60 centimetres (18–24 in) in total length. It is an important fishery species.
 Odostomia farma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Blepharopsis mendica is a species of praying mantis found in North Africa and on the Canary Islands. Devil's Flower Mantis Egyptian Flower Mantis Thistle Mantis and Arab Mantis are among its common names.In deimatic display the adult rotates its head and thorax to one side displaying the bright colours on the insides of its forelegs and the undersides of its hindwings and holds its wings slightly spread behind the body making it seem large and threatening.
 Hypsoblennius ionthas the Freckled blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean. This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 Nebria purpurata is a species of black coloured ground beetle from the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Colorado.
 Celyphus is a genus of beetle flies. It is known from the Oriental and African ecozones. Up to 1859 all species of beetle flies were placed in this genus.
 Pseudonoorda is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Calathus solieri is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can bde found on the islands such as Sardinia and Sicily.
 Promalactis dimolybda is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in China (Fujian Hubei Sichuan Zhejiang).The wingspan is about 9.5-11.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ochreousyellow. The hindwings and cilia are dark grey.
 Apatelodes satellitia is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Costa Rica French Guiana and Bolivia.
 Amannus atriplicis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linsley in 1957.
 Typhedanus is a Neotropical butterfly genus in the genus of Spread-winged skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Anopinella perblanda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Gekko smithii is a species of gecko found in China (the 12th recorded species).
 Planidia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Planidia elongulata Obenberger 1922 Planidia freudei Jelinek 1971 Planidia hauseri Obenberger 1931 Planidia vansoni Obenberger 1936 Planidia velutina Kerremans 1899↑
 Palmadusta asellus is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.Subspecies Palmadusta asellus asellus (Linnaeus) Palmadusta asellus bitaeniata (Geret 1903) Palmadusta asellus latefasciata Schilder 1930 Palmadusta asellus vespacea (Melvill 1905)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Alisea is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 Epiphyes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Idacarabus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Idacarabus cordicollis Moore 1967 Idacarabus longicollis Moore 1978 Idacarabus punctipennis Moore 1994 Idacarabus troglodytes Lea 1910↑
 Hippeutis is a genus of minute air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails.Albrecht et al. (2007) have confirmed its placement in the tribe Segmentinini within subfamily Planorbinae.
 The Littorinidae are a taxonomic family of over 200 species of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha commonly known as periwinkles and found worldwide.
 Ninurta (Nin Ur: God of War) in Sumerian and the Akkadian mythology of Assyria and Babylonia was the god of Lagash identified with Ningirsu with whom he may always have been identified. In older transliteration the name is rendered Ninib and Ninip and in early commentary he was sometimes portrayed as a solar deity.
 Pomacea maculata is a species of large freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.Common name of its synonymous name Pomacea insularum is the island applesnail.Together with Pomacea canaliculata it is the most invasive species of the family Ampullariidae.
 The Andean big-eared mouse (Auliscomys sublimis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.
 Deraeocoris is a genus of bugs in the Miridae family.
 The pointy-nosed blue chimaera or Ray Troll's chimaera (Hydrolagus trolli) is a species of fish in the Chimaeridae family found near New Caledonia New Zealand and South Africa. Its natural habitat is open seas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Daphnella elegantissima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Allogalathea is a genus of squat lobsters containing the following species:Allogalathea babai Cabezas Macpherson & Machordom 2011Allogalathea elegans (Adams & White 1848)Allogalathea inermis Cabezas Macpherson & Machordom 2011Allogalathea longimana Cabezas Macpherson & Machordom 2011↑
 Leptogomphus yayeyamensis is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Japan.
 Paradoxus osyridellus is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal Croatia Greece and on Sardinia.The larvae feed on olives injuring the tender shoots.
 Judith's Underwing (Catocala judith) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Quebec (where it is rare) and Ontario to the United States from New Hampshire south through Connecticut and New Jersey to North Carolina and Georgia west to Oklahoma and Iowa and north to Wisconsin.The wingspan is 45–55 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis Carya ovata and Juglans nigra.
 Eois saria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Asiatic linsang (Prionodon) is a genus comprising two species native to Southeast Asia: the banded linsang (Prionodon linsang) and the spotted linsang (Prionodon pardicolor). Prionodon is considered basal to the Feliformia and a sister taxon of the Felidae.
 The Palau Flycatcher (Myiagra erythrops) also known as the Mangrove Flycatcher is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family. It is endemic to Palau.
 Nebria kaszabi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Mongolia and Russia.
 Hoplosuchus is a genus of crocodylomorph. It is so far only known definitely from one specimen a skeleton collected from sandstone of the Upper Jurassic-age Morrison Formation rocks at Dinosaur National Monument Utah during road construction. The individual was small approximately 20 centimetres (7.9 in) long although it may have been very young.
 Everettia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Dyakiidae.The species within this genus are very difficult to identify from shells only because the shells are all very similar.
 The Western Sorrel Copper (Lycaena orus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found only in South Africa (Eastern Cape Province Western Cape Province). The habitat consists of fynbos at various altitudes from sea-level to montane regions.The wingspan is 21–27 mm. The butterfly flies year-round peaking in summer.Larval food is Polygonum undulatum and Rumex lanceolatus.
 Ramphotyphlops troglodytes is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Dermomurex sarasuae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eulepidotis flavipex is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Costa Rica French Guiana and Guyana.
 Pasiphilodes diaboeta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Seram.
 Dolomena is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs.The name of the genus Dolomena was originally introduced by Iredale in 1931 but he did not provide a description. Therefore he was not accepted as the author of this genus (Art. 13.1 of the ICZN Code)
 Came Home (foaled in 1999) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is now retired to stud. He was sired by Gone West who was recently pensioned at Mill Ridge Farm. Came Home is out of the graded-stakes-winning mare Nice Assay.Came Home got his name after a series of failed attempts in the sales ring; thus he was always coming home. One of these sales attempts included Came Home getting spooked and falling down.
 Conus ritae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Olenosus serrimanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Olenosus.
 Gypsochares aulotes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 Diduga trichophora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Bali Java Sumatra and Borneo as well as in southern Burma. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Hypotia metasialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Amsel in 1954. It is found in Iran.
 Ophiusa conspicienda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in West Africa Gabon and Uganda.
 Terebra mindanaoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Coleophora spumosella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It has a disjunct distribution and is found in France Switzerland Spain Italy Croatia and southern Russia.The larvae feed on Astragalus Dorycnium pentaphyllum Medicago and Ononis species. They create a black pistol case with a large transparent-white pallium that leaves a small part of the case uncovered. The mouth angle is about 45°. Larvae can be found from autumn to April.
 Macalla hypoxantha is a species of snout moths in the genus Macalla. It was described by Hampson in 1896 and is known from India including Sikkhim.
 Protantigius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Ascension Night Heron (Nycticorax olsoni) is an extinct Night heron species from the genus Nycticorax endemic to the South Atlantic island of Ascension. It is predominantly known from the bone fragments of six specimens found in guano deposits and caves on Ascension Island and described by Philip Ashmole Kenneth Edwin Laurence Ryder Simmons and William Richmond Postle Bourne in 2003.The Ascension Night Heron disappeared in the 16th century. Its scientific name commedorates Storrs L.
 Holcocera iubae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Astronotus is a genus of South American fish from the family Cichlidae. The genus is one of three genera which make up the tribe Chaetobranchini. There are two species in the genus (listed below) both of which are found in the Amazon Basin while one of two also is found in the Paraná and Paraguay rivers. Astronotus species grow to 35 cm in size and are monomorphic. They are opportunistic omnivores and consume a range of smaller fish crustaceans mollusks and other invertebrates in the wild.
 Herina is a genus of flies in the family Ulidiidae. It is possibly the largest genus in the family.It is a distinctive Ulidiidae genus of small to medium-sized dark species of about 3.5-5.5mm long with patterned wings. The head is variably yellowish reddish or darkened whilst the body is either shining black or with black dusted with grey. Many are found in marshland or calcareous grassland situations and in coastal wetlands.
 Vexillum praefulguratum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The White-throated Kingfisher (Halcyon smyrnensis) also known as the White-breasted Kingfisher or Smyrna Kingfisher is a tree kingfisher widely distributed in Eurasia from Bulgaria Turkey West Asia east through the Indian Subcontinent to the Philippines. This kingfisher is a resident over much of its range although some populations may make short distance movements.
 The Snow Mountains tree frog (Litoria napaea) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Spiriferina is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Late Silurian to the Middle Jurassic in Asia Europe North America South America and New Zealand.
 The Variable Ypsolopha Moth (Ypsolopha ustella) is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in most of Europe and is also present in North America.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. It is a variable species with numerous colour forms. Adults are on wing from mid July to April in western Europe but can be on wing nearly year round depending on the location. The species overwinters as an adult.The larvae feed on the upperside of the leaves of Quercus species. They live under a slight web.
 Praewoodsia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Cechenena is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Reeves' Smooth Skink (Scincella reevesii) is a species of skink.Distribution:China (Guangxi Guangdong Guizhou Hainan Hong Kong)Indochina west to Myanmar (formerly Burma) Thailand (L. pootipongi) Vietnam south to Western Malaysia India; Korea (fide WELCH 1990)
 Perloplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Paramantis nyassana is a species of praying mantis in genus Paramantis. Before a 1998 paper showed it was present in Zimbabwe it was hitherto unknown in Africa south of the Zambezi River.
 The Blackfin Sucker (Thoburnia atripinnis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in the United States in the headwaters of the Barren River system in south central Kentucky.
 Echinolittorina placida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles.
 Ramaperta is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Muricodrupa is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Holodactylus is a genus of small geckos collectively known as African Clawed Geckos.
 Dendropsophus microcephalus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is found in Belize Brazil Colombia Costa Rica French Guiana Guatemala Guyana Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Venezuela possibly Bolivia possibly El Salvador and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.
 The Grey-headed Chickadee or Siberian Tit (Poecile cinctus formerly Parus cinctus) is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. It is a widespread resident breeder throughout subarctic Scandinavia and northern Asia and also into North America in Alaska and the far northwest of Canada. It is a conifer specialist. It is resident and most birds do not migrate.
 Mordellistena gracilicornis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Saphenista carchiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).The wingspan is 12-13 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is glossy white with indistinct brownish suffusions mainly along the basal half of the costa. The hindwings are creamy white but paler basally.
 Marsyas is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Marsyas bahiae Tschitscherine 1900 Marsyas bicolor Straneo 1968 Marsyas cyanopterus (Tschitscherine 1897) Marsyas darlingtoni Straneo 1985 Marsyas elegans (Perty 1830) Marsyas franzi Straneo 1985 Marsyas humeralis Straneo 1968 Marsyas inaequalis Straneo 1968 Marsyas insignis (Brulle 1843) Marsyas intermedius Straneo 1968 Marsyas lampronotus Tschitscherine 1901 Marsyas latemarginatus Straneo 1968 Marsyas minutus Straneo 1951 Marsyas obliquecollis (Motschulsky 1866) Marsyas olivaceus Straneo 1968 Marsyas parallelus (Perty 1830) Marsyas proximus Straneo 1953 Marsyas subaeneus Straneo 1968 Marsyas viridiaeneus Chaudoir 1874↑
 Nyctemera adversata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Himalaya Nepal Bhutan north-eastern India Tibet Indochina Sichuan Yunnan Guangdong Hong Kong Hainan Guangxi Hunan Henan Zhejiang Jiangxi Fujian Taiwan Japan Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo.Nyctemera adversata is a day-flying species.The larvae feed on Erechtites Erigeron Gynura Picris Senecio and Miyata species.
 The Bornean Wren-Babbler (Ptilocichla leucogrammica) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phaonia valida is a species of fly. It is the type species of the genus Phaonia.
 Galomecalpa meridana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela Ecuador (Napo Province) and Peru.The length of the forewings is 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale whitish yellowwith faint brown marbling. The hindwings are cream white with faint light grey-brown marbling.
 The Dotted garden eel (Gorgasia punctata also known as the Peppered garden eel) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Seth Eugene Meek and Samuel Frederick Hildebrand in 1923. It is a non-migratory tropical marine eel which is known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean including Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.
 Platycheirus ramsaerensis is a species of hoverfly. It is found along the parts of northern Europe which face the Atlantic.
 Coreura cerealia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Ecuador.The forewings are deep black and the hindwings are rich glossy deep blue brightest near the base. The fringe is carmine-red. The head antennae legs and thorax are deep black and the abdomen bright glossy blue.
 Turbonilla pierrelozoueti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Craspedoxantha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Osteobrama bhimensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Osteobrama.
 Rhynchorhamphus malabaricus or Malabar halfbeak is a halfbeak of the family Hemiramphidae of the order Beloniformes.It is one of the four recognized species of the genus Rhynchorhamphus and can be found along the Western Indian Ocean from southern India to Sri Lanka.
 Doria's Green Snake Cyclophiops doriae is a species of snake found in China (Yunnan) Burma (Kachin Hills) and India (Assam).
 Spilarctia tamangi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1994. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam).
 Pratylenchus crenatus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Barbodes flavifuscus known locally as the Katapa-tapa is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Lake Lanao in Mindanao the Philippines. This species can reach a length of 10.5 centimetres (4.1 in) SL.
 Tripteridia subcomosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on the southern Moluccas and Borneo.
 Malkaridae is a small spider family with ten species in four genera.
 Bondia caseata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Victoria and South Australia.
 Synodontis serpentis the Tana squeaker is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Kenya where it is found in the Athi and Tana River systems. This species grows to a length of 12.4 centimetres (4.9 in) TL.
 Eupithecia brunneata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Oreina cacaliae is a species of broad-shouldered leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae subfamily Chrysomelinae.
 Asuroides dimidiata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Durante in 2008. It is found in Africa.
 Elaphristis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hoploscopa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Tridrepana flava is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya Taiwan Sundaland and Sulawesi.The larvae feed on the leaves of Eurya japonica. Mature larvae curl a leaf margin and fix it with silk to pupate inside.
 The Coroneted Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus coronulatus) also known as the Lilac-capped Fruit Dove is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Charlotte (1811–after 1828) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the inaugural running of the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1814. The Guineas was Charlotte's only race as a three-year-old but she returned to run four times in 1814. She won a Gold Cup at Stamford but was retired after being injured in a race at the same course a day later.
 Toleria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Coleophora cercidiphyllella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido Honshu).The wingspan is 9.5–11 mm.The larvae feed on Cercidiphyllum japonicum. They create a light greyish-brown tubular leaf-case gradually tapering towards the anal end. It is 5–6 mm in length with a large blackish dorsal patch which is transversely sculptured. They feed on the young leaves and can be found in May.
 Elusa inventa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Berio in 1977 and is known from China.
 The Greater Wilfred's Mouse Wilfredomys oenax is a rodent species from South America. It is found in southern Brazil and Uruguay in subtropical lowland forest. It is arboreal to some degree. It is the only species in the genus Wilfredomys.
 Asymphorodes plectographa is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Caltoris cormasa commonly known as the Full Stop Swift is a species of skipper butterfly found in Asia.
 Geoffroy's Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus clivosus) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family found in Africa. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation caves subterranean habitats (other than caves) and hot deserts.
 The Krueper's Small White (Pieris krueperi) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on the Balkan Peninsula and in Iran Baluchistan the Kopet-Dagh and from Asia Minor to Central Asia as well as in Oman. The habitat consists arid areas with scanty vegetation up to 2500 meters in the mountains.The wingspan is 44–54 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September in two or three generations per year.The larvae feed on Alyssum (including Alyssum montanum) and Aurinia species.
 The Ouachita pebblesnail scientific name †Somatogyrus amnicoloides was a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae.This species was endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat was rivers and it was named after the Ouachita River. This species is now extinct.
 Bitecta murina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Heylaerts in 1891. It is found on Java.
 Lozotaenia forsterana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe and parts of Asia.The wingspan is 20–29 mm. The moth flies from June to August.The larvae feed on various plants but prefer hedera helix.
 Heteroconger cobra sometimes known as the cobra garden eel is a species of garden eel of the family Congridae found in the western Central Pacific from Honiara the Solomon Islands to Port Moresby Papua New Guinea.They occur in colonies on sloping sand bottoms. They are known to be very frightened of humans. When they are spotted these eels will dart back into the holes they live in.
 Stigmatophora strigivenata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in Burma.
 Scintillo (born 6 February 2005) is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse which raced out of the United Kingdom. At the age two the colt won the Gran Criterium Group 1. Following an average three year old season he like his sire came into his own as a four year old winning several significant contests. These include the Grand Prix de Chantilly and the Winter Derby.
 Nassarius miga is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nssa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Coleophora parcella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Biturix venosata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Mexico Panama Costa Rica and southern Texas.
 Pachygnatha sundevalli is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
 The Dark-banded Renia (Renia factiosalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Canada to Florida and Texas.The wingspan is about 24 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September. There is one generation in the north-east two generations in Missouri and multiple generations in the south.The larvae feed on organic matter including dead leaves.
 Philarista porphyrinella is a moth of the Xyloryctidae family. It is found from southern Queensland to southern New South Wales where it occurs both inland and near the coast.The wingspan is about 32 mm. The forewings are creamy-ochreous with a purplish dark grey band from the costal half of the base of wing. The hindwings are yellow-ochreous the hindmargin black with short fine transverse black lines.Larvae have been recorded tunnelling the stems of Excocarpus cupressiformis.
 The orangutans are the two exclusively Asian species of extant great apes. Native to Indonesia and Malaysia orangutans are currently found in only the rainforests of Borneo and Sumatra. Classified in the genus Pongo orangutans were considered to be one species. However since 1996 they have been divided into two species: the Bornean orangutan (P. pygmaeus) and the Sumatran orangutan (P. abelii). In addition the Bornean species is divided into three subspecies.
 The California sea hare also known as the California sea slug scientific name Aplysia californica is a species of sea slug specifically a sea hare a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the sea hare family Aplysiidae.
 Hypochrysops halyaetus is a member of the Lycaenidae family of butterflies.
 Drum Taps was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He was a noted stayer showing his best form over distances in excess of two miles but was also successful over shorter distances. He won England’s most important staying race the Ascot Gold Cup in 1992 and 1993. In 1992 he was named European Champion Stayer of 1992 at the Cartier Racing Awards. He raced in seven different countries in a career which lasted from 1989 to 1993.
 The Moluccan Owlet-nightjar (Aegotheles crinifrons) also known as the Long-whiskered Owlet-nightjar is a species of bird in the Aegothelidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Southern Hyliota (Hyliota australis) is a species of Hyliota.It is found in Angola Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.
 Zweifel’s big-eyed tree frog Nyctimystes zweifeli is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Rusty Dot Pearl (Udea ferrugalis) is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in the Europe and Africa.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moth flies during the whole year but mainly in autumn depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Stachys Eupatorium cannabinum and Fragaria vesca.
 Carposina capnarcha is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1938. It is found in New Guinea.
 Anomoia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae. The name is frequently misspelled as Anomoea though the latter is a beetle genus.
 Eilema plana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland New South Wales and Victoria).The wingspan is about 30 mm. The wings are plain and can range in colour from white to pale brown.
 The Leaf Blotch Miner Moth (Acrocercops brongniardella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Europe and North America. In the USA it afflicts a variety of plants for example the widely occurring Bay Laurel tree.The wingspan is 8–10 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Polystictus is a genus of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It contains the following species: Bearded Tachuri (Polystictus pectoralis) Grey-backed Tachuri (Polystictus superciliaris)
 Agaone is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Agaone amazonica Bezark Santos-Silva & Martins 2011 Agaone bicolor (Linsley 1934) Agaone notabilis (White 1855) Agaone peruviensis (Fisher 1952) Agaone punctilla Martins & Santos-Silva 2010↑
 Acrolophus vespertilio is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Celidomphax is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Allen's big-eared bat (Idionycteris phyllotis) is a species of vesper bat. It occurs in Mexico and in Arizona California Nevada New Mexico and Utah in the United States.
 Odostomia improbabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pareas hamptoni also known as Hampton's Slug Snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae. This species is found in Thailand Myanmar China Laos Cambodia and Vietnam.
 Conus auricomus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mordellistena fuscipalpis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1967 by Ermisch.
 Sinustrombus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Mordella testaceiceps is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1927.
 The Eastern tarantula (Phlogius crassipes) also known as the Barking spider Bird-eating spider or Whistling spider is a species of tarantula native to North Queensland Australia.
 Heliocheilus vulpinotatus is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Queensland.
 Radhica is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Scolopendra viridicornis is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae that can be found on Indo-Burma border where its venom is used for medicine.
 Acerpenna is a genus of mayflies in the family Baetidae. It has at least three species.
 Dioptis pellucida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.There is a brown hindwing form which belongs to a mimicry complex with several Ithomiini species including Hypoleria lavinia Ithomia diasia Oleria amalda and Pseudoscada timna.
 Rhizotrogus angelesae is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain.
 Hyperplatys montana is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Casey in 1913 and is known from the southwestern United States.
 Biciragnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida which existed in what is now Kazakhstan. It was described by F. Ergaliev in 2001 and the type species is Biciragnostus biformis.
 Latirus gibbulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Theridion grallator also known as the happy face spider is a spider in the family Theridiidae. Its Hawaiian name is nananana makakiʻi (face-patterned spider). The specific epithet grallator is Latin for stilt walker a reference to the species' long spindly legs.
 Fulgurofusus atlantis is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Hypsipyla grandella is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in southern Florida (United States) most of the West Indies Sinaloa and southward in Mexico Central America South America except Chile and in Mauritius.The larvae cause damage by feeding on new shoots of mahogany and cedar trees (mahogany species (Swietenia spp.) and cedro known also as Spanish-cedar and tropical-cedar (Cedrela spp.).The larvae are often called mahogany shoot borers but the name may differ by country.
 Dalaca parafuscus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile.
 The doucs or douc langurs make up the genus Pygathrix which consists of these 3 species:Red-shanked douc Pygathrix nemaeusBlack-shanked douc Pygathrix nigripesGray-shanked douc Pygathrix cinereaThese colobine Old World monkeys native to Southeast Asia have an extremely striking appearance. The red-shanked douc characteristically has bright maroon legs and reddish patches around the eyes.
 The Selous' zebra (Equus quagga selousi) is a subspecies of the plains zebra spread over southeastern Africa. It is found mostly in Mozambique but nowadays it is critically endangered.
 The Andean caenolestid (Caenolestes condorensis) or Andean shrew opossum is a species of shrew opossum in the family Caenolestidae. It is known from one location at an altitude of 2000 m in the Cordillera del Cóndor in Ecuador.
 Euros osticollis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found along streams and seeps in south-western Oregon.The length of the forewings is 8-9 mm.The larvae probably feed on Darlingtonia species.
 Nemadactylus is a genus of morwongs.
 The Longtrunk conger (Ariosoma anale also known as the Short-tail conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Felipe Poey in 1860 originally under the genus Conger. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the western and eastern Atlantic Ocean including southern Florida Panama the Guianas and the Gulf of Guinea. It leads a benthic lifestyle and inhabits sand and rock at a depth range of 11-63 metres.
 Prochloridea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Homecoming Queen is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. She showed moderate form as a two-year-old in 2011 but demonstrated dramatic improvement in the spring of 2012 and won the 1000 Guineas by nine lengths. She was beaten in her two subsequent races and was retired to stud in July 2012.
 Colostethus fuliginosus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The white-edge freshwater whipray (Himantura signifer) is an extremely rare species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae native to four river systems in Southeast Asia. Measuring up to 60 cm (24 in) across this ray has an oval pectoral fin disc and a very long whip-like tail without fin folds.
 Leucanopsis nayapana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil Venezuela and Argentina.
 Threespot barb (Barbus trimaculatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Archipimima vermelhana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo Santa Catarina).The wingspan is about 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy tinged yellow along the wing edges and the middle and sprinkled with brownish. The markings are brown. The hindwings are creamy mixed with brownish on the periphery.
 Entomosterna ruficollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Hovore in 2010.
 Eucereon myrtusa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Mexico and Costa Rica.
 Clevelandia ios the Arrow goby is a species of goby native to marine and brackish waters of the Pacific coast of North America from British Columbia to Baja California. This species grows to a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) SL though most do not exceed 4.2 centimetres (1.7 in) TL. This fish can also be found displayed in public aquaria. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Great Stone-curlew or Great Thick-knee (Esacus recurvirostris) is a large wader which is a resident breeder in tropical southern Asia from India Pakistan Sri Lanka into South-east Asia.This species prefers gravel banks along rivers or large lakes and also beaches.
 The Galápagos damsel (Azurina eupalama) also known as the blackspot chromis is a possibly extinct fish species from the family Pomacentridae. It is endemic to the waters near the Galápagos Islands and Cocos Island.
 Pachylinae is the most diverse subfamily of the harvestman family Gonyleptidae including around 400 valid species. Major groups of species occur in the Brazilian Atlantic forest Bolivian/Peruvian highlands Argentina and Chilean temperate forest.
 Cyana basisticta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Ghana and Sierra Leone.
 Hellinsia magnus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 46 mm for males and 58 mm for females. The forewings are ferruginous-ochreous and the markings are brown. The hindwings are shining grey-brown and the fringes pale brown-grey. Adults are on wing in January and November.
 Podocephalus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
 Tolpia orientis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Thailand.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The hindwing is dark brown and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Rissopsetia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cimidae.
 Mordellistena zoltani is a species of beetle in the Mordellidae family which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1977 and can be found in Croatia and Hungary.
 Hemiolaus cobaltina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern and north-western Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Ferruginous-backed Antbird (Myrmeciza ferruginea) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Forest Semilooper (Declana floccosa) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to New Zealand.The wingspan is 27–35 mm and is extremely variable in colour and patterning.The larvae feed on a wide range of native and exotic broad-leaved and coniferous shrubs and trees. Exotic hosts include Pinus radiata and other Pinus species Pseudotsuga menziesii Larix and Eucalyptus.
 The Brown-capped Pygmy Woodpecker (Dendrocopos nanus) is a species of woodpecker found in Pakistan India and Sri Lanka.
 The domine is a tropical species of snake mackerel found in all oceans at depths of from 100 to 185 metres (328 to 607 ft). This species can reach a length of 100 centimetres (39 in) SL though most do not exceed 45 centimetres (18 in) SL. While not specifically targeted this fish is edible and is eaten when caught. This species is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Ischnochiton mawsoni is a species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.
 Mimoides is a genus of butterflies in the family Papilionidae. They are native to the Americas.
 Pseudophaloe troetschi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama.
 Amblypneustes leucoglobus is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae. Their armour is covered with spines. It came from the genus Amblypneustes and lives in the sea. Amblypneustes leucoglobus was first scientifically described in 1914 by Döderlein.
 Eristparcula brunniuba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).
 Hestiochora erythrota is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Queensland.
 Daphnia lumholtzi is a small invasive water flea that originates in the tropical and subtropical lakes of Africa Asia and Australia. As an invasive species Daphnia lumholtzi disrupts aquatic habitats by spreading throughout the warmer waters of lakes and reservoirs.
 Marginella floccata (Wooly Marginella) is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Komatosuchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Siphonaria gigas common name the giant false limpet is a species of air-breathing sea snail or false limpet a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae the false limpets.
 Jocqueius malawicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Jocqueius.
 Phyllonorycter populicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tajikistan.The larvae feed on Populus species including Populus afghanica and Populus tadshikistanica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The date stone beetle or button beetle Coccotrypes dactyliperda is an insect belonging to the bark beetles (Scolytinae). It feeds on and spends part of its life cycle in dates the fruits of the date palm (Phoenix dactylifera). Because of its damage to dates it is considered a pest.Adults of the species are reddish-brown and 1.8–2.3 mm (0.07–0.09 in) long with a convex shape and hairs on the dorsal surface.
 Sinipolia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Transtillaspis pichinchana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with an ochreous brown admixture. The suffusions strigulae and spots are brown and the markings are brown with some dark brown parts. The hindwings are pale brownish but more cream in the basal third.
 Hybomitra aterrima is a species of horse fly in the family Tabanidae.
 The Sigmoid Dart (Eueretagrotis sigmoides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern North America species. In southern Canada it is found from Ontario to central Saskatchewan and in the United States from Maine to Minnesota south to western Maryland Ohio and western Kentucky. It has recently been recorded from North Carolina and Tennessee.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.
 Rhinotoides is a genus of beetles which belong to the belids.
 Patelloida heroldi is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Tricuspes is an extinct genus of cynodont that lived in what would be Europe during the Triassic from 203.6—199.6 mya existing for approximately 4 million years. Three species are known: Tricuspes tubingensis Huene 1933 Tricuspes sigogneauae Hahn et al. 1994 and Tricuspes tapeinodon Godefroit and Battail 1997 which are all from the Late Triassic (Rhaetian) period in continental Europe.
 The Diprionidae are a small family of conifer-feeding sawflies (thus the common name conifer sawflies though other Symphyta feed on conifers) restricted to the Northern Hemisphere with some 90 species in 11 genera worldwide. Larvae are often gregarious and sometimes there can be major outbreaks thus these wasps can be major forest pests at times.The family is distinctive in having antennae with about 20 flagellomeres and serrate or pectinate.
 Janthinea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellistena pallida is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Champion in 1896.
 Xenostega is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acontistella is an insect found in northern South America.
 The Mexican Tortoiseshell (Nymphalis cyanomelas) is a species in the Nymphalidae family. It resides from southern Mexico to El Salvador. See also Anglewing butterflies.
 Phyllonorycter fragilella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (Texas Maine Michigan New York Massachusetts Illinois and Wyoming).The wingspan is 8.5-9 mm.The larvae feed on Lonicera species (including Lonicera sempervirens and Lonicera × bella Zabel 'albida') Symphoricarpos species (including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus and Symphoricarpos vulgaris) and Chiococca alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Kura barbel or Mtkvari barbel (Barbus lacerta) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Rockfel (1935–November 1941) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning two Classics in 1938. In a career which lasted from July 1937 until May 1939 she ran thirteen times and won eight races. Rockfel began her career at the lowest level being beaten in a selling race but improved to become recognised as one of the best British racemares of the 20th century.
 Sphingonaepiopsis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Indian Charlie (March 27 1995 – 2011) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1998 Grade 1 Santa Anita Derby equaling the stakes record time but is best known as an important sire of Champions.
 Epilepia melanosparsalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Epilepia. It was described by Janse in 1922 and is known from South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Imbophorus pallidus is a species of moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Conus archon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Purple-edged Copper (Lycaena hippothoe) is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. Length of male: 16–17 mm. Period of flight: June–July one generation range around 1500 m. Plants favoured: Rumex spp. and Polygonum bistorta. Home: Western Europe around the region of the river Amur.
 Turbonilla carlosruizi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Myripristis vittata is a Soldierfish from the Indo-Pacific.
 Triportheus is a genus of characiform fishes from South America including Trinidad.
 Macroglossum saga is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal north-eastern India southern China northern Vietnam Taiwan South Korea Japan and northern and western Thailand. The single record from the Russian Far East is of a vagrant.The wingspan is 54–66 mm. The head and thorax upperside have a darker mesial streak. The abdomen upperside has two yellow lateral patches with a further vestigial patch on the second segment and a double series of dark dorsal spots.
 Oxygnathus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oxygnathus aboranus Andrewes 1929 Oxygnathus elongatus (Wiedemann 1823)↑
 Paralacydes jeskei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grünberg in 1911. It is found in Botswana Namibia and South Africa.
 Anthidium cockerelli is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Deuterocopus devosi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from New Guinea.The wingspan is about 10 mm. Adults are on wing in March and November.
 Glyphostoma purpurascens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Amerila bubo is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Namibia Rwanda South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Erythroxylum coca Bridelia Erythrina Ficus congensis Musa sapientum Coffea and Solanum species.
 Coleophora superlonga is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Ukraine and southern Russia.The larvae feed on Suaeda altissima Suaeda microphylla Salsola soda and Kochia prostrata. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 The costero (Sotalia guianensis) is a dolphin found in the coastal waters to the north and east of South America and east of Central America. The common name costero has been suggested by Caballero and colleagues due to the species' affinity for coastal habitats. It is also known as the Guyana dolphin. The costero is a member of the oceanic dolphin family (Delphinidae). Physically it resembles the bottlenose dolphin.
 Entheus eumelus is a species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Central America to Surinam.
 Diduga dorsolobata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm.
 Tolna macrosema is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.
 The Brasília Tapaculo (Scytalopus novacapitalis) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Echinolittorina austrotrochoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Udea helioxantha is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Labordea prasina is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in Central Madagascar.The wings of this species are pale green the costal area bluer-green divided by oblique snow-white dashes.The male of this species has a wingspan of 30 mm. It was described by a specimen from Ankafana central Madagascar.
 Hirsutopalpis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Volvarina lactea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Aggustiana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Meghimatium is a genus of medium to large air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Philomycidae and the superfamily Arionoidea the roundback slugs.
 The Afghan Vole (Blanfordimys afghanus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in south-central Asia.
 The Steller's Jay (Cyanocitta stelleri) is a jay native to western North America closely related to the Blue Jay found in the rest of the continent but with a black head and upper body. It is also known as the Long-crested Jay Mountain Jay and Pine Jay. It is the only crested jay west of the Rocky Mountains.The Steller's Jay shows a great deal of regional variation throughout its range. Blackish-brown-headed birds from the north gradually become bluer-headed farther south.
 Hallaxa apefae is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae.
 The Early Bumblebee or Early-nesting Bumblebee (Bombus pratorum) is a small bumblebee with a wide distribution in most of Europe and parts of Asia.
 Nabis ponticus is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Chamaesphecia leucopsiformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Great Britain the Benelux Portugal Denmark Fennoscandia the Baltic region and Greece) and Turkey.The wingspan is 18–21 mm. Adults are in wing from August to September.The larvae feed on Euphorbia cyparissias Euphorbia esula andEuphorbia seguieriana.
 Ellobiidae common name the hollow-shelled snails is a family of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata. Ellobiidae is the only family in the superfamily Ellobioidea according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Broomicephalus is an extinct genus of gorgonopsid. It was relatively small 1.1 m long with a 21 cm skull.
 Anoiapithecus is an extinct genus of ape thought to be closely related to Dryopithecus. Both genera lived during the Miocene approximately 12 million years ago. Fossil specimens named by Salvador Moyà-Solà Anoiapithecus brevirostris are known from deposits from Spain.The discoverers describe Anoiapithecus brevirostris as a hominoid (superfamily Hominoidea) in the Dryopithecine tribe.
 Apothetoeca is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Hong is a genus of ladybird.
 Turbonilla coseli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Orthogonius himalayicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2005.
 Leptotyphlops affinis or the Venezuela blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Scabricola vicdani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Dipentaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 The California night snake (Hypsiglena torquata nuchalata) is a subspecies of small colubrid snake native to California.
 Pseudopostega latisaccula is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is probably widespread in the Greater Antilles but currently known only from Dominica (where it is common) and Puerto Rico.The length of the forewings is 2-2.4 mm. Adults are mostly white. Adults have been collected throughout most of the year with records for January from to March to June and August.
 Acrolophus walsinghami is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Puerto Rico.
 Plutella armoraciae is a moth of the Plutellidae family. It is found in north-western North America.The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults superficially look like a very pale Plutella xylostella.The larvae feed on Armoracia species.
 Histricosceptrum xenismatis is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Trupanea stellata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trupanea of the family Tephritidae.
 Lespesia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Melieria pallipes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 The royal plec royal pleco or royal panaque Panaque nigrolineatus is a herbivorous freshwater armored catfish native to Brazil Colombia and Venezuela where it occurs in the Orinoco and Amazon basins. It is known for being one of the few fish that digest wood. It is the type species of its genus. It grows to a length of 43.0 centimetres (16.9 in) and is a popular aquarium fish.
 Trichromia eximius is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Peru.
 Leptodon is a genus of birds of prey. Its two members are similar with a grey head black upperparts and white underparts. They are: Grey-headed Kite Leptodon cayanensis White-collared Kite Leptodon forbesiGrey-headed Kite is a widespread species breeding from eastern Mexico and Trinidad south to Peru Bolivia and northern Argentina. However White-collared Kite is restricted to northeastern Brazil and is classified as Critically Endangered.
 Clypeomorus persicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Anisotenes spodotes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Provia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phlogothauma is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Microdes asystata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (including New South Wales the type location).
 The Chlopsidae or false morays are a family of eels found in coral reefs worldwide. As their name suggests they somewhat resemble moray eels in appearance. However they are smaller than true morays ranging from 11 to 42 cm (4.3 to 16.5 in) in length.
 The Slender-billed White-eye (Zosterops tenuirostris) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to Norfolk Island.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kyphosus sydneyanus the Silver drummer is a species of sea chub native to the Pacific Ocean from Australia to New Zealand where it occurs in shallow waters on rocky reefs. This species can reach a length of up to 80 centimetres (31 in) TL and they may weigh up to 1.1 kilograms (2.4 lb). This species is important as a food fish for local indigenous peoples.
 Callona is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Callona basilea (Bates 1880) Callona championi (Bates 1885) Callona flavofasciata Chemsak & Hovore in Eya & Tyson 2011 Callona iridescens (White 1853) Callona lampros (Bates 1885) Callona praestans (Casey 1912) Callona rimosa (Buquet 1840) Callona rutilans (Bates 1869) Callona thoracica (White 1853) Callona tricolor G. R. Waterhouse 1840↑
 Veronicella cubensis common name the Cuban slug is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae the leatherleaf slugs.
 The Fijian monkey-faced bat (Mirimiri acrodonta) is a megabat endemic to Fiji. It was discovered in old-growth cloud forest on Des Vœux Peak the second highest mountain peak (1195 m) on the island of Taveuni by William and Ruth Beckon in 1976 and is Fiji's only endemic mammal. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss. It has recently been transferred from Pteralopex to its own monotypic genus Mirimiri.
 Angle Light (April 18 1970 - unknown) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by Howard B. Noonan and Runnymede Farm and was purchased and raced by Edwin Whittaker. Sired by 1964 Belmont Stakes winner Quadrangle he was out of the mare Pilot Light.Trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Lucien Laurin Angle Light remains best known for winning the April 21 1973 Wood Memorial Stakes at Aqueduct Racetrack in Ozone Park Queens New York.
 Corydoras nanus is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in inland waters in South America and is found in the Suriname and Maroni River basins in Suriname and the Iracoubo River basin in French Guiana.This fish has been found in creeks with a moderate current 0.5 to 3 m wide shallow (20 cm to 50 cm depth) with sandy to sandy-muddy bottom and not brightly illuminated.
 Sciara is a genus of fungus gnats that feed on decaying organic matter and fungi and are often found in greenhouses. Their larvae are up to 6 mm long white slender and legless with a black head and smooth semi-transparent skin which reveals the contents of the digestive tract.The adult fly is small up to 3 mm has a dark brown body small head and its legs and wings are comparatively long looking like a mosquito.Sex determination in sciara is a different mechanism.
 Chauvetia pardofasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Favartia radwini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Bidorpitia columna is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).The wingspan is about 14 mm for males and 27 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is pale ferruginous to the middle and dark brownish ferruginous in the posterior are with refractive suffusions and rust brown strigulation. The markings are brown with a rust admixture. The hindwings are cream tinged with orange in the terminal third.
 Cameraria pentekes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from British Columbia in Canada and California and Washington in the United States.The length of the forewings is 3–5 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus douglasii and Quercus lobata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong to ovoid. The epidermis is opaque to green yellow. Mines are all located to one side of the midrib on the lower half of the leaf.
 Xanclomys is a small mammal from the Paleocene of North America. It was a genus within the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and family Neoplagiaulacidae.The genus Xanclomys named by Rigby J.K. in 1980 is also known as Xancolomys. The identification is based on a single species Xanclomys mcgrewi. Fossil remains were found in the Torrejonian (Paleocene)-age strata of the Swain Quarry in Wyoming (U.S.). Affinities are uncertain.
 Mangelia multilineolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Novopsocus magnus is a species of Pseudocaeciliidae that lives on the island of New Guinea. Males of this species were first thought by Thornton (1984) to be males of N. stenopterus but Cuénoud (2008) showed that it is indeed a separate species by identifying real males of N. stenopterus and actual females of N. magnus.
 Timandromorpha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Alucita pepperella is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found on Rennell Island.
 Arion obesoductus is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae the round-back slugs.
 The genus Prioniturus contains nine parrot species found in the Philippines and Indonesia. They are easily distinguished from all other parrots by their elongated central tail feathers with the bare shaft and spatula at the end.
 The Buff-headed Coucal (Centropus milo) is a species of coucal. These are often placed in the cuckoo family (Cuculidae) but seem to warrant recognition as a distinct family. C. milo is a common endemic of the central islands of the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland and mountain forests mostly in primary and secondary growth.This species is a large cuckoo with a heavy bill and short wings.
 Andraca bipunctata is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan) and India. The larvae are referred to as Bunch Caterpillars.The wingspan is 42-45 mm. Adults are rather variable in coloration and size. Adults have been recorded from March to April May to June July to August and October to November.The larvae feed on Camellia sinensis Camellia assamica and Camellia oleifera and are a well-known serious pests of tea trees.
 Glyphipterix codonias is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in New Zealand.
 Gunda javanica is a moth of the Bombycidae family. It is found in the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya Burma Sundaland Palawan and Sulawesi. The habitat consists of lowland rainforest.
 Tinoliodes dehanna is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1885. It is found in Sundaland. The habitat consists of rain forests from the lowlands up to 1.500 meters.The forewings are medium brownish grey with pink and yellow costal and dorsal patches. The hindwings are similar with a complete medial band and a basal pinkish zone.
 Euxesta basalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Mindarus harringtoni is a species of aphid. The insect was discovered when Richard Harrington a scientist and vice-president of the Royal Entomological Society of London won an auction on eBay for a fossilized specimen later to discover it was an unknown species. The fossil was bought from an individual from Lithuania.
 Callianassidae is a family of ghost shrimp of the order Decapoda. It is divided into 13 subfamilies and 42 genera:
 Opisthostoma jucundum is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Malaysia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xerochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rhopalosiphum is a genus of aphid of the family Aphididae that includes 16 species worldwide. In addition to direct behavior as pests on host plants some species are vectors for viral pathogens.
 Aselliscus is a genus of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It contains the following species: Stoliczka's Trident Bat (Aselliscus stoliczkanus) Temminck's Trident Bat (Aselliscus tricuspidatus)
 Phryganopteryx griveaudi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1958. It is found in Madagascar.
 Heterosternuta is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Heterosternuta allegheniana (Matta & Wolfe 1979) Heterosternuta cocheconis (Fall 1917) Heterosternuta diversicornis (Sharp 1882) Heterosternuta folkertsi (Wolfe & Matta 1979) Heterosternuta jeanneae (Wolfe & Matta 1979) Heterosternuta jenniferae (Wolfe & Matta 1979) Heterosternuta laeta (Leech 1948) Heterosternuta ohionis (Fall 1917) Heterosternuta oppositus (Say 1823) Heterosternuta ouachita (Matta & Wolfe 1979) Heterosternuta phoebeae Wolfe & Harp 2003 Heterosternuta pulchra (LeConte 1855) Heterosternuta sulphuria (Matta & Wolfe 1979) Heterosternuta wickhami (Zaitzev 1908)↑
 Trombidium dacicum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae. It is found in Poland and Romania.
 Trichomycterus trefauti is a species of pencil catfish presently only known from the upper basin of the São Francisco River in Minas Gerais state Brazil.This is a small cylindrical catfish (35–55 mm standard length) which can most readily be distinguished from its congeners by its uniformly grey colouring marked only by a distinctive elliptical dark spot at the base of the caudal fin.
 The least weasel (Mustela nivalis) or simply weasel in the UK is the smallest member of the genus Mustela and of the family Mustelidae (as well as the smallest of the Carnivora) native to Eurasia North America and North Africa though it has been introduced elsewhere. It is classed as Least Concern by the IUCN due to its wide distribution and presumably large population. Despite its small size the least weasel is a fierce hunter capable of killing a rabbit 5–10 times its own weight.
 Sycacantha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Haliotis dissona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Eutrypanus mucoreus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1872 and is known from eastern Mexico Colombia Venezuela and Ecuador.
 The Hispaniolan Emerald (Chlorostilbon swainsonii) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Apamea zeta is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It has a Holarctic distribution and can be found throughout the Northern Hemisphere. It occurs throughout Europe and the northern half of North America.The wingspan is 43–50 mm. The moth is quite variable but it is often gray-green in color. Adults are on wing from July to August in Britain.The larvae are cutworms that feed on various grasses. In North America the cutworm can be found on fescues in alpine tundra habitat.
 Phidippus princeps is a rare species of jumping spider found in Canada and the United States. These jumping spiders' vision exceeds by a factor of ten that of dragonflies which have the best vision among insects.
 Stenele is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Plagiostropha quintuplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Vittabotys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eois odatis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Babylonia perforata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Babyloniidae.
 Paretroplus tsimoly is a species of cichlid fish from the Betsiboka River basin in northwestern Madagascar. Like other members of the lamena group it is a rheophile (although less so than Oxylapia polli). This relatively elongate Paretroplus reaches about 16 centimetres (6.3 in) in length and is closely related to P. lamenabe and P. nourissati.
 Anoploscelus is a spider genus in the Theraphosidae familia. It is native to East Africa.
 Psilonaxa was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Naxa.
 Siccia adiaphora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1958. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Sulcospira schmidti is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.
 Callochromis macrops is a species cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is found over sandy bottoms. This species reaches a length of 13.5 centimetres (5.3 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Waryfishes are deep-sea aulopiform fishes in the small family Notosudidae. They are thought to have a circumglobal distribution in subarctic to subantarctic waters. The family name Notosudidae derives from the Greek noton (back) and Latin sudis (a fish esox the name of salmon).
 Cyphaspis is a genus of trilobite that lived from the Late Ordovician to the Late Devonian. Its remains have been found in Europe Africa and North America.
 Calliphora hilli is a blow fly species in the genus Calliphora.
 Virachola is a group of butterfly species in the family Lycaenidae it used to be considered a valid Genus but recent authors consider it as a sub-genus of Deudorix.Species include:Virachola isocrates - common guava blueVirachola perse - large guava blue↑
 Ecthetis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chrysoclista splendida is a species of moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Portugal France Germany Poland Slovakia the Czech Republic Austria Hungary Romania Bulgaria and the Republic of Macedonia. There are also records from Sweden.The wingspan is 14–17 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to June.The larvae feed on Salix species including Salix alba Salix purpurea and Salix fragilis.
 Metisella trisignatus the Three-spot Sylph' is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Zambia.
 Cephetola epitolina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Rhabdotis giannatelli is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Orthogonius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Orthogonius acrogonus (Wiedemann 1819) Orthogonius acutangulus Chaudoir 1878 Orthogonius adoriae Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius aemulus Peringuey 1896 Orthogonius alternans (Wiedemann 1823) Orthogonius alutaceus Quedenfeldt 1883 Orthogonius andrewesi Emden 1928 Orthogonius andrewesianus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius angkor Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius angustus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius annamensis Jedlicka 1965 Orthogonius annamicola Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius annemariae Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius assamensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius assamicola Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius assmuthi Wasmann 1920 Orthogonius baconi Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius balthasari Jedlicka 1935 Orthogonius batesi Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius batesianus Tian & Deuve 2007 Orthogonius batesioides Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius baumi Jedlicka 1955 Orthogonius becqueti Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius bicolor Jedlicka 1965 Orthogonius borneoensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius brancuccii Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius brevilabris H.Kolbe 1889 Orthogonius brevithorax Dejean 1825 Orthogonius bruggei Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius buqueti Chaudoir 1850 Orthogonius burckhardti Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius burmanensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius caffer Boheman 1848 Orthogonius cambodgensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius canaraensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius canaraicola Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius capucinus Boheman 1848 Orthogonius carbonicolor Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius celebesicus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius chaudoiri Tian & Deuve 2001 Orthogonius cheni Tian & Deuve 2001 Orthogonius chiangensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius clarkei Murray 1858 Orthogonius confusus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius constanti Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius coomani Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius coracinus H.Kolbe 1896 Orthogonius crassicrus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius cruralis Putzeys In Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius curvatus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius cyclothorax Tian & Deuve 2007 Orthogonius davidi Chaudoir 1878 Orthogonius deletus Schmidt-Gobel 1846 Orthogonius dispar Bates 1892 Orthogonius dohertyi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius dongnanya Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius doriae Putzeys In Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius drescheri Liebke 1937 Orthogonius drumonti Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius duboisi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius duplicatus (Wiedemann 1819) Orthogonius dupuisi Basilewsky 1948 Orthogonius dureli Tian & Deuve 2005 Orthogonius edentatus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius elisabethanus Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius emarginatus Tian & Deuve 2007 Orthogonius equimarginalis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius fairmairei Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius feai Tian & Deuve 2007 Orthogonius femoralis Chaudoir 1848 Orthogonius flavipes Deuve 2004 Orthogonius flavus Jedlicka 1964 Orthogonius foersteri Andrewes 1931 Orthogonius foveiclypeus Tian & Deuve 2004 Orthogonius fryi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius fugax Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius gracilipes Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius gracilis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius grootaerti Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius hageni Oberthur 1883 Orthogonius himalaya Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius himalayicus Tian & Deuve 2005 Orthogonius hirtulus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius hirtus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius hopei Gray 1832 Orthogonius huananoides Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius huananus Tian & Deuve 2001 Orthogonius hypocrita Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius hypocritoides Jedlicka 1935 Orthogonius impunctipennis Quedenfeldt 1883 Orthogonius indicus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius indophilus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius inexpectatus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius inops Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius insularis Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius intermedius Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius javanus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius jianfengling Tian & Deuve 2001 Orthogonius kalimantanensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius kapiriensis Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius katangensis Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius kickeli H.Kolbe 1896 Orthogonius klickai Jedlicka 1935 Orthogonius kubani Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius kumatai Habu 1979 Orthogonius lancangjiang Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius lao Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius latreillei Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius latus Hope 1842 Orthogonius ledouxi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius legrandi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius lieftincki Andrewes 1936 Orthogonius loeicus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius loeiensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius longicornis Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius longipennis Hope 1842 Orthogonius longiphallus Tian & Deuve 2005 Orthogonius lucidus Bates 1891 Orthogonius luzonicus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius maindronianus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius makiling Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius malacca Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius malaisei Andrewes 1947 Orthogonius malaya Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius malaysiaensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius medanensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius mekongensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius melanipes Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius mellyi (Chaudoir 1850) Orthogonius minimus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius mniszechi Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius moestus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius monolophus Andrewes 1931 Orthogonius montanus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius morvani Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius mouhoti Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius myanmarensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius nahaeo Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius nepalensis Habu 1979 Orthogonius nepalicus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius niger Jedlicka 1935 Orthogonius nigripes Tian & Deuve 2001 Orthogonius nyassicus H.Kolbe 1896 Orthogonius obliquepes Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius opacus Schmidt-Gobel 1846 Orthogonius orphnodes Andrewes 1930 Orthogonius ovatulus Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius ovatus Chaudoir 1878 Orthogonius pachlatkoi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius palangbangensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius panghongae Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius pangi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius parallelus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius parastantoni Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius parasuturalis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius parcepunctatus H.Kolbe 1896 Orthogonius paris Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius parvus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius perakensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius perakicus Tian & Deuve 2007 Orthogonius perpuncticollis Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius petiolaris Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius piceus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius picilabris W.S.Macleay 1825 Orthogonius picipennis Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius pinguis Murray 1858 Orthogonius planiger (Walker 1858) Orthogonius plebius Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius poggii Tian & Deuve 2007 Orthogonius politus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius pollinctor Basilewsky 1948 Orthogonius pradieri Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius pseudocheni Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius pseudolongicornis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius punctatellus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius punctulatus Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius putzeysi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius quadrisetosus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius rhodesianus Csiki 1932 Orthogonius rhodesiensis Lorenz 1998 Orthogonius ribbei Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius rotundatus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius rufiventris Bates 1892 Orthogonius rufotestaceus G.Muller 1941 Orthogonius sabahensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius salvazai Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius sarawakensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius saundersi Andrewes 1926 Orthogonius schaumi Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius schaumioides Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius schauteni Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius schmidtgoebeli Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius senegalensis (Dejean 1831) Orthogonius siamensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius simplicatus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius singaporensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius sinuatiphallus Tian & Deuve 2001 Orthogonius smetsi Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius solidicornis Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius solidus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius spinosus Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius srilankaicus Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius stantoni Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius sterbai Jedlicka 1935 Orthogonius stygius Andrewes 1930 Orthogonius sulawesicus Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius sulcatoides Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius sulcatus Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Orthogonius sumatraicus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius suturalis Chaudoir 1871 Orthogonius tangsen Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius tenasserimensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius termiticola Wasmann 1902 Orthogonius thaicus Tian & Deuve 2003 Orthogonius thaiensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius thailandensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius thoracicus Gestro 1875 Orthogonius tikekee Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius tonkinensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius tonkinicus Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius travancore Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius tricarinatus Burgeon 1937 Orthogonius uncipennis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius virgulatus Andrewes 1931 Orthogonius wallardiensis Tian & Deuve 2006 Orthogonius xanthomerus L. 
 Cataclysta lampetialis is a Crambidae species in the genus Cataclysta. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Australia.
 Anaspis is a large genus of beetles belonging to the family Scraptiidae. These small beetles are sometimes falsely called tumbling flower beetles (Family:Mordellidae) as they occur in large numbers on flowers and have a habit of tumbling to the ground when disturbed. They do not have a vernacular common name but some recent authors have coined the name false flower beetles.
 Chilomycterus reticulatus common name spotfin burrfish spotted burrfish or purgeon fish is a species of fish in the genus Chilomycterus.
 Leiostyla relevata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.
 Storthodontus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Storthodontus aegeon Chaudoir 1862 Storthodontus ambreanus Boileau 1902 Storthodontus boileaui Alluaud 1930 Storthodontus bresseti Boileau 1902 Storthodontus diastictus Alluaud 1930 Storthodontus elegans Jeannel 1946 Storthodontus impressifrons (Fairmaire 1898) Storthodontus mathiauxi Jeannel 1946 Storthodontus nimrod Chaudoir 1855 Storthodontus peyrierasi Basilewsky 1973 Storthodontus reticulatus Basilewsky 1957↑
 Mormoscopa sordescens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Australia including Queensland and New South Wales.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults are brown with a pale scalloped margin to each wing.
 Epitola urania the Purple Giant Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Tarachodes dissimulator is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Gorgopis annulosa is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Trophon distantelamellatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Allardina katangana is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Allardina.
 Glyphipterix luteocapitella is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Caradja in 1926. It is found in Russia (Amur).
 Alvania precipitata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The gafftopsail catfish Bagre marinus is found in the waters of the western central Atlantic Ocean as well as the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. It has long venomous spines which can cause painful wounds. It feeds on crustaceans and other fish. The male of the species fertilizes the eggs of the female and broods them in his mouth until they hatch. The gafftopsail feeds throughout the water column.
 Thyasiridae is a family of bivalve molluscs including the cleft clams.
 Northern February red (Brachyptera putata) is a species of stonefly in the family Taeniopterygidae.
 Mordellistena terminata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1946.
 Pisidium lilljeborgii is a species of freshwater bivalve from family Sphaeriidae.
 Hypsopygia regina is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Butler in 1879 and is known from Korea Japan Myanmar India and Russia.Adults are on wing from June to August.
 The black leopard is one of three animals called panther – the others are the black jaguar and the cougar.The leopard (Panthera pardus) is a member of the Felidae family with a wide range in some parts of Africa and tropical Asia from Siberia South and West Asia to across most of sub-Saharan Africa. It is listed as Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List because it is declining in large parts of its range due to habitat loss and fragmentation and hunting for trade and pest control.
 Trichromia aurantiipennis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana Brazil and Peru.
 Astalor is a genus of potter wasps.
 Squalus formosus is a species in the genus of Squalus. It was accidentally found in Taiwan's Tashi Fish Market by William T. White and a colleague of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in Hobart Australia. They named it S. formosus (Formosa being a former name for Taiwan).
 The Northern Large Darter (Telicota ohara) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Oriental and Australian Regions but not on the Pacific islands.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Flagellaria indica. It constructs a shelter from a rolled leaf in which it hides by day. At night it emerges to feed on the base of the leaves around the shelter.
 The northern fin whale (Balaenoptera physalus physalus) is a subspecies of fin whale that lives in the North Atlantic Ocean and North Pacific Ocean. It is possible that the population in each ocean represents a separate subspecies. At least one other subspecies of fin whale the southern fin whale (B. p. quoyi) exists in the southern hemisphere.
 Chlanidota paucispiralis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Sakesphorus is a genus of birds in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. It contains the following species: Black-crested Antshrike (Sakesphorus canadensis) Silvery-cheeked Antshrike (Sakesphorus cristatus) Glossy Antshrike (Sakesphorus luctuosus)
 Cyprinella caerulea the blue shiner is a species of shiner that is located in the southeastern area of the United States. It is listed as endangered under the IUCN and threatened under the federal government. This paper includes strategies aimed at returning the blue shiner to stability by stopping the degradation of water quality. This species of shiner is endemic to the Cahaba and Coosa River systems of the Mobile Basin in Alabama.
 The Bornean orangutan Pongo pygmaeus is a species of orangutan native to the island of Borneo. Together with the Sumatran orangutan it belongs to the only genus of great apes native to Asia. Like the other great apes orangutans are highly intelligent displaying advanced tool use and distinct cultural patterns in the wild.
 Scopula napariata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
 Epilobocera sinuatifrons (Spanish common name: Buruquena) is a freshwater crab of the Pseudothelphusidae family in the Decapoda order. The species is common in the Toro Negro State Forest in central Puerto Rico. It is one of the most abundant predatory freshwater decapods. The species is widely distributed in streams of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. It is endemic to the mainland of Puerto Rico.
 The Temminck’s Lark or Temminck’s Horned Lark (Eremophila bilopha) breeds across much of north Africa through northern Saudi Arabia to western Iraq. It is mainly resident but some populations of this passerine bird are partially migratory moving further south in winter.This lark is a bird of open stony semi-desert. Its nest is on the ground with 2-4 eggs being laid.
 Quechuamyia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Dimya is a genus of very small clams marine bivalve molluscs in the family Dimyidae.
 Timon tangitanus common name Moroccan Eyed Lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
 Endotricha melanchroa is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in northern and western Australia.
 The Sulphur-winged Parakeet (Pyrrhura hoffmanni) also known as the Hoffmann's Conure in aviculture is a medium-small parrot endemic to humid highland forests and woodlands in Costa Rica and western Panama. It occurs up to 3000 m asl and locally down to 1300 m in the wet season. It is named for the German naturalist Karl Hoffmann.
 Chrysallida sergei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Luciosudis normani the Paperbones is a species of waryfish found in the ocean depths from 500 to 800 metres (1600 to 2600 ft). This species grows to a length of 20.7 centimetres (8.1 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Corophium is a genus of the amphipod family Corophiidae. Formerly a much larger genus many species have been transferred to segregate genera such as Monocorophium and Crassicorophium.
 Niphonissa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Odontopera.
 Osteocephalus exophthalmus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guyana.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Stathmopoda crocophanes is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 0.4 (10 mm). Adults are yellow with two broad dark brown triangles on each forewing. The hindwings are dark brown with yellow tips. The inner margin of each wing has a hairy fringe wider than the wing itself.The larvae live in dead leaf litter.
 Heminoemacheilus is a small genus of stone loaches endemic to China.
 The Pictorella Mannikin or Pictorella Munia (Heteromunia pectoralis) is a species of bird in the family Estrildidae. It belongs to the monotypic genus Heteromunia.[citation needed] It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. More common than previously believed it is downlisted again from Near Threatened status - which was assigned in 1994 - to a species of Least Concern in the 2007 IUCN Red List.
 Ophideres is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Glyphipterix imparfasciata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Arita in 1979. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 The Hispaniolan Lizard Cuckoo (Coccyzus longirostris) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Orthogonius plebius is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Cervimunida is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Munididae containing the following species: Cervimunida johni Porter 1903 Cervimunida princeps Benedict 1902↑ ↑
 Turbonilla asuncionis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mordellistena comes is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1876 by Mars.
 Catancyla is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Scelotes is a genus of skinks.
 Discitoceras is an extinct genus of nautiloid from the Lower Carboniferous.
 Ancylosis samaritanella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Zeller in 1867. It is found in Spain Russia Turkey Jordan the Canary Islands Morocco Algeria Tunisia Libya Egypt Sudan Saudi Arabia Turkestan and Central Asia.Adults are small with narrow forewings. They are whitish dusted with blackish with two paler transverse lines. The hindwings are whitish with a grey margin.
 Nemophora chionites is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found in India and Thailand.
 Balbaroo fangaroo is an extinct species of kangaroo. It was discovered at the Riversleigh World Heritage Area in Northern Australia and described as a new species in 2000.The species was described from fossilized remains of part of the skull. The skull is approximately the size of that of a modern wallaby. The curved upper canine teeth are more than twice as long as the adjacent incisors and form fangs which may have been visible on the living animal even when its mouth was closed.
 Neobubastes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Neobubastes aureocincta Blackburn 1892 Neobubastes flavivittata Carter 1922 Neobubastes nickerli (Obenberger 1928)↑
 Muricopsis (Risomurex) schrammi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Micardia pulcherrima is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Bhutan China (Tibet) and India.
 Conus biancae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Speckled puffer Sphoeroides yergeri is a species in the family Tetraodontidae or pufferfishes. It is found in the Caribbean Sea.
 Copobathra is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Helcystogramma clarkei is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Rose and Pathania in 2003. It is endemic to India.
 Methioeme brevipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Methioeme.
 Fishia dispar is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Colorado and Utah.
 Dianops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Richter and Richter in 1923 and the type species is Dianops limbatus which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Richter in 1848. The type locality was in Saalfeld Thuringia.
 Ungulinidae is a family of marine bivalve molluscs.
 The Eastern Whip-poor-will (Antrostomus vociferus) is a medium-sized (22–27 cm) nightjar bird from North and Central America. The whip-poor-will is commonly heard within its range but less often seen because of its superior camouflage. It is named onomatopoeically after its song.
 Hector's lanternfish (Lampanyctodes hectoris) is a lanternfish in the family Myctophidae the only species in the genus Lampanyctodes. It is named after James Hector.It is a widespread marine fish known from shallow tropical waters in the south-eastern Atlantic from the western Pacific off Australia and New Zealand and from the eastern Pacific off Chile.
 Borneodessus zetteli is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Borneodessus.
 Calliotropis francocacii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Coleophora accola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.The larvae feed on the generative organs of Halothamnus glaucus.
 Spatuloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to Central and South America.Spatuloricaria is in need of revision as species boundaries and distributions are poorly known. The phylogenetic position of Spatuloricaria remains uncertain. Spatuloricaria has been placed at the base of a clade including representatives of the Loricaria and Pseudohemiodon groups.
 Anumeta straminea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Sahara and the Arabian Desert to Bahrain and northern Oman. Furthermore it is found in the Arava Valley and the Dead Sea area of Israel.There are two generations per year in Africa and one in the Middle East. Adults are on wing from December to March.The larvae feed on Calligonum species.
 Ecchlorolestes is a genus of large damselflies in the family Synlestidae.The genus contains only two species:Ecchlorolestes nylephtha Barnard 1937 - Queen MalachiteEcchlorolestes peringueyi (Ris 1921) - Marbled Malachite↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 Hispania Baetica was one of three Imperial Roman provinces in Hispania (modern Iberia). Hispania Baetica was bordered to the west by Lusitania and to the northeast by Hispania Tarraconensis. Baetica was part of Al-Andalus under the Moors in the 8th century and approximately corresponds to modern Andalucia. Its capital was Corduba.
 Candidula intersecta is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.This snail can be a pest species in agricultural settings.
 Adlerzia is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Adlerzia froggatti.
 Hexapodidae is a family of crabs the only family in the superfamily Hexapodoidea. It has traditionally been treated as a subfamily of the family Goneplacidae and was originally described as a subfamily of Pinnotheridae. Its members can be distinguished from all other true crabs by the reduction of the thorax such that only seven sternites are exposed and only four pairs of pereiopods are present.
 Glyphiolobinae is one of two subfamilies of the Dimorphoceratidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Triops australiensis sometimes referred to as a shield shrimp is an Australian species of the tadpole shrimp Triops.
 Mochtherus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Mochtherus asemus Andrewes 1924 Mochtherus kelantanensis Kirschenhofer 1999 Mochtherus latithorax Jedlicka 1935 Mochtherus longipennis Jedlicka 1935 Mochtherus luctuosus Putzeys 1875 Mochtherus magnus Andrewes 1930 Mochtherus obscurus (Sloane 1907) Mochtherus sulawesiensis Kirschenhofer 2010 Mochtherus tetraspilotus (W.S.Macleay 1825) Mochtherus uenoi (Habu 1967)↑
 Chersomorpha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Vanessula is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family. It contains only one species Vanessula milca the Lady’s Maid. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of dense and riverine forests.
 Plesiophyle is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Carandana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Macrolepidoptera is a group within the insect order Lepidoptera. Traditionally used for the larger butterflies and moths as opposed to the Microlepidoptera this group is unnatural. However it seems that by moving some taxa about a monophyletic Macrolepidoptera can be easily achieved.
 The Satéré marmoset (Mico saterei) is a marmoset species endemic to Brazil.
 Pollex taurus is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Mindanao in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewing is narrow and light brown except for the dark brown basal and subterminal areas. The hindwing is unicolorous dark brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark brown.
 The Lemon Pansy (Junonia lemonias) is a common nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia. It is found in gardens fallow land and open wooded areas.
 Bostrycapulus odites is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 Yalpa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The greater sac-winged bat Saccopteryx bilineata is a bat of the family Emballonuridae native to Central and South America.They are the most common bats seen in the rainforest as they often roost on the outside of large trees. They are insectivores and use echolocation calls through the mouth to track their prey. The long nose and upper lip are highly mobile and can shift upward to enlarge the mouth opening.The term sac-winged refers to small pouches on the wings of S. bilineata.
 Bastilla copidiphora is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea and Australia.
 Parametaria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Crambidia pallida the Pale Lichen Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Packard in 1864. It is found from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Texas and north to North Dakota and Manitoba. The habitat consists of forests and woodlands.The wingspan is 19–25 mm. The forewings are light to medium yellowish-brown or greyish with slightly paler veins. The hindwings are paler and unmarked. Adults are on wing from May to September.
 Ketyconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 The northern hopping mouse souris sauteuse or ratones saltadores de Australia (Notomys aquilo) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in coastal northern Australia from Arnhem Land to the Cobourg Peninsula.This mouse weighs 25 to 30 grams and is brown above and white below. Its long tail measures 150% of its body length and it has long hind feet up to 4 centimeters long.This species lives in sandy soils on heathlands and grasslands. It is nocturnal.
 The New Forest Burnet (Zygaena viciae) is a member of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in southern and central Europe west to Scotland. It is also found in southern Scandinavia. In the east the range extends to Lake Baikal.The wingspan is 22–32 mm. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed on the leaves of Lotus corniculatus and Lathyrus pratensis.
 Hypsibarbus annamensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypsibarbus.
 Eupithecia inopinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Neoscaptia unipunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Typhlops lineolatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Jostle (foaled in 1997 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. The daughter of Brocco is probably best remembered for posting a 3-length score in the mile and an eighth Grade II $250000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 19 2000.
 The cryptomonads-haptophytes assemblage is a proposed monophyletic grouping of chromalveolata that are not included in the SAR supergroup.
 The Cream-colored Woodpecker (Celeus flavus) is a species of woodpecker native to South America from Colombia and the Guianas to Peru Bolivia and the eastern part of Brazil including a southeast Brazil coastal strip. It is colored creamy yellow except for the wingtips and tail which are much darker. Males also have dark rings around their eyes. It has a large crest that is always raised. It eats mainly tree ants although it does eat other insects and some fruits.
 Atherimorpha is a genus of snipe fly of the family Rhagionidae.
 Protogynanisa athletoides is a species of moths in the Saturniidae family. It was described by Rougeot in 1971. It is found in Tanzania and Malawi.
 Biolgina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 The mountain big-eyed tree frog Nyctimystes montanus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to West Papua Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Vulturine Parrot (Pyrilia vulturina) not to be confused with Pesquet's Parrot (Psittrichas fulgidus) is a Neotropical parrot which is endemic to humid forest and adjacent habitats in the eastern Amazon of Brazil.
 Eleutherodactylus rhodesi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and arable land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paolaura semistriata is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Leptotrophon chlidanos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eurygaster integriceps is a species of shield bug in the family Scutelleridae commonly known as the sunn pest or corn bug. It is native to much of northern Africa the Balkans and western and central Asia. It is a major pest of cereal crops especially wheat barley and oats.
 Bissetia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ectoedemia digitata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).
 Carabus obsoletus obsoletus is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Poland Romania Slovakia and Ukraine.
 The Red-bellied Malimbe (Malimbus erythrogaster) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria Sudan and Uganda.
 Ingensia brithys is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Plumularia is a genus of hydroids in the family Plumulariidae.
 Thraciidae is a taxonomic family of small saltwater clams marine bivalves in the order Pholadomyoida.
 Drymonaxus feanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Drymonaxus.
 Agladrillia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.
 The Syrian Woodpecker (Dendrocopos syriacus) is a member of the woodpecker family the Picidae.
 Termessa nivosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New South Wales South Australia and Victoria. The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on lichen algae and moss.
 The Mexican redleg or red-legged tarantula (Brachypelma emilia) is a species of terrestrial tarantula closely related to the famous mexican redknee tarantula. Like the redknee it is a docile tarantula and popular in the pet trade. It is slow growing and like many tarantulas females can live for decades.
 Subulina usambarica is a species of small tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.
 Scinax pedromedinae is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is found in Peru and possibly in Bolivia and Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes. This frog is threatened by habitat loss.
 The pea crab Pinnotheres pisum is a small crab in the family Pinnotheridae that lives as a parasite in oysters clams mussels and other species of bivalves.
 Soloella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gunayan is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.
 Nebria belloti is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Hygrochroma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Dolichupis is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 The Eastern Orange Tip (Anthocharis damone) is a butterfly in the Pierinae subfamily found in southern Europe and into Asia Minor.
 Coleophora kabulensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Cyprinion tenuiradius is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinion.
 Symphlebia angulifascia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Bolivia.
 Alburnoides eichwaldii is a fish species of Cyprinidae family. Widespread in the Western Asia in the river drainages of the southwestern Caspian coast from Samur down to rivers of the Lenkoran Province in Azerbaijan. Benthopelagic temperate freshwater fish.
 The Steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known from fossils from the Early Cretaceous in Australia.There are two genera placed in this family; Steropodon and Teinolophos which has been tentatively placed in the family due to the similarity of the lower molars in these two genera.
 Nyssodrysina is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nyssodrysina binoculata (Bates 1864) Nyssodrysina cinerascens (Bates 1864) Nyssodrysina corticalis (Bates 1864) Nyssodrysina exilis (Bates 1885) Nyssodrysina grisella (Bates 1864) Nyssodrysina haldemani (LeConte 1852) Nyssodrysina infima (Bates 1885) Nyssodrysina leucopyga (Bates 1872) Nyssodrysina lignaria (Bates 1864) Nyssodrysina lineatocollis (Bates 1863) Nyssodrysina polyspila (White 1855) Nyssodrysina pulchella (Bates 1863) Nyssodrysina scutellata (Bates 1866) Nyssodrysina spreta (Bates 1864) Nyssodrysina venusta (Bates 1863)↑
 Amauropsis sphaeroides is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Postplatyptilia uruguayensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Uruguay.The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults are on wing in March.
 Sepia stellifera is a species of cuttlefish native to the Indian Ocean. The mantle length of males is 140 mm and 150mm in females. It lives at depths of 34 to 95 m.
 May-day (1831 – 30 May 1834) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1834. On her only subsequent start she was fatally injured in the Oaks Stakes at Epsom
 Phyllocnistis wygodzinskyi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Argentina. It was described by German entomologist Erich Martin Hering in 1958. The larvae feed on Asteraceae species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ancylosis rhodocrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Herrich-Schaffer in 1852 and is known from Russia Spain Portugal and Cyprus.
 The Armenian shrew (Crocidura armenica) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Armenia.
 The decorated warbonnet (Chirolophis decoratus) is a fish of the Stichaeidae family. Its genus name Chirolophis comes from two Greek roots: chiros (meaning hand) and lophos (meaning crest). The species name decoratus is a Latin word meaning ornamented. The decorated warbonnet was given its name because of the prominent cirri on its head which resembles the feathers in an Indian Chieftain’s war bonnet.
 Kisanthobia ariasi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Kisanthobia.
 Nebulosa nervosa is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.
 Marumba poliotis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.It is a small grey species. There are shades of pale grey and pale brown on the forewing upperside crossed by crenulated and irregular transverse lines.
 Cheiromyia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Zacco is a small East Asian genus of ray-finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae.
 Cataspilates is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Peter's Dwarf Epauletted Fruit Bat (Micropteropus pusillus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Mali Niger Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda and Zambia.
 Zizina is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae.
 Mylodon is an extinct genus of giant ground sloth that lived in the Patagonia area of South America until roughly 10000 years ago.
 The Blue-bellied Roller (Coracias cyanogaster) is a member of the roller family of birds which breeds across Africa in a narrow belt from Senegal to northeast Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is resident apart from some local seasonal movements in mature moist savannah dominated by Isoberlinia trees.The Blue-bellied Roller is a large bird nearly the size of a Jackdaw at 28–30 cm. It has a dark green back white head neck and breast with the rest of the plumage mainly blue.
 Chloroclystis onusta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Afrotropical ecozone.
 Epicrocis holophaea is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Hampson in 1926. It is found in South Africa.
 Lyropteryx is a genus of butterflies of the Riodinidae family. Species of this genus are widespread in the tropical areas of the South America.
 The Jamaican laughing frog or Savanna-la-Mar tree frog Osteopilus brunneus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Jamaica.It is found mainly inland and lives and lays eggs in the water contained within bromeliad leaves.O.
 The Kosrae Starling also known as Kosrae Island Starling and formerly as Kusaie Mountain Starling (Aplonis corvina) is an extinct bird from the family of starlings (Sturnidae). It was endemic to the montane forests on the island of Kosrae which belong to the Caroline Islands in the south-western Pacific.
 The Bird-cherry Ermine (Yponomeuta evonymella) is a day active lepidoptera from the family Yponomeutidae the Ermine moths. The wingspan of the moth ranges from 16 to 25 millimetre.The host plant of the Bird-cherry Ermine is the Bird Cherry. Because the caterpillars make an extensive weblike nest they can eat a whole tree bare unhindered although it is quite possible that the trees can survive with reduced growth in the following growth seasons.The flight time ranges from July up to August.
 Ebusus is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Altai Birch Mouse (Sicista napaea) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family. It is found in Kazakhstan and Russia.
 Agelena tenerifensis is a spider species found in the Canary Islands.
 Phaedinus lanio is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1838.
 Wehrliola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cann's snake-neck turtle (Chelodina canni McCord & Thomson 2002) is an Australian species found in the northern and north eastern parts of the continent. It has a narrow zone of hybridization with its related species the Eastern Snake Neck Turtle Chelodina longicollis. For many years this species was assumed to be the same species as Chelodina novaeguineae from New Guinea however recently it has been shown that these two species differed both morphologically and genetically.
 The long-nosed Luzon forest mouse (Apomys sacobianus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calycobathra calligoni is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in south-eastern part of European Russia (eastern Caucasus and southern Ural) Transcaucasia and Central Asia.The wingspan is 10-12 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing year round. Overwintering takes place in Rodent nests.The larvae feed on the shoots and fruit of Calligonum junceum Calligonum eriopodum Calligonum microcarpum and Calligonum leucoladum.
 Sinocyclocheilus maculatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Beralade is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Orthaga molleri is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in India.
 Rhynchobapta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Qingkouia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Acheilognathus yamatsutae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.
 The White-browed Scrubwren (Sericornis frontalis) is a passerine bird found in coastal areas of Australia. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.It is insectivorous and inhabits undergrowth from which it rarely ventures though can be found close to urban areas.
 Betroka is a genus of insects in the Ethmiidae family.
 The Comoro Friar (Amauris comorana) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to the Comoros where it is only found on the island of Grand Comore.
 Ochrota nigrolimbata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found in Madagascar.
 Hypermastus cylindricus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Stenoptilodes huanacoicus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Peru.The wingspan is about 22 millimetres (0.87 in). Adults are on wing in February.
 Eubolia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gelonus is a genus of leaf-footed bug (Coreidae) in Tasmania one of the few Coreidae that feeds on eucalypts. It is a member of the Amorbini tribe but has only a single genus Gelonus tasmanicus (Le Guillou 1841).Although this Tasmanian leaf-footed bug was first described in 1841 by Élie Jean François Le Guillou as Syromastes tasmanicus it wasn't until 1873 that Carl Stål placed it in his newly formed genus Gelonus as Gelonus tasmanicus.
 Chloroclystis viridigrisea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 Eobaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia and Spain. It was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata and lived at the same time as some dinosaurs. It lies within the suborder Plagiaulacida and family Eobaataridae. The genus Eobaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. Dashzeveg D. and Trofimov B.A. in 1987.
 Oliva jamaicensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Odostomia angularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Euspira phaeocephala is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Fine-spotted Woodpecker (Campethera punctuligera) is a bird. It is a widespread and frequently common resident breeder in much of west and central tropical Africa.It is a species associated with open forest and bush. It nests in a tree hole often in an Oil Palm laying two or three white eggs.Like other woodpeckers this species has a straight pointed bill a stiff tail to provide support against tree trunks and zygodactyl or “yoked feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward.
 Asimoneura is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Atelopus patazensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Calliostoma ornatum common name the ornate topshell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Euchromius gozmanyi is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal on Sardinia and Sicily and in Tunisia Algeria and Morocco.The wingspan is 15–16 mm.
 The brown dog tick Rhipicephalus sanguineus is a species of tick which is found worldwide but more commonly in warmer climates. This species is unusual among ticks in that its entire life cycle can be completed indoors.
 Actia maksymovi is a Palearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Pterotopteryx dodecadactyla is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Russia Croatia Slovenia Hungary Romania Austria Slovakia the Czech Republic Poland Estonia Fennoscandia Germany Switzerland France and Italy. It has also been recorded from Gabon.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August.The larvae are oligophagous and have been reported feeding on Lonicera caprifolium and Lonicera xylosteum. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Bornean Spiderhunter (Arachnothera everetti) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. The scientific name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
 Propatria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Cliff Flycatcher (Hirundinea ferruginea) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Grammochesias is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The marlin sucker Remora osteochir is a species of remora found all over the world in tropical and temperate seas. It can reach up to 40 cm (16 in) in standard length. Its host preference is for marlins (as the name implies) and sailfishes but will attach to other large fish.
 Lachnaia tristigma is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae that can be found from north-west Africa to the Iberian Peninsula in southern France and in Italy.
 Octavius (1809–1831) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career that lasted from April 1812 to May 1814 he ran thirteen times and won four races. He recorded his most important success when winning the Derby. Octavius remained in training for two more seasons his best subsequent performance coming when he won the Epsom Gold Cup as a four-year-old in 1813. At the end of 1814 Octavius was retired to stud where he had moderate success as a sire of winners.
 Fredia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Thaumatichthys is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae with three known species. Its scientific name means wonder-fish in Greek; oceanographer Anton Bruun described these fishes as altogether one of the oddest creatures in the teeming variety of the fish world. In contrast to other anglerfishes the bioluminescent lure (called the esca) of Thaumatichthys is located inside its cavernous mouth.
 Trifurcula anthyllidella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Spain on Mallorca and along the South and East coast from Cadiz to Girona on limestone up into the mountains.The wingspan is 5.6–7.4 mm for males and 5.6–7.1 mm for females.The larvae feed on Anthyllis cytisoides and Anthyllis terniflora. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a narrow upper-surface corridor with a black often interrupted frass line.
 Chiromachla seychellensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Seychelles.
 The strong-tailed oldfield mouse (Thomasomys ischyrus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in Peru.
 Mordellistena walshi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1948.
 Exsula is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coleophora ononidella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found south of the line running from France to Cyprus.The larvae feed on Ononis arvensis Ononis spinosa and Ononis spinosa antiquorum. They create a white yellow or brown pistol case with a large transparent pallium that covers most of the case. Larvae can be found from March to May.
 Mecocerus wallacei is a species of beetle belonging to the family Anthribidae.
 Sparganothina aurozodion is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 19.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is golden yellow with brown markings with dark brown edges. The hindwings are cream with weak yellow-brown strigulae at the apex.
 Tascia is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 The Northern Cave Bat is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Australia.
 Eleutherodactylus metabates is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cordylancistrus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfish native to South America. It is much the same as Chaetostoma. The few differences are a wider head longer cheek odontodes and plates on the snout. Cordylancistrus can be found in rivers and streams high in the Andes from Venezuela to Ecuador.
 Deretrachys chilensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bosq in 1949.
 Homodigma is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1930 and contains the species H. geera. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Meterana pascoi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Howes in 1912. It is found in New Zealand.
 Heterotoma merioptera is a species of bugs from Miridae family. The species are black coloured.
 Zesius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Rasbora myersi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Ortholfersia are genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. There are 4 known species. All species are parasites of macropods.
 Decimiana clavata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Decimiana in the order Mantodea.
 Odostomia winkleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mordellistenoda nigricans is a beetle in the Mordellistenoda genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1997 by Shiyake.
 Eressa nigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1893. It is found in India (Simla).
 Brisaster townsendi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Schizasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brisaster townsendi was first scientifically described in 1898 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
 Peltoceras is an extinct ammonite genus from the aspidoceratid subfamily Peltoceratinae that lived during the later part of the Middle Jurassic (U Callovian).The shell of Peltoceras is evolute with whorls hardly embracing so that all whorls are mostly exposed. The outer rim which is known as the venter aligning with the lower part or belly of the animal is nearly flat. Inner whorls have strong ribs that bifurcate and trifurcate on the ventral margin.
 Olivenebula monticola is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Furcifer antimena also known as the Antimena chameleon is a species of chameleon that is endemic to southwest Madagascar. It was initially described by French naturalist Alfred Grandidier in 1872.
 Pyrausta sumptuosalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in China (Sichuan).
 Mordellistena tadjikistanica is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Horák in 1980.
 The North Melanesian Cuckooshrike (Coracina welchmani) is a species of bird in the cuckooshrike family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands specifically Santa Isabel Island. It is considered by some ornithologists to be a subspecies of Coracina caledonica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Talanga is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Acalyptris rotundus is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in the Amazon premontane rainforest in Ecuador.The wingspan is 4.3-4.4 mm for males. Adults have been collected in late January.
 Saurita mora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Panama.
 Harpacticidae is a family of copepods containing the following genera:
 Phrynocephalus mystaceus is a species of agamid lizard found in Iran North Afghanistan Eastern Caucasus Kazakhstan and possibly in south of Astrakhan Oblast. This species could reach up to 24 centimetres in length and is notable for its red oral display frill.
 Bursadopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gymnelia hyaloxantha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1914. It is found in Colombia.
 Hypercompe gaujoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Formosan rock macaque (Macaca cyclopis) Formosan rock monkey or Taiwanese macaque is a macaque endemic to the island of Taiwan and has been introduced to Japan. Besides humans Formosan Rock Macaques are the only native primates living in Taiwan.
 Odostomia mara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eucalantica is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family. Species in the genus are superficially similar to Thecobathra species which also have a silvery white body and forewings but differ from the latter in having a dark brown costal streak in forewing.When resting Eucalantica moths lay their body parallel to the substrate with their forelegs extended forward.
 Adoxophyes aurata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon).
 Amara communis is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family that can be found in Ireland from Siberia to Kamchatka and Caucasus. The species are 6-8mm in length and are living in moss.
 The Volucellini is a tribe of hoverflies.
 The beetle family Jurodidae was originally described from fossils but in 1996 a single species from the Russian Far East described as Sikhotealinia zhiltzovae was found and later was recognized to be a living representative of this otherwise extinct family (a living fossil).
 Heliura valviviai is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grados in 1999. It is found in Peru.
 Peleid (foaled 1970) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1973. After showing little promise in his early career he ran well in several important handicap races in 1973 before stepping up in class to record a 28/1 upset victory in the St Leger on 15 September. He was later sold and exported to stand as a breeding stallion in Hungary.
 Bombus fraternus is a relatively uncommon species of bumblebee native to the United States east of the Rocky Mountains. It is most often encountered in the Southeast in areas with sandy soil. They range from New Jersey to Florida North and South Dakota Nebraska Colorado and New Mexico
 Conus morrisoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Bujurquina is a genus of cichlid fish endemic to South America. Most species in the genus are restricted to the western Amazon Basin. The only exceptions are B. mariae from the Orinoco Basin and B. oenolaemus and B. vittata from the Paraguay–Paraná Basin.
 The White-browed Conebill (Conirostrum ferrugineiventre) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Red Spurfowl (Galloperdix spadicea) is a member of the pheasant family and is endemic to India. It is a bird of forests and is quite secretive despite its size. It has a distinctive call and is often hard to see except for a few seconds when it flushes from the undergrowth. It appears reddish and like a long-tailed partridge. The bare skin around the eye is reddish. The legs of both males and females have one or two spurs which give them their name.
 Tolna complicata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Madagascar.
 Sphyrelata amotella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Australia (the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Queensland) and New Zealand.The larvae damage cork.
 The Dark-fronted Babbler (Rhopocichla atriceps) is an Old World babbler found in the Western Ghats of India and the forests of Sri Lanka. They are small chestnut brown birds with a dark black cap a whitish underside and pale yellow iris. They forage in flocks in the undergrowth of forests constantly making calls and uttering alarm calls when disturbed.
 Hemigrammocapoeta culiciphaga is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Syria and Turkey.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calliotropis oros is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.Subspecies Calliotropis oros marquisensis Vilvens 2007 Calliotropis oros oros Vilvens 2007↑
 The American Snout or Common Snout Butterfly (Libytheana carinenta) is a member of the Libytheinae subfamily in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae. This species is found in both North and South America. The larval host plants are Celtis spp. on which the eggs are laid singly.
 Bergmania is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Calliclava palmeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Ruacodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ectoedemia coscoja is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is endemic to Spain (Catalunya Aragon Andalusia).The wingspan is 4.3-5.1 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a sinuous or contorted gradually widening gallery often following a vein for some distance filled with brown or black frass. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Nanopsis hadfieldi is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Hyptiharpa hypostas is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sinaloa).
 Cossmannica behainei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Cossmannica.
 Conus litteratus common name the lettered cone is a species of sophisticated predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snail cone shells or cones. Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.This is an Indo-Pacific species.
 Aeromachus is a genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae. The species are known by the common name of Scrub Hoppers.They are found in the eastern Palearctic and the Indomalayan ecozone.
 Melopla is a genus of moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Bristled Grassbird (Chaetornis striata) is a small passerine bird in the monotypic genus Chaetornis. Also known as the Bristled Grass Warbler this species is endemic to the Indian subcontinent where it is patchily distributed in India Pakistan and Nepal. These insectivorous birds skulk in dense and tall grasslands often in marshy areas habitats that are threatened by human activities.
 Trimerotropis is a genus of insect in family Acrididae. It contains the following species: Trimerotropis cyaneipennis — blue-winged grasshopper Trimerotropis infantilis — Zayante band-winged grasshopper Trimerotropis occidentaloides Trimerotropis occulens Trimerotropis pallidipennis — pallid-winged grasshopper
 Coralliophila francoisi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Dolichometopidae is a family of trilobites that lived in the Cambrian from the lower Botomian to the Dresbachian. It contains the following genera:
 The Madagascar skate (Dipturus crosnieri) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is open seas. It is threatened by habitat loss. The IUCN describes the species as a relatively small (to at least 61 cm TL) poorly known rare deepwater skate with a limited distribution in the Western Indian Ocean off the west coast of Madagascar. Benthic on the continental slope at depths of 300 to 850 m.
 Arbacia punctulata is a species of sea urchins from the Arbaciidae family.
 Oidaematophorus parshuramus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to India.
 Acrolophus pholeter is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Davis in 1988. It is found in North America including Florida.
 Common names: Iranian mountain viper zigzag mountain viper.Vipera albicornuta is a venomous viper species endemic to Iran. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Eulima riss is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Favartia cellulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ancylolomia perfasciata is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. This species is known from eastern and southern Africa (Ethiopia Kenya Zimbabwe Uganda and South Africa) and from Madagascar.Its wingspan is 32–42 mm.
 The Phacopina comprise a suborder of the trilobite order Phacopida. Species belonging to the Phacopina lived from the Lower Ordovician (Tremadocian) through the end of the Upper Devonian (Famennian). The one unique feature that distinguishes Phacopina from all other trilobites are the very large separately set lenses without a common cornea of the compound eye.
 Hygrobatoidea is a superfamily of water mites found in North America.
 Acrocercops apoblepta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Mordellistena episternalis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae and is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1856 by Étienne Mulsant and can be found in such European countries as Austria Croatia France Germany Greece Hungary Portugal Slovakia Spain and the Netherlands.
 Pseudodeltaspis cyanea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linsley in 1935.
 Elachista martinii is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found from Germany and Latvia to Italy and Greece.The larvae feed on Carex humilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine generally descends from the leaf tip down but sometimes ascends from halfway up the leaf. The larvae leaves the mine around April and starts a new similar mine in another leaf. Most frass is deposited in the oldest part of the mine.
 Pinguigemmula philippinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Ethiopian Forest Brush-furred Rat (Lophuromys chrysopus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Ethiopia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Brasilotyphlus guarantanus is a species of caecilian in the family Caeciliidae. It was described in 2009 from a specimen collected in the north part of Mato Grosso Brazil.
 Anthene alberta is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Ituri and Tanganika) Angola Uganda Tanzania and western Kenya. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Belonolaimus longicaudatus (Sting nematode) is a common parasite of grasses and other plant crops and products. It is the most destructive nematode pest of turf grass and it also attacks a wide range of fruit vegetable and fiber crops such as citrus cotton ornamentals and forage. The sting nematode is a migratory ectoparasite of roots. It is well established in many golf courses and presents a problem in turf management. The sting nematode is only present in very sandy soils.
 The Chestnut-naped Antpitta (Grallaria nuchalis) is a species of bird tentatively placed in the family Grallariidae; it might belong to a more distinct lineage though.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Chanteur (also known as Chanteur II 1942–1962) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who was one of a group of French horses including Caracalla Marsyas Arbar and Souverain which dominated long distance racing in Europe in the immediate post-war years. Unraced as a two-year-old Chanteur won the Prix Hocquart in 1945 and the Prix Jean Prat in 1946. He reached his peak as a five-year-old when he won six races including the Prix des Sablons in France and the Coronation Cup in Britain.
 The Laemobothriidae are a family of a larger group Amblycera of the chewing lice. Most commonly they are ectoparasites of birds. The genera are sometimes all united in Laemobothrion.
 Ogyris oroetes the Silky Azure is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in most of mainland Australia.The wingspan is 30-40 mm. Adults of both sexes are metallic blue but only the females have black margins. The underside of the forewings blotchy fawn.The larvae feed on Loranthaceae species including Amyena miquelii Amyema bifurcatum and Amyema pendulum. They are grey and often flat with few markings. The larvae are attended by various species of ants.
 Triopha maculata common name speckled triopha is a species of colorful sea slug a nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. This species is very variable in color.
 Plain Orange-Tip Colotis eucharis is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India.
 Nipponaphera cyphoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Pomasia sparsata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 The Culicinae are the most extensive subfamily of mosquitoes (Culicidae) and has species in every continent except Antarctica but are highly concentrated in tropical areas. Mosquitoes are best known as parasites to many vertebrate animals and vectors for disease. They are holometabolous insects and most species lay their eggs in stagnant water to benefit their aquatic larval stage.
 Tosacantha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It mates very vigorously.
 Pentila pseudorotha the Large-spotted Red Pentila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon.Adults feed on nectar from tendrils.
 Hypositta is a genus of birds in the Vangidae family. It contains the following species: Nuthatch Vanga (Hypositta corallirostris) Bluntschli's Vanga (Hypositta perdita)
 Tripneustes is a genus of sea urchin.
 Aoupinieta hollowayi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Caledonia. The habitat consists of rain forests where it has been recorded at altitudes between 250 and 520 meters.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark yellow with orange reticulation and sprinkling and brown markings with indistinct violet admixture. The hindwings are cream. Adults have been recorded on wing in May July and August.
 Inape homora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Ecuador (Loja Province).
 Chilodus is a genus of chilodontid headstanders from South America found in the Orinoco and Amazon Basins as well as various rivers in the Guianas. The currently described species in this genus are: Chilodus fritillus Vari & H. Ortega 1997 Chilodus gracilis Isbrücker & Nijssen 1988 Chilodus punctatus J. P. Müller & Troschel 1844 (spotted headstander ) Chilodus zunevei Puyo 1946
 Nautilus macromphalus the bellybutton nautilus is a species of nautilus native to the waters off New Caledonia the Loyalty Islands and northeastern Australia. The shell of this species lacks a callus leaving the umbilicus exposed in which the inner coils of the shell are visible. This opening constitutes about 15% of the shell diameter at its widest point. Like all Nautilus species N. macromphalus usually lives at depths of several hundred metres.
 Bythiospeum acicula is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Germany.
 Milda garretti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Mexican woodrat (Neotoma mexicana) is a medium-sized rat occurring in the United States from Utah and Colorado south through New Mexico and parts of Arizona and Trans-Pecos Texas. Its range continues south in the highlands to Honduras. Although occurring at lower elevations during the Pleistocene it generally is limited now to highlands supporting open coniferous forests or woodlands.
 Nassaria exquisita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Bolbena assimilis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bolbena in the order Mantodea.
 Opostegoides gorgonea is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 1999 and is known from Malaysia.
 Lambulodes is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 The Ecuadorian Horned Frog (Ceratophrys testudo) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Ooldea dunnart (Sminthopsis ooldea) also called Troughton's dunnart after the person who found the species is an Australian marsupial similar to the hairy-footed dunnart. It is greyish-yellow on its upper body and white on the underside with dark patches on its crown forehead and in front of the eyes and a pink thinly furred carrot shaped tail. Its total length is 115-173 mm; its average body length is 55-80 mm with a tail of 60-93 mm. Its ear length is 14-17 mm.
 Pseudohyaleucerea romani is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bryk in 1953. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Hyloscirtus albopunctulatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gidda barthelemyi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Gidda.
 Mystroceridius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Mystroceridius basilewskyi Reichardt 1972 Mystroceridius wittmeri Franz 1978↑
 Eupithecia rebeli is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uzbekistan.
 Fusinus hartvigii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Psoralis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Boophis occidentalis is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests rivers pastureland urban areas and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Angustia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Cockney Rebel (foaled 2004) is an Irish bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He cost just 30000gns as a yearling but won nearly £450000 in prize money during his short career. He dominated the early Classic-race summer of 2007 becoming only the second horse in the previous 15 years (and the sixth in racing history) to win both the English and Irish 2000 Guineas Classics; victories that stamped Cockney Rebel as among the top milers of his or any other generation.
 Oliva caroliniana common name the carolinian olive shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Autocrates was an Ancient Athenian poet of the old comedy. One of his plays is mentioned by Suidas and Aelian. He also wrote several tragedies. The Autocrates quoted by Athenaeus seems to have been a different person.
 The Brachaeluridae or blind sharks are a small family of sharks in the order Orectolobiformes. Only two species of blind shark occur both of which are native to shallow coastal waters up to 110 m (360 ft) deep off the eastern coast of Australia.They are distinguished by the presence of long barbels large spiracles and a groove around the nostrils. They have two dorsal fins placed close together on the back and a relatively short tail.
 The wheat weevil Sitophilus granarius (also known as the grain weevil or granary weevil) occurs all over the world and is a common pest in many places. It can cause significant damage to harvested grains that are being stored and may drastically decrease yields. The females lay many eggs and the larvae eat the inside of the grain kernels.
 Natica seychellium is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The northern sportive lemur (Lepilemur septentrionalis) also known as the Sahafary sportive lemur or northern weasel lemur is a species of lemur in the Lepilemuridae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. As a result of severe ecological and human pressures the lemur is classified as Critically Endangered (CR) by the IUCN Red List and is one of the world's most endangered primate species.
 Spinipogon studiosus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Haplotaxodon microlepis is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. It is endemic to Lake Tanganyika.
 The Orange-Throated Sunangel (Heliangelus mavors) is a species of hummingbird.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Crossodactylus trachystomus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Conifer Swift Moth (Korscheltellus gracilis) is a swift moth considered a forest pest in eastern and central North America from Canada south to North Carolina. Larvae feed primarily on roots of evergreen trees and are weakly polyphagous able to survive on deciduous trees (e.g. birches Betula) but preferring Balsam fir and red spruce. They penetrate bark but lesions on roots are shallow. These wounds may however provide easy entry for pathogenic fungi and nematodes. K.
 Eudryas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Atlantic horse mackerel Trachurus trachurus is a species of jack mackerel in the family Carangidae. It gets its common name from the legend that other smaller species of fish could ride on its back over great distances.
 Luciopimelodus pati is a South American species of freshwater long-whiskered catfish that inhabits the basin of the Río de la Plata and the Blanco River of Argentina Brazil and Paraguay. Its scientific name originates from its common name patí though it may be simply referred to as pez gato (catfish) in Spanish. This species is the only recognized species in its genus.It is found mostly in turbid and deep waters with moderate current. This fish can reach up to 103 centimetres (41 in) TL.
 Agelena gautami is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Tikader in 1962. It is primarily found in India.
 Agdistis gibberipennis is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Shirozua is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Sorolopha semiculta is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand Taiwan India Sri Lanka and the Solomon Islands.Adults are brownish-grey. The hindwings are deep fuscous-bronze on the posterior half becoming fuscous grey with purplish veins on the anterior half.
 Scopula rufisalsa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya South Africa and Zambia.
 Goeldi's Spiny-rat Proechimys goeldii is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Coenolarentia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ictalurus catus also known as the white catfish or white bullhead is a member of the family Ictaluridae of the order Siluriformes.
 The red velvetfish Gnathanacanthus goetzeei is a marine scorpaeniform fish of the inshore waters of western and southern Australia. It is the sole member of the family Gnathanacanthidae and genus Gnathanacanthus.This fish is red all over and instead of scales its skin is covered with small tubercles hence its name. All of its fins (except caudal) are large and spined and of its two dorsal fins the forward one reaches to just above the large eyes.
 Bryotropha wolschrijni is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in mountainous areas of Spain and Morocco.The wingspan is 14-15 mm. The forewings are mixed with brown and dark greyish brown scales. The base has a black blotch on the costa. The hindwings are pale brown at the base but much darker towards the apex. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July and in late September.
 The southern blue whiting Micromesistius australis is a codfish of the genus Micromesistius found in the southern oceans with temperatures between 3 and 7°C at depths of 50 to 900 m. Its length is commonly between 30 and 60 cm with a maximum length of 90 cm.
 Coralliophila fontanangioyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Oestophora ortizi is a species of land snail a gastropod in the family Trissexodontidae.It is endemic to Spain.
 Mordellistena parabrevicauda is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by 1965 in Ermisch.
 Telmatobius dankoi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Chile.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Pilodeudorix kiellandi Kielland’s Diopetes is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Cameroon the Republic of Congo the north-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Tanzania.
 Paradiaptomus africanus is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae. As an example occurrence Lovenula africana is found within the Makgadikgadi Pans a seasonal hypersaline wetland in Botswana.
 The Arctiidae are a large and diverse (sub)family of moths with around 11000 species found all over the world including 6000 neotropical species. This group includes the groups commonly known as tiger moths (or tigers) which usually have bright colours footmen (which are usually much drabber) lichen moths and wasp moths. Many species have 'hairy' caterpillars which are popularly known as woolly bears or woolly worms. The scientific name refers to this (Gk. αρκτος = a bear).
 Purpurcapsula exigua is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Cyphoma is a genus of predatory tropical sea snails a taxonomic group of marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ovulidae a family which is sometimes known as the false cowries or cowry allies.
 Coleophora sergiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Spain the Czech Republic Austria Slovakia and Hungary but also in Mongolia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Potentilla cinerea var. velutina and possibly Artemisia frigida.
 Thecadactylus oskrobapreinorum is a species of gecko. It was first described in 2011 from Sint Maarten in the Lesser Antilles. Previous to this it was thought that the only species of turnip-tailed geckos present in the Lesser Antilles was Thecadactylus rapicauda but the new species is readily distinguishable by its boldly spotted appearance. The specific name honours the two German herpetologists Maciej Oskroba and Stephan Prein who first studied this gecko.
 Dentinalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Zodarion diatretum is a spider species found in Spain.
 Comostola ocellulata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Gulella ludwigi is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Odostomia megerlei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Enneapterygius shaoi is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Chiang and Chen in 2008.
 Aparallactus werneri or the Usambara centipede-eater is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.
 Meisho Samson (Japanese : メイショウサムソン March 7 2003 - ) is a Japanese racehorse which won the Tokyo Yūshun and Satsuki Sho in 2006 and the Tenno Sho (Spring and Autumn) in 2007.
 Bantia nana is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bantia in the order Mantodea.
 Elysia lobata is a species of sea slug a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Plakobranchidae. This sea slug resembles a nudibranch but it is not closely related to that order of gastropods instead it is a sacoglossan.
 Alipta is a genus of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.
 Epina is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eleutherodactylus carranguerorum is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anteos is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae commonly called angled-sulphurs.
 Eois ephyrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of low elevation dipterocarp forests.
 Nematoproctus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Phyllocnistis sciophanta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Peru. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1915.
 Pedostibes kempi is a species of toad found in India.
 Ugandapithecus is a disputed extinct genus of hominoid primates that existed from 22 to 14 million years ago during the Miocene epoch. Fossil remains are present in Eastern Africa including Kenya and Uganda. Four species have been classified to date. It has been suggested that these successively larger species evolved from one another. Others argue that Ugandapithecus is a subjective synonym of Proconsul.
 The name Apterygota is sometimes applied to a subclass of small agile insects distinguished from other insects by their lack of wings in the present and in their evolutionary history. Their first known occurrence in the fossil record is during the Devonian period 417–354 million years ago. The nymphs (younger stages) go through little or even no metamorphosis hence they resemble the adult specimens.
 Phrynobatrachus ukingensis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Idiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eutropis is a genus of skinks belonging to the subfamily Lygosominae. For long this genus was included in the wastebin taxon Mabuya; it contains the Asian mabuyas. They often share their habitat with the related common skinks (Sphenomorphus) but they do not compete significantly as their ecological niches differ.
 The Balikun Jerboa (Allactaga balikunica) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family.It is found in China and Mongolia.[citation needed]It eats green plants plant roots seeds and grasshoppers and beetles.
 Coryphagrion grandis is a species of damselfly found in coastal forests and on the lower slopes of the Eastern Arc Mountains in Kenya Tanzania and Mozambique. Its monotypic genus Coryphagrion was formerly considered the only member of the family Coryphagrionidae ( sometimes placed in the Megapodagrionidae as subfamily Coryphagrioninae). It is now placed within family Pseudostigmatidae whose other members are all Neotropical.
 Pseudopostega sacculata is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It known only from south-western Ecuador.The length of the forewings is about 2.6 mm. Adults are on wing in January and June.
 Morum ponderosum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Nalassus is a genus of darkling beetles belonging to the subfamily Tenebrioninae.
 Antirrhopa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Aulacephala is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Splendrillia mikrokamelos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Haplochromis schubotzi is a species of cichlid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it occurs in Lake George Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel. This species reaches a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) SL.
 Pseudoceneus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudoceneus beatricis Giachino 2005 Pseudoceneus norfolkensis Moore 1985 Pseudoceneus numeensis Fauvel 1903 Pseudoceneus sollicitus (Erichson 1842)↑
 Common names: Old World sand boasThe Erycinae are part of a family of nonvenomous snakes called boas found in Europe Asia Minor Africa Arabia central and southwestern Asia India Sri Lanka and western North America. Three genera comprising 15 species are currently recognized.
 Radulinus is a genus of sculpins native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Stenalia peyerimhoffi is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1924 by Chobaut.
 Iris's Gift was a National Hunt racehorse trained in Britain by Jonjo O'Neill.
 Pygora cyanea is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Orecta lycidas is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina Paraguay Brazil and Bolivia.Adults have been recorded in September.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Laurus nobilis and Nectandra venulosa.
 Tagoropsis is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Serpulorbis zelandicus is a species of sea snail a worm snail or worm shell a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Vermetidae the worm snails.
 Chloroclystis poliophrica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Cycloptilum irregularis is a species of insect in family Gryllidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Ceroprepes jilongensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Du Song and Yang in 2005 and is known from China.
 Phrynopus pesantesi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Eois hulaquina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Panama.
 The Soutpansberg Flat Lizard (Platysaurus relictus) is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family.
 Amphipyra effusa is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Mediterranean region and Asia.The wingspan is 41–48 mm. The moth flies from May to September.The larvae feed on various plants including Ferula Populus Erica Cytisus and Cistus.
 Onchidium multinotatum is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Lyclene areolifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of various lowland forest types including lower montane forests.The length of the forewings is 8-10 mm for males and 10 mm for females.
 Micreremites is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Whiskered Flowerpecker (Dicaeum proprium) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is endemic to the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Homalopoma fluctuata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Colloniidae.
 The Madrone Shield Bearer (Coptodisca arbutiella) is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Busck in 1904. It is found from California to British Columbia.The larvae feed on Arbutus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is blotch-like. Full-grown larvae cut out elliptical cases out of the upper and lower leaf surfaces in which pupation takes place.
 Atelopus coynei is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.It was named after evolutionary biologist Jerry Coyne who collected the holotype in a swamp on a frogging trip to western Ecuador as a student in the late 1970s.
 The Red-billed Buffalo Weaver (Bubalornis niger) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Ethiopia Kenya Mozambique Namibia Rwanda Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitat is the dry savanna.
 Pavona cactus the potato chip coral or leaf coral is a species of colonial stony corals in the family Agariciidae. This coral is found in shallow waters on reefs and in lagoons in tropical parts of the Indo-Pacific region.
 Clarkeulia fortuita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 Gonodactylellus is a genus of mantis shrimp. It contains the following species:
 Fuentes is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Its two described species are found in Central America.
 Hylaeamys laticeps also known as the Atlantic Forest Oryzomys or Large-headed Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae. The rodent is endemic to the Atlantic Forest region of southeastern Brazil. The taxonomic history of Hylaeamys laticeps has been complex and the name laticeps has been used for various members of the genera Cerradomys Euryoryzomys Transandinomys and Hylaeamys at different times.
 Indraloris is a fossil primate from the Miocene of India and Pakistan in the family Sivaladapidae. Two species are now recognized: I. himalayensis from Haritalyangar India (about 9 million years old) and I. kamlialensis from the Potwar Plateau Pakistan (15.2 million years old). Other material from the Potwar Plateau (16.8 and 15.2 million years old) may represent an additional unnamed species. Body mass estimates range from about 2 kg (4.4 lb) for the smaller I.
 The reef manta ray (Manta alfredi) is species of ray in the family Mobulidae the largest rays in the world. Among generally recognized species it is the second-largest species of ray only surpassed by the giant oceanic manta ray (a currently unrecognized species from the Caribbean region also appears to be larger than the reef manta ray).Reef manta rays are typically 3 to 3.5 m (9.8 to 11.5 ft) in disc width with a maximum size of about 5.5 m (18 ft). Long included in M.
 Deinopis is a genus of net-casting spiders. Its distribution is widely tropical and subtropical.
 Chloroclysta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eilema instabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found in Madagascar.
 Joculator frequens is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Thyellocerus fulgidipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Thyellocerus.
 Gypsochares londti is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 Sphaenothecus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Sphaenothecus argenteus Bates 1880 Sphaenothecus bivittata Dupont 1838 Sphaenothecus facetus Chemsak & Noguera 1998 Sphaenothecus maccartyi Chemsak & Noguera 1998 Sphaenothecus picticornis Bates 1880 Sphaenothecus toledoi Chemsak & Noguera 1998 Sphaenothecus trilineatus Dupont 1838↑
 The Una (Una usta) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Common names: Ujarran hognosed pitviper.Porthidium volcanicum is a venomous pitviper species found in Costa Rica. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Dasodis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Scarrittia is an extinct genus of hoofed mammal of the family Leontiniidae (SO Toxodonta) Order Notoungulata native to South America during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Philodromus punctiger is a spider species found in the Canary Islands and Spain.
 Straneostichus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Straneostichus farkaci Sciaky 1996 Straneostichus fischeri Sciaky 1994 Straneostichus haeckeli Sciaky & Wrase 1997 Straneostichus kirschenhoferi Sciaky 1994 Straneostichus ovipennis Sciaky 1994 Straneostichus puetzi Sciaky & Wrase 1997 Straneostichus rotundatus Yu 1992 Straneostichus vignai Sciaky 1994↑
 Bouchardina is a genus of North American crayfish containing a single species Bouchardina robisoni. It can be found in the bayou basins of southwestern Arkansas and has no common name. It is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
 The Armenian bumblebee (Bombus armeniacus) is a species of bumblebee that can be found in Austria Czech Republic Russia and Near East.
 Cystiscus vavauensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Ectoedemia hypericifolia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by R.K. Puplesis in 1988. It was described from Kyushu Japan but is also known from Russia and China.The larvae feed on Hypericum erectum Hypericum attenuatum and Hypericum ascyron gebleri.
 Arispe concretalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Mexico.
 The Peninsula Blue (Lepidochrysops oreas) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it found in fynbos on the Swartberg range from the East Cape to Seweweekspoort and Klein Swartberg in the West Cape. It is also found on the Rooiberg.The wingspan is 24–38 mm for males and 27–38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to February. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Selago species including Selago serrata.
 Gomphus davidi is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Israel Jordan Lebanon Syria and Turkey. Its natural habitats are swamps freshwater marshes ponds and canals and ditches. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eurylomia similliforma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Physalaemus moreirae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests intermittent rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.[citation needed]
 Cyphosticha pandoxa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Epeiromulona thysanata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Field in 1952. It is found in French Guiana Guyana Surinam Costa Rica and Panama.The length of the forewings is 6-6.5 mm for males and 7 mm for females. The wings are similar to Epeiromulona lephina and Epeiromulona phelina differing in the fringe of the outer margin of the forewing. In E. thysanata this fringe is orange next to the margin with black scales. The hindwings are also similar to E. phelina and E.
 The Bornean Treepie (Dendrocitta cinerascens) is a passerine bird belonging to the Dendrocitta genus of treepies in the crow family Corvidae. It is endemic to the South-east Asian island of Borneo. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Sumatran Treepie (D. occipitalis).
 Elachista albidella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Pyrenees Italy and Hungary and from Ireland to Ukraine. It is also found in North America.The wingspan is 9–10 millimetres (0.35–0.39 in).The larvae feed on Calamagrostis arundinacea Carex acuta Carex acutiformis Carex riparia Deschampsia cespitosa Deschampsia flexuosa Eleocharis palustris Eriophorum angustifolium Melica nutans Poa palustris and Scirpus caespitosus.
 Anodonthyla moramora is a species of microhylidae frog. This species is native to Madagascar.
 Thyridiphora furia is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece Lebanon Pakistan Niger Yemen Seychelles and Kenya.
 Coleophora pokrovkella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the southern Ural Mountains in Russia.The wingspan is 14.5-15.5 mm. Adults have a white head with a pale buff hue. The thorax is whitewith light buff dorsal and subdorsal stripes. The forewings are buff. Males have brown scales forming dots and stripes in the apical part. The fringes are white with a pale beige tinge. The hindwings are light grey with pale beige fringes although these are white towards the apex.
 The western Andes tree frog Hyloscirtus sarampiona is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Schizoglossa common name the Paua slugs is a genus of medium-sized to large predatory air-breathing land slugs carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Rhytididae.
 Enteucha basidactyla is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from along the south-western coast of Florida as well as Dominica Belize and Ecuador. It is likely that this species has a much wider distribution in the tropical forests of the Neotropics.The wingspan is 4.3-4.9 mm for males and 5.3-5.4 mm for females. Adults are on wing in January from April to May and in July.The larvae feed on Coccoloba uvifera in the Caribbean.
 Amblyscirtes aesculapius (the Lace-windged Roadside Skipper) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from eastern Oklahoma and eastern Texas east to south-east Virginia south along the Atlantic Coast to northern Florida.The wingspan is 30–38 mm. Adults are on wing from March to September. There are two generations per year. The larvae probably feed on Arundinaria species.
 Rhizotrogus monticola is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 The Abyssinian Woodpecker (Dendropicos abyssinicus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia.
 Neodiphthera is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Nerice is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Paracles pectinalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Caenides dacela the Common Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Bioko Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya western Tanzania and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Raphia and Phoenix species (including Phoenix dactylifera).
 Parides mithras is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found inVenezuela Guyana French Guiana and Brazil (Amazonas).Parides mithras is very similar to Parides chabrias but has paler and smaller spots especially the last spot of the hindwing above. Rothshild and Jordan considered it to be a subspecies of P. triopas Godart which is a synonym for Parides chabrias.
 Dellamora walteriana is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1990.
 Daffymitra is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutomitridae.
 Ernstichthys megistus is a species of banjo catfish found in Ecuador and Peru where it is occurs in the Bobonaza and Marañon River basins. It grows to a length of 6.7 cm (2.6 in).
 Ophioptera is a genus of prehistoric brittle stars. It lived in lagoons in Solnhofen Plattenkalk Formation.
 The Duckbill conger (Gavialiceps javanicus) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae (pike congers). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 1993. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Indo-West Pacific including northwestern Australia Java (from which the species epithet is derived) and Indonesia. It dwells at a depth range of 560-600 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 89 centimetres.
 The Sprinkled Rough-wing (Acleris literana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the Near East.It is a variable species and many different forms have been described but all have a combination of pale green ground colour with whitish and blackish markings.The wingspan is 18–21 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September and again from April to May after overwintering as an adult.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Ancilla giaquintoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Bourke's Parrot (Neopsephotus bourkii formerly known as Neophema bourkii) also known as the Bourke's Parakeet Bourke or Bourkie is a small parrot originating in Australia and the only species in its genus Neopsephotus. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Neophema and there is an ongoing discussion about the proper taxonomic placement of this species. It is a grass parrot approximately 19 cm long and weighing around 45 grams.
 Eleotris vomerodentata is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Madagascar where it is only known to occur in fresh waters. This species can reach a length of 7.8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Lepetella is a genus of very small deep-sea sea snails or limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lepetellidae.
 Leucanopsis falacra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1891. It is found in Ecuador.
 Hares and jackrabbits are leporids belonging to the genus Lepus. A hare less than one year old is called a leveret. Four species commonly known as types of hare are classified outside of Lepus: the hispid hare (Caprolagus hispidus) and three species known as red rock hares (Pronolagus spp.).Hares are very fast-moving animals; the European brown hare (Lepus europaeus) is able to run at speeds of up to 56 km/h (35 mph).
 Ophichthus tetratrema is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker and Richard Heinrich Rosenblatt in 1998.
 Lemyra sincera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fang in 1993. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Xenentodon is a genus of needlefishes native to Asia.
 Acrolepia elaphrodes is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
 The slender sawtail catshark (Galeus gracilis) is a little-known species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae endemic to northern Australia. It is found over the continental slope in 290–470 m (950–1540 ft) on water. Growing to 34 cm (13 in) long this shark has a slim gray body with four dark saddle markings below the dorsal fins and on the caudal fin as well as a prominent crest of enlarged dermal denticles along the dorsal edge of the caudal fin.
 Norsia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. There are 5 species classified under the genus norsia as identified by Mr. F. Walker.
 Ancylosis imitella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Spain France Sardinia Corsica Sicily and Albania.The wingspan is about 22 mm.
 Pelecystola are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Lischkeia alwinae is a species of deep-water sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Ctenosaura flavidorsalis commonly known as the yellowback spiny-tailed iguana is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.
 Aratinga vorohuensis is a prehistoric relative of the Nanday Parakeet described from Late Pliocene fossils found in Argentina.
 Gobiodon histrio the Broad-barred goby is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean from the Red sea to the western Pacific Ocean to southern Japan Samoa and the Great Barrier Reef. This species is a reef dweller being found at depths of from 2 to 15 metres (6.6 to 49.2 ft). It can reach a length of 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.This fish produces a toxin that deters predators.
 The Shining Marbled (Pseudeustrotia candidula) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found from Europe to Japan.The wingspan is ca. 22 mm. The moths flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various plants including Rumex acetosella and Polygonum bistorta.
 Sarcoptoidea is a superfamily of mites including many associated with mammals.
 Leptostylus notaticollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 Agdistis incisa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Hypsopygia biarealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Caradja in 1925. It is found in China.
 Bold Ruler (April 6 1954 – July 11 1971) was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who won the 1957 Preakness Stakes. He was the sire of two other Hall of Famers Secretariat and Gamely.
 Neoglyphidodon melas is a Damselfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 18 cm (7.1 in) in length.
 Harutaeographa bicolorata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal (Ganesh Himal).
 Darioconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Amphisbaena bakeri known commonly as Baker's worm lizard  is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena. It is endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico.
 Homaloptera santhamparaiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homaloptera.
 Staetherinia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Rauisuchus was a basal archosaur which lived in what is now the Geopark of Paleorrota Brazil during the middle Triassic period (240-230 million years ago). Named after fossil collector Dr. Wilhelm Rau Rauisuchus belonged to a group of land-dwelling relatives to crocodiles. These reptiles were among the top predators of their day eating other reptiles for food and maybe hunting early dinosaurs.Rauisuchus grew to a length of 13 feet (4 m) and was 3 feet (90 cm) high at the hips.
 Cheloderus childreni is a species of beetle belonging to the family Oxypeltidae.
 Beduino (1968–1991) was a registered Thoroughbred stallion who was a famous sire of Quarter Horses.
 Leptogorgia exigua is a coral species first described by Addison Emery Verrill in 1870. Verrill initially considered this species a diminutive variant of L. cuspidata but ultimately decided to consider L. exigua a separate species. It is native to the Pacific Ocean.
 The Caura Antbird (Schistocichla caurensis) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Heterallactis microchrysa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1940. It is found in Australia (Queensland).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are yellow with two broad brown bands. The hindwings are brown.
 Paracotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Petropedetes is a genus of frog in the family Petropedetidae. Recently the genus absorbed all three species of the former Arthroleptides genus.
 Stegastes imbricatus commonly called the Cape Verde gregory is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the tropical eastern Atlantic Ocean.
 Sphecosoma trinitatis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Trinidad.
 Cameraria bauhiniae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (West Bengal Maharashtra Karnataka).The wingspan is 5.3-5.9 mm.The larvae feed on Bauhinia acuminata and Bauhinia purpurea. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is placed either on the upper or lower side of the leaf usually on the space between veins. It is flat or very slightly tentiform when completed. Pupation takes place within a thin whitish cocoon placed inside the mine.
 Grotiusomyia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Navasota haemaphaeella is a species of snout moths in the genus Navasota. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from the Louisiade Archipelago.
 Anorrhinus is a genus of hornbills (family Bucerotidae) found in forests of south-east Asia (just barely extending into adjacent parts of India and China). They are social and typically seen in groups but only the dominant pair are believed to breed while other group members act as helpers.
 Deiracephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Stenarctia rothi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 Tilda's Yellow-shouldered Bat Sturnira tildae is a bat species from South America. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname Venezuela and Trinidad and Tobago.
 Scopula flaccidaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Asia Minor Russia and south-eastern Europe.The wingspan is 19–23 mm.
 Magnimyiolia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Inanidrilus wasseri is a species of Annelid worm.
 Hyneria was a prehistoric predatory lobe-finned fish that lived during the Devonian period around 360 million years ago.
 Conus hyaena common name the hyena cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Chrychrysia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Myrtale is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Platysenta.
 Stumpffia helenae is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. It now occurs in a few strips of fragmented habitat near Ambohitantely in Madagascar.
 The Phascogales (members of the eponymous genus Phascogale) also known as wambengers are carnivorous Australian marsupials of the family Dasyuridae. There are two species: the brush-tailed phascogale (Phascogale tapoatafa) and the red-tailed phascogale (Phascogale calura). As with a number of dasyurid species the males live for only one year dying after a period of frenzied mating.
 Enneacanthus gloriosus is a species of fish in the Centrarchidae the sunfishes known by the common name blue-spotted sunfish. It is native to the southeastern and eastern United States its distribution extending as far north as New Jersey Pennsylvania and far southern New York. It is native throughout most of its range but some populations represent introductions such as those in Lake Ontario and the upper Susquehanna River system.This fish reaches about 9.5 cm in maximum length.
 Taridius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: The genus was described by Chaudoir in 1875.
 Provanna macleani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Oxyothespis is a genus of praying mantis in the subfamily Oxyothespinae.
 Carpenter's chameleon Kinyongia carpenteri (Parker 1929) is a species of chameleons with a distribution limited to the mountain highlands on the border between Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The species name honors the type specimen's collector Dr. G. D. Hale Carpenter. Originally named in the genus Chamaeleo the species was moved into the genus Bradypodion prior to its current classification.
 Lysapsus caraya is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Brazil and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Common names: Moorish viper Sahara rock viper Atlas blunt-nosed viper more.Macrovipera mauritanica is a venomous viper species found in northwestern Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Hyposmocoma commensella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kilauea.
 Prodoxus sonorensis is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in south-eastern Arizona and south into northern Sonora Mexico.The wingspan is 8.9-12.8 mm for males and 10.9-15.6 mm for females. The forewings are white with a dark brown pattern. The hindwings are greyish brown. Adults are on wing from late June to mid August.The larvae feed on Yucca schottii. Larval cohorts emerge as adults over at least six years even when artificial winter and water is provided.
 Meteima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Juliomys is a genus of South American rodents of the family Cricetidae. Four species are known all found in Argentina and Brazil. They are as follows: Juliomys anoblepas (extinct) Juliomys ossitenuisJuliomys pictipes (Lesser Wilfred's mouse)Juliomys rimofrons (Cleft-headed juliomys)↑
 Galachrysis are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Myelois urbicella is a species of snout moths in the genus Myelois. It was described by Erschoff in 1874. It is found in Turkestan.
 Agrisius albula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Myanmar.
 The Ancylaini are a tribe of apid bees. The name was fixed by an ICZN opinion to differentiate it from the Ancylini tribe of fresh-water molluscs.
 Palaeopercichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Thanetian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
 Parasicydium bandama is a species of goby native to fresh waters of western Africa. This species grows to a length of 5.4 centimetres (2.1 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Tropheops macrophthalmus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can reach a length of 11.5 centimetres (4.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Callulops dubius is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Masca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cylindromyia auriceps is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Madeira pipistrelle (Pipistrellus maderensis) is a species of vesper bat. It is endemic to Azores Madeira and the Canary Islands.
 Cissura decora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Homalopteroides nebulosus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homalopteroides.
 Ortalotrypeta isshikii is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ortalotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Etheostoma acuticeps the sharphead darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where it is only known to occur in the Holston and the Nolichucky River systems. It inhabits small to medium sized rivers being found in rocky riffles in deep fast-flowing waters. This species can reach a length of 8.4 centimetres (3.3 in) TL though most only reach about 5.5 centimetres (2.2 in).
 Anopinella tinalandana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 6-7.5 mm.
 Chromodoris striatella is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Pachyrhizodus is an extinct genus of bony fish that lived during the Late Cretaceous in the Western Interior Seaway in North America and in Colombia South America.
 Stictane bipunctulata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1927. It is found on Sumatra.
 The Vinaceous Rosefinch (Carpodacus vinaceus) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in China India Myanmar Nepal and Taiwan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Parastegophilus is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.
 Anopina glossana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Costoanachis cascabulloi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Nitor is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae.
 Tasmantrix is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the Micropterigidae family.
 Pterocalla radiata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Tephritidae.
 Charitostega is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Acanthomyops pubescens is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthomyops genus. Described in 1942 by Buren the species is native to the United States.
 Timia protuberans is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Tarsiers are haplorrhine primates of the family Tarsiidae which is itself the lone extant family within the infraorder Tarsiiformes. Although the group was once more widespread all the species living today are found in the islands of Southeast Asia.
 Coleophora juglandella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Juglans nigra. They create a spatulate leaf case.
 Stathmopoda is a genus of moths of the subfamily Stathmopodinae in the Oecophoridae family. Note that the phylogeny and systematics of gelechoid moths are still not fully resolved.
 Carposina engalactis is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1932. It is found in Brazil.
 Czatkowiella is an extinct genus of long-necked archosauromorph known from Early Triassic (Olenekian age) rocks of Czatkowice 1 Poland. It was first named by Magdalena Borsuk−Białynicka and Susan E. Evans in 2009 and the type species is Czatkowiella harae.
 Eriocnemis is a genus of hummingbirds which - together with the species in the genus Haplophaedia - are known as pufflegs. They occur in humid forest woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1000 to 4800 m. asl in the Andes of Argentina Bolivia Peru Ecuador Colombia and Venezuela. The males have a colourful green coppery or blue plumage and the females are generally somewhat duller.
 Proteuxoa eupolia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Queensland.
 The Callitrichidae (also called Arctopitheci or Hapalidae) is a family of New World monkeys including marmosets and tamarins. At times this group of animals has been regarded as a subfamily called Callitrichinae of the family Cebidae.This taxon was traditionally thought to be a primitive lineage from which all the larger bodied platyrrhines evolved.
 Agabus undulatus is a species of beetle native to the Palearctic including Europe where it is only found in Albania Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Great Britain including Shetland Orkney Hebrides and Isle of Man Bulgaria Croatia the Czech Republic mainland Denmark Estonia mainland France Germany Hungary mainland Italy Kaliningrad Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg mainland Norway Poland Russia Slovakia Slovenia Sweden Switzerland the Netherlands and Ukraine.
 Turbonilla rufa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Asota fulvia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia.The wingspan is about 60 mm.
 Acrolepiopsis persimilis is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1974. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 9–12 mm.
 Carinastele coronata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Naarda fuliginaria is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 Anatsabites is a genus of cephalopod belonging to the Atsabitidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 The Mindanao White-eye (Lophozosterops goodfellowi) also known as the Black-masked White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. The specific epithet honours British zoological collector Walter Goodfellow. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The spectacled flying fox (Pteropus conspicillatus) also known as the spectacled fruit bat is a megabat that lives in Australia's north-eastern regions of Queensland. It is also found in New Guinea and on the offshore islands including Woodlark Island Alcester Island Kiriwina and Halmahera.The spectacled flying fox was listed as a threatened species under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act of 1991.
 Sinoennea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Diapheridae.
 Steinlen (1983 – 9 June 2001) was a Thoroughbred racehorse grass champion male. He was given an Eclipse Award in 1989 following wins in the Breeders' Cup Mile Arlington Million and Bernard Baruch Handicap.He was bred in the name of Allez France Stables. A stakes winner in France prior to arriving in the United States he was retired with 20 wins from 45 starts and earnings of $3297169. He entered stud in 1996 at William S.
 Mesolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobites that lived during the lower Cambrian (Botomian) found in Greenland and Spitsbergen.
 Parasyrphus is a genus of hoverflies.
 Statilia maculata common name Asian Jumping Mantis or 小蟷螂 Ko-kamakiri (Japanese meaning Small Mantis) or 좀사마귀 Joem-sa-ma-gui (Korean meaning Small Mantis) is a species of praying mantis native to Asia that can be found in China and Japan and Korea.
 Goatacara boliviana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Goatacara.
 Centrolene heloderma is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Volvarina tripartita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Schistura multifasciata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The gray whale (Eschrichtius robustus) is a baleen whale that migrates between feeding and breeding grounds yearly. It reaches a length of 14.9 meters (49 ft) a weight of 36 tonnes (40 short tons) and lives between 55 and 70 years. The common name of the whale comes from the gray patches and white mottling on its dark skin. Gray whales were once called devil fish because of their fighting behavior when hunted.
 Conspica parainconspicua is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Thailand.The wingspan is about 9 mm. The head patagia tegulae thorax and all areas of the forewing including the fringes are grey suffused with brown dots. The costal part is considerably darker brownish grey than the rest of the wing. The antemedial and postmedial lines are brown and broad. The terminal line is marked by black interneural dots.
 Erebotrechus infernus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Erebotrechus.
 For the 1923 Preakness Stakes winner of the same name see Vigil IIVigil (foaled 1873) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Ruditapes is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae.
 Cyprinion acinaces is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinion. This species has two subspecies Cyprinion acinaces acinaces and Cyprinion acinaces hijazi though the validity of the latter is in doubt. If C. a. hijazi is invalid then C. acinaces would be monotypic.
 The Red-capped Flowerpecker (Dicaeum geelvinkianum) is a small passerine bird endemic to and widespread within New Guinea and adjacent islands. It has recently been split from the Olive-crowned Flowerpecker Dicaeum pectorale.
 Lissonoschema macrocolum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Martins & Monné in 1978.
 Oreophryne (Cross Frogs) is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Southern Philippine Celebes and the Lesser Sunda Islands and New Guinea.
 The order Entomobryomorpha are one of the three main groups of springtails (Collembola) tiny hexapods related to insects. This group was formerly treated as a superfamily Entomobryoidea.They can be best distinguished from the other springtail groups by their body shape. The Symphypleona are very round animals almost spherical. The Poduromorpha are also very plump but have a more oval shape. Entomobryomorpha by contrast contain the slimmest springtails.
 Val d'Or (foaled 1902) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who was only defeated once in his career. His wins included the Prix de Deux Ans Grand Criterium Poule d'Essai des Poulains and Eclipse Stakes. During his racing career he was owned by Edmund Blanc and trained by Robert Denman. After retiring from racing he became a sire in Argentina.
 Noctuides griseoviridis is a species of snout moths in the genus Noctuides. It is known from Madagascar.
 Glipostenoda signatella is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1876.
 Phyllonorycter joannisi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula).The wingspan is 6.5–9 mm. Adults are on wing in May and August in two generations.The larvae feed on Acer platanoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a fairly large and rounded mine on the underside of a leaf between two veins but not necessarily touching both and sometimes situated at the leaf edge.
 The woolly monkeys are the genus Lagothrix of New World monkeys usually placed in the family Atelidae.The four species of woolly monkey all originate from the rainforests of South America. They have prehensile tails and live in relatively large social groups.One species of woolly monkey the yellow-tailed woolly monkey has recently been placed in the genus Oreonax.
 Prestosuchids were a group of Triassic carnivorous archosaurs. They were large active terrestrial apex predators ranging from around 2.5 to 7 metres (8.2 to 23.0 ft) in length. They succeeded the Erythrosuchidae as the largest archosaurs of their time. While resembling erythrosuchids in size and some features of the skull and skeleton they were more advanced in their erect posture and crocodile-like ankle indicating more efficient gait.
 The Purple-naped Lory (Lorius domicella) is a monotypic species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is forest-dwelling endemic to the islands of Seram Ambon and perhaps also Haruku and Saparua South Maluku Indonesia. It is considered endangered the main threat being from trapping for the cage-bird trade.
 Elegia southi is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Mimaplasta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Coppery-headed Emerald (Elvira cupreiceps) is a small hummingbird endemic to Costa Rica. It measures a mere 3 in (7.6 cm) in length and weighs only 3 g (0.11 oz). The male has distinctive coppery crown and rump with a whole green belly and white vent. The female has a white belly and a narrow black subterminal band on white outer rectrices of the tail.
 Selidosema agoraea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from Australia.
 The llama (/ˈlɑːmə/; Spanish: [ˈʎama] locally: [ˈʝama] or [ˈʒama]) (Lama glama) is a domesticated South American camelid widely used as a meat and pack animal by Andean cultures since pre-Hispanic times.The height of a full-grown full-size llama is 1.7 to 1.8 m (5.5 to 6.0 ft) tall at the top of the head and can weigh between 130 and 200 kg (280 to 450 lb). At birth a baby llama (called a cria) can weigh between 9 and 14 kg (20 and 30 lb).
 Tree crickets are insects of order Orthoptera. These crickets are in the subfamily Oecanthinae of the family Gryllidae. This subfamily contains seven genera.
 Astatomorpha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Marathonitidae is the only family in the Marathonitaceae superfamilies. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Lioptilodes alolepidodactylus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Argentina and Chile. Moths in this species take flight from October to December and have a wingspan of 23-25 millimetres.
 Polyphylla fullo is a beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae subfamily Melolonthinae.
 Mordella plagiata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1849.
 Perseus Opal (Chrysoritis perseus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family found only in South Africa.The wingspan is 24–28 mm for males and 26–30 mm for females. Flight period is two broods from August to March peaking November.Larva feed on Zygophyllum spp. They are associated with Crematogaster spp. ants.
 The Bloxworth Snout (Hypena obsitalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Mediterranean Basin and in the Near East and Middle East south up to the Sahara.The wingspan is 28–36 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August and from September to October in Europe. There are two or more generations per year.The larvae feed on Parietaria and Urtica species.
 Neocurtimorda perpusilla is a species of beetle in the Neocurtimorda genus which is part of the Mordellidae family.
 Cambarus is a large and diverse genus of North American crayfish. The adults range in size from about 5 centimetres (2 in) up to approximately 15 cm (6 in).
 Philautus cinerascens is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Burma.
 Bascanichthys is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae. It currently contains the following species: Bascanichthys bascanium (D. S. Jordan 1884) (Sooty eel) Bascanichthys bascanoides R. C.
 Eurosia annulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India.
 The spotted codlet MacClelland's unicorn-cod or unicorn cod Bregmaceros mcclellandi is a small deepwater codlet fish found in the western Indian Ocean to eastern Thailand. It occurs from the surface to depths of 2000 m (6600 ft) and it reaches up to 9.6 cm (3.8 in) in standard length. This species is of commercial importance to local fisheries.
 Mordella binotata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Campsicnemoides is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Phyllonorycter tridentatae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Iberian Peninsula.The larvae feed on Chamaespartium tridentatum. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The emperor shrimp (Periclimenes imperator) is a species of shrimp with a wide distribution across the Indo-Pacific. It lives commensally on a number of hosts including the sea slug Hexabranchus. A. J. Bruce first described it in 1967 based on eight specimens ranging from 4 millimetres (0.16 in) to 7.6 millimetres (0.30 in) and found Periclimenes rex to be its best resemblance.
 Armactica conchidia is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is primarily found in Australia.The adult moths of this species are dimorphic. The females are fawn and the forewings have a prominent dark brown patch on the inner margin.
 Phocides polybius is a species of butterfly in the skipper family Hesperiidae that is native to the Americas. It is found from the lower Rio Grande Valley of southern Texas in the United States south through Mexico and Central America to Argentina. Common names include Bloody Spot and Guava Skipper.The wingspan is 42–63 mm (1.7–2.5 in).
 Proablepharus is a genus of skinks endemic to Australia.
 Carpiscula virginiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Desbruyeresia spinosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 The red howler (Alouatta seniculus) is a South American species of howler monkey a type of New World monkey found in the western Amazon Basin in Venezuela Colombia Ecuador Peru Bolivia and Brazil. The population in the Santa Cruz Department in Bolivia was split off as a separate species the Bolivian red howler in 1985 and more recently splitting off the population in northeastern South America and Trinidad as the Guyanan red howler has been recommended.
 Psilothrix viridicoerulea is a species of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Dasytinae.This beetle is mainly present in Belgium Netherland Denmark Italy Spain Portugal and Greece.The adults grow up to 5–9 millimetres (0.20–0.35 in) long and are quite common in Summer on meadows pastures grasslands and a variety of flowers. Pronotum and elytra are punctuated and covered of black erect hairs.
 Nyassachromis nigritaeniatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers areas with sandy substrates. This species can reach a length of 21 centimetres (8.3 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Orthogonius luzonicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 Lima is a genus of file shells or file clams marine bivalve molluscs in the family Limidae the file shells within the subclass Pteriomorphia.The shells are obliquely trigonal and strongly radially ribbed the ribs scabrous to spinose.The soft parts are bright red and many tentacles protrude from the open valves.
 Penetes is a genus of large butterflies in the Nymphalidae family.
 The Fairy Yellow Barred Yellow or Barred Sulphur (Eurema daira) is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found from Argentina north to the southern United States. Strays can be found up to southern Arizona South Dakota southern Texas and even Washington D. C.The wingspan is 32–41 mm. Adults are on wing year round in the southern part of the range and in late summer and fall as vagrant.The larvae feed on Fabaceae species including Stylosanthes biflora and Aeschynomene species.
 The splendid perches are a small family Callanthiidae of marine fishes in the order Perciformes. The family is largely restricted to the Indian and Pacific Oceans; the only species found outside these regions are Callanthias legras of the southeast Atlantic and C. ruber of the East Atlantic and Mediterranean. These brightly coloured fishes are found in relatively deep waters; some species of Callanthias are the only to occur at depths within reach in normal scuba diving.
 The African Tree Toad (Nectophryne afra) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria possibly Central African Republic and possibly Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scopula juruana is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Ancylosis rhythmatica is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Arachnotermes is a genus of jumping spiders. Its only described species Arachnotermes termitophilus is only found in Brazil.The female of this species has a body length of 2.5 mm. The body is hairy with black erect hairs and small white scales. The general color is white. On the cephalothorax is an arc of white scales. Two large transverse white lines are found on the abdomen. The underside is black.This species is found in the nests of termites. It was first described from Varginha Brazil.
 Systata angustata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Systata of the family Tephritidae.
 The White-browed Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser mahali) is a predominantly brown sparrow-sized bird found throughout central and northcentral southern Africa. It is found in groups of two to eleven individuals consisting of one breeding pair and nonreproductive individuals.
 Stigmellites is a genus of Lepidopteran fossils. It is only known from trace fossils of leaf mines.
 Andegameryx is an extinct genus belonging to the family Hypertragulidae within the order Artiodactyla endemic to Europe during the Miocene living 22.4—20 Ma existing for approximately 2.4 million years.Andegameryx were primitive and ancient ruminants resembling small deer or musk deer although they were more closely related to modern chevrotains. Its diet is stated to be that of a frugivore. The only known fossil was found in Zaragoza Spain.
 Poropuntius exiguus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Poropuntius.
 Crickets family Gryllidae (also known as true crickets) are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets (family Tettigoniidae) and Weta (families Anostostomatidae and Rhaphidophoridae). They have somewhat flattened bodies and long antennae. There are more than 900 species of crickets. They tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs.
 Brookula is a genus of minute sea snails or micromolluscs marine gastropod molluscs unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Chaunus ictericus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes plantations rural gardens urban areas and canals and ditches.
 Bathytoma hecatorgnia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Chondrula is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.Chondrula is the type genus of the tribe Chondrulini.
 Battus crassus commonly known as the Crassus Swallowtail is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family.
 Pustulatirus mediamericanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Acanthurus nigricauda is a tropical fish with the common name epaulette surgeonfish.
 Metarctia flaviciliata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and Uganda.
 Common names: rosy boas rubber boas.Charina is a genus of nonvenomous boas found in North America. Three species are currently recognized.
 Pseudohermonassa ononensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the southern Siberian Mountains Kyrghyzstan and Alaska.The length of the fore wings is about 16 mm.
 Bathyfautor coriolis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Suillia femoralis is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 The Painted Tiger Parrot (Psittacella picta) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Coralliophila clathrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Elysius deceptura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1905. It is found in Peru.
 The Micronoctuinae are a subfamily of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 Henricus macrocarpana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Nevada and California.The wingspan is about 22 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in January March May June August and from October to November.
 Retusa is a genus of very small head-shield sea snails or barrel-bubble snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Retusidae.
 Artaxa is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae. Some of them have urticating hairs.
 Eleutherodactylus anolirex is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Grey-green Scrubwren (Sericornis arfakianus) is a bird species. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Paranthrenopsis is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 The Short-nosed Harvest Mouse (Reithrodontomys brevirostris) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
 Austrophanes robustum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Austrophanes.
 Turbonilla eucosmobasis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Prodotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Black and White Tit or Orchid Flash (Hypolycaena danis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Maluku Province in Indonesia as well as the New Guinea region and north-eastern Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults have white wings with broad black margins. The hindwings have blue edges with black spots and two tails.
 Elattoneura cellularis is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is found in Angola Botswana the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Namibia Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 The broad-palmed frog (Litoria latopalmata) is an Australian ground-dwelling tree frog. It is native to much of eastern Australia. They can be found from mid-Queensland to south of Sydney. It is associated with the coast and inland and is distributed as far west in New South Wales to the SA border.
 Eublemma anachoresis is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Indomalaya ecozone Australia and the southern part of Africa. Records include Fiji Hong Kong India Japan the Society Islands Swaziland Taiwan Thailand and northern New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.The wingspan is about 22–24 mm. The basal half of the forewings is yellow and the marginal half red or brown.The larvae feed on Waltheria americana.
 Diptychus sewerzowi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Diptychus.
 Graphium alebion is a butterfly found in China that belongs to the Swallowtail family.
 Duospina trichella is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It was described by Busck in 1908. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida Illinois Indiana Louisiana Maine Maryland Ohio Quebec and West Virginia.The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in March and from June to September.
 Shoguna is a genus of beetles in the family Monotomidae containing the following species: Shoguna chlorotica (Fairmaire 1886) Shoguna feae Grouvelle 1896 Shoguna longiceps (Grouvelle 1896) Shoguna rufotestacea Lewis 1884 Shoguna sicardi Grouvelle 1906 Shoguna striata Arrow 1900 Shoguna termitiformis (Fairmaire 1883)↑
 Danedream (foaled 7 May 2008) is a German Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2011 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in race record time. She is one of only two German trained horses to win the Arc the other being Star Appeal in 1975. In November 2011 she became the first German-trained horse to win a Cartier Racing Award.Danedream won only one of her first seven races before gaining her first important win in the Oaks d'Italia.
 Miniochoerus is an extinct genus of small oreodont endemic to North America during the Late Eocene through Early Oligocene (38—30.8 mya) which existed for approximately 6 million years.
 Rindgenaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Geomalacus oliveirae is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Arionidae the round back slugs.
 The Scarce Blue-tailed Damselfly or Small Bluetail Ischnura pumilio is a member of the damselfly family Coenagrionidae.The typical male has a black abdomen with a bright blue spot on tail (segments 8 and 9). It is very similar to the Blue-tailed Damselfly Ischnura elegans but on that species the blue spot is mostly on segment 8. Females undergo a change of colour as they mature. The immature female is bright orange the aurantiaca phase but matures to a greenish-brown.
 Perdicella is a genus of tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.
 Americain is an American-bred French trained thoroughbred racehorse. The six-year-old stayer won the 150th Melbourne Cup in 2010 ridden by Gérald Mossé trained by Alain De Royer-Dupre and owned by Melbourne businessmen Gerry Ryan and Kevin Bamford.Americain was purchased in February 2010 by Ryan and Bamford after his 2009 season included a Group 2 win in France and a failed campaign in the United States.
 The Indian Weed Caterpillar (Australothis rubrescens) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found all over Australia (including Tasmania) and in Papua New Guinea.Larvae have been recorded on Sigesbeckia orientalis Ixiolaena brevicompta Podolepis longipedata Hibisucs Nicotiana tabacum Solanum dioicum and Stylidium productum.
 Anadema macandrewii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae
 Jocara majuscula is a species of snout moth in the genus Jocara. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1871 and is found in California Florida Central America Cuba Puerto Rico and Jamaica.
 Leptotyphlops perreti is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Risoba rafflesae is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Sumatra.
 Misty Morn (1952–1971) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. She was by the stakes winning sire Princequillo who had been smuggled from Europe during World War II and also sired the dam of Secretariat Somethingroyal. Bred and owned by Gladys Mills Phipps' Wheatley Stable at age three Misty Morn broke the Jamaica Racetrack track record en route to winning the 1955 Gallant Fox Handicap.Her first stakes win came versus unrestricted three olds in the Providence Stakes at Narragansett Park.
 Vanitrochus geertsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Elachiptera is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Bowker’s Blue (Tarucus bowkeri) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa from the North Cape south to fynbos in the West Cape and east to the Amatolas in the East Cape.The wingspan is 23–27 mm for males and 26–29 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to March but is most common in early summer and sometimes also on wing in winter. There are multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on Phylica paniculata.
 Hypsiboas cordobae is a frog species in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Tinissa eumetrota is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1926. It is found in New Ireland.
 Eutelesia placida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo).
 Lobotorna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Colostethus bromelicola is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Pale Four-line Blue Nacaduba hermus is a species of lycaenid butterfly found in South Asia.
 Zeta Stone Loach (Barbatula zetensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbatula.
 Conosphaeron is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Conosphaeron concolor Linsley 1935 Conosphaeron spinipenne Chemsak & Linsley 1967↑
 Starksia fasciata the Blackbar blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny so far known only from around the Bahamas and Cuba. It inhabits shallow rocky areas at depths of from 6 to 7 metres (20 to 23 ft). This species can reach a length of 2.7 centimetres (1.1 in) SL.
 The small-toothed palm civet (Arctogalidia trivirgata) also known as the three-striped palm civet is a civet. It lives in dense forests of southeast Asia from the Assam district of India to Indochina and the Malay Peninsula and on Sumatra Bangka Java Borneo and numerous small nearby islands of Indonesia.A monotypic genus Arctogalidia means ‘bear-weasel’ (from ancient Greek arkto- ‘bear’ + galidia ‘little weasel’).
 Nuttallia obscurata common name the purple mahogany clam dark mahogany clam varnish clam or savory clam is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Psammobiidae. This clam is native to Japan. It has been introduced in the North American coasts of the Eastern Pacific Ocean in British Columbia Washington and Oregon where it is considered to be an invasive species; it is often harvested for food there.
 The Brown Tanager (Orchesticus abeillei) is a small passerine bird and a member of the tanager family. It is the only member of the genus Orchesticus.The Brown Tanager is c. 17 cm (6½ in) in length and weighs c. 31.5 g. As suggested by its name the plumage is overall brown. The bill is relatively thick. It is endemic to humid Atlantic forest of south-eastern Brazil at altitudes of 900–1500 m (2950–4900 ft). It forages in the canopy and is typically seen in pairs.
 The Truncate Coralfish (Chelmonops truncatus) is a species of butterflyfish in the genus Chelmonops endemic to Australia. It is also known as the Eastern Talma
 Natarsiini is a tribe of midges in the non-biting midge family (Chironomidae).
 Tylobolus is a genus of millipede in the order Spirobolida with seven known species found in western North America. It is in the family Spirobolidae and is the type genus of the subfamily Tylobolinae. The genus was named by Orator F. Cook in 1904.
 Antispila oinophylla is a species of moth of the Heliozelidae family. It is found in North America including Ontario Quebec Connecticut Georgia Kentucky New York Tennessee and Vermont. Records under Antispila ampelopsifoliella from Maine Missouri and Ohio may also partly refer to this species. In Europe it is introduced into northern Italy.The wingspan is 5.5-6.2 mm.In North America larvae have been found feeding on Vitis aestivalis (var. aestivalis and var.
 Kilburnia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eurithia consobrina is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Rhagonycha nigriceps is a species of soldier beetles belonging to the family Cantharidae subfamily Cantharinae.This beetle is mainly present in Austria Czech Republic France Germany Italy Spain Switzerland and in East Palearctic ecozoneThe adults grow up to a centimetre. They are distinguished for the orange-brown colour of elytra the red pronotum and black head (hence the specific name).
 Stictomyia longicornis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Stictomyia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Micronaclia rubrivittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in Cameroon.
 Hilarographa regalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is about 20-21 mm.
 Dynastopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Lophophelma niveata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Manoba melanomedia is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Inoue in 1991. It is found on Borneo and in Taiwan and Thailand. The habitat consists of hill dipterocarp forests and lower montane forests and scrub on limestone.
 Praegnophosema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Monosyntaxis radiifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cerný in 1995. It is found on the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Anthidium friesei is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Scania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is the sister group of Pseudoleucania.
 Poecilasthena character is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra.Adults are white with green fasciation.
 Machlotica porphyrospila is a species of sedge moths in the genus Machlotica. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found in Peru.
 Plexauridae is a family of marine colonial octocorals in the phylum Cnidaria. Members of this family are found in shallow tropical and sub-tropical seas. Many species contain symbiotic photosynthetic algae called zooxanthellae.
 Morel (1805 – after 1830) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic Oaks Stakes at Epsom Downs Racecourse in 1808. In a racing career which lasted from April 1808 until July 1812 the mare ran twenty-seven times and won fourteen races. She was mainly campaigned at Newmarket Racecourse running against some of the best horses of the era in match races and frequently carrying large weights in handicaps.
 Algoasaurus (/ælˌɡoʊ.əˈsɔrəs/; Algoa Bay reptile) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Tithonian-early Valanginian-age Late Jurassic-Early Cretaceous Upper Kirkwood Formation of Cape Province South Africa. It was a neosauropod; although it has often been assigned to the Titanosauridae there is no evidence for this and recent reviews have considered it to be an indeterminate sauropod.The type species A.
 Chromodoris leopardus is a species of colorful a chromodorid nudibranch a marine gastropod
 Falsocis is a genus of beetles in the family Ciidae containing the following species: Falsocis brasiliensis Lopes-Andrade 2007 Falsocis flavus Pic 1922 Falsocis opacus Pic 1916↑
 Mecomma ambulans is a species of bugs in the Miridae family that can be found throughout Europe (except for Portugal) and the far north and as far east as China. The species have black pronotum with brown wings and yellow legs all of which is similar to Tupiocoris rhododendri.
 Cypselurus is a genus of flyingfish.
 Apatelodes erubescens is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Brazil.The larvae feed on Byrsonima pachyphylla and Byrsonima verbascifolia.
 The Southern Three-striped Opossum Monodelphis theresa is an opossum species from South America. It is found in the Atlantic Forest region of Brazil.
 Pempeliella alibotuschella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Bulgaria.
 Scoparia pyralella is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 17–20 mm. The moth flies in June depending on the location.The larvae feed on decaying plants and perhaps the roots of Senecio jacobaea.
 Pseudopoda spirembolus is a species of huntsman spider found in Japan.
 Pelecanoides miokuaka is an extinct species of diving petrel of New Zealand. Described in 2007 it is known only from a single humerus bone that was discovered from early Miocene sediments of the Manuherikia Group.
 The Canary big-eared bat (Plecotus teneriffae) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.It is endemic to the Canary Islands.The species is primarily found in woodland habitat at elevations between 100 and 2300 m. It feeds mainly on moths. Roosting sites include caves lava tubes and abandoned buildings. It is threatened by habitat loss due to deforestation use of pesticides near forest habitat and loss of roosting sites due to building renovation.
 The Tahiti Swiftlet (Aerodramus leucophaeus) is a species of swift in the family Apodidae. It is endemic to the Society Islands in French Polynesia where it occurs on Tahiti and Moorea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Lixophaga is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Triplophysa arnoldii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Xylophanes josephinae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Guatemala and Mexico.The wingspan is 40-42 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes damocrita but larger the forewings are more elongate making the outer margin appear almost straight the hindwings are longer (the apex clearly exceeding the forewing tornus).
 Corcobara angulipennis is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.
 Turbonilla rosapereirae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Duplex cockingi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from south-western Queensland and the northern part of New South Wales.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The forewing is long and broad. The subterminal area is grey. The crosslines are all present and black. The terminal line is marked by dense black interneural spots.
 Orecta fruhstorferi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela.The length of the forewings is about 34 mm. It is similar to Orecta lycidas but darker and more strongly marked. The forewing and hindwing upperside markings are chocolate brown light brown on the forewing or reddish-brown on the hindwing.
 Adaeudora is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Miombo Blue-eared Starling (Lamprotornis elisabeth) also known as the Southern Blue-eared Glossy-starling is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family. It is found in Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Lironoba is a monospecific genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 Edovum is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Psococerastis gibbosa is a species of Psocoptera from the Psocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. They are also common in Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Denmark Finland France Germany Hungary Italy Latvia Luxembourg Norway Poland Romania Spain Sweden Switzerland and the Netherlands. The species are yellowish-black coloured and are striped.
 Baritius cepiana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Venezuela.
 Clarkeulia perversa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Heliolonche joaquinensis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the San Joaquin Valley from San Benito and Fresno counties in the north and Kern and Santa Barbara counties in the south.The length of the forewings is 8.5–9 mm for males and 8–9 mm for females. Adults are on wing from March to May.
 Antillophos brigitteae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pelidnota burmeisteri is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.
 Zodarion marginiceps is a spider species found in Spain and France.
 Daona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Angosomaspis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Heteroplopomus barbatus is a species of goby native to the Pacific waters along the coasts of Japan where it inhabits areas with rocky bottoms. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Anelosimus guacamayos is a species of social cobweb spider that occurs in the lower Ecuadorian sierra. The live in large nests (1-2 meters in width) and are found in disturbed areas. Like rain forest cobweb spiders they cooperate in the capture of prey and building of a communal nest.
 Mcqueenoceras is an early endocerid a nautilus from the Ordovician period similar in overall form to Clitendoceras from which it may have been derived. It lived during the later stages of the lower Ordovician. McQueenoceras like Clitendoceras has ventral siphuncle but the endocones are thicker on the ventral side and thinner on the dorsal. Also the sutures in McQueenoceras retreat rearward forming lobes as they cross the venter.
 Copelatus taprobanicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Wewalka & Vazirani in 1985.
 Oxycanus barnardi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Queensland and New South Wales.
 Albionella is a genus of jumping spiders. A. propria has been found only in Panama while the other two described species only occur in French Guiana.
 Anasigerpes amieti is a species of praying mantis in the genus Antistia in the order Mantodea.
 Pisaster ochraceus generally known as the purple sea star ochre sea star or ochre starfish is a common starfish found among the waters of the Pacific Ocean. Identified as a keystone species Pisaster is considered an important indicator for the health of the intertidal zone.
 Kanetisa is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 Phassus tesselatus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. The type location is listed as New Holland.
 Nipponotrophon gorgon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mitsukurina is a genus of mackerel shark in the family Mitsukurinidae. It contains one extant species the goblin shark (M. owstoni) and more extinct species. The genus was described by American ichthyologist David Starr Jordan in 1898.
 Mueller's pearlside or Mueller's bristle-mouth fish Maurolicus muelleri a marine hatchetfish of the genus Maurolicus is found in deep tropical and subtropical waters of all oceans from the surface to depths of 1500 m. Its length is between five and eight cm.
 The Tristram's Warbler (Sylvia deserticola) is a species of Old World warbler in the Sylviidae family.It is found in Algeria Libya Mauritania Morocco Tunisia and Western Sahara.Its natural habitat is subtropical dry shrubland.The species is named after Reverend Henry Baker Tristram who also collected natural history specimens.
 Attacus paukstadtorum is a moth from the Saturniidae family.
 Procambarus rathbunae is a species of crayfish in family Cambaridae. It is endemic to Okaloosa County and Walton County Florida and is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
 The rex sole Glyptocephalus zachirus is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. Locally it may also be known as a witch or threadfin sole (due to the filamentous pelvic fin on the eyed surface). It is a demersal fish that lives in temperate waters on sand or mud bottoms at depths of up to 900 metres (3000 ft) though it is most commonly found between 61 and 500 metres (200 and 1640 ft).
 Anthidium sichuanense is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The Stolzmann's Pacific Iguana or Stolzmann's Lizard (Microlophus stolzmanni) is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Peru.
 Megalographa bonaerensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Brazil and Paraguay southward to northern Argentina and Chile.
 Telipna citrimaculata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 Muricopsis (Risomurex) deformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Euleia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Eurymela fenestrata is a species of leafhopper found throughout mainland Australia. It is widely known as the Common Jassid.
 Truncatella pulchella is a species of very small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea a gastropod mollusk in the family Truncatellidae. This species lives on coastlines in the tropical western Atlantic.
 Macroglossum castaneum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands.The upperside is generally brownish black but the head and anterior part of the thorax are olive green and the posterior abdominal segments are somewhat chestnut. The abdomen has two restricted yellow side patches. The palpus underside is grey and much speckled with brown. The thorax underside is olive green and the abdomen underside is burnt-umber. The side tufts have white tips.
 Afrolittorina africana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Hyattoceratinae is one of two subfamilies of the Vidrioceratidae Family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Xenohyla truncata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss. This frog is unique among amphibians in that it is the world's only fruit-eating frog. Fruit eating behavior is intrinsic with fruit making up a significant percentage of the frogs' diets.
 Bluegrass Cat is a thoroughbred race horse. Foaled on January 23 2003 he finished second in the 2006 Kentucky Derby 6.5 lengths behind Barbaro.
 Judeoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Starksia occidentalis the Occidental blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the western Caribbean Sea where it occurs at depths of around 1 metre (3.3 ft).
 The Mascarene owls were those belonging to the genus Mascarenotus. They were restricted to islands in the Indian Ocean. All three species the Réunion Owl Mauritius Owl and Rodrigues Owl are now extinct.
 Acrocercops hapsidota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guyana. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 Yavanna is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Metarctia diversa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1911. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Angola.
 Leptogorgia virgulata commonly known as the sea whip or colorful sea whip is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae.
 Derjuginella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Synersaga mondulkiriensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Cambodia.The wingspan is 17-18 mm. The forewings are covered with dark fuscous scales throughout. There are two well developed blackish discal spots. The hindwings are broader than the forewings. They are pale brownish orange.
 Bistolida is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Loxonematidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs.This family has no subfamilies.
 The Pohnpei Starling (Aplonis pelzelni) also known as Pohnpei Mountain Starling or Ponape Mountain Starling is an extremely rare or possibly extinct bird from the family of starlings (Sturnidae). It is (or was) endemic to the island of Pohnpei (Federated States of Micronesia) in the Pacific Ocean. It was called sie (pronounced see-ah) by the Pohnpei islanders. It was named after the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln (1825–1891).
 Dryocalamus is a genus of colubrid snakes.Species under this genus include : Dryocalamus nympha Dryocalamus gracilis
 Eresina bergeri is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lualaba) Uganda north-western Tanzania and possibly the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of dense primary forests.
 Synodontis depauwi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it can be found in Stanley Pool. This species grows to a length of 24 centimetres (9.4 in) TL.
 The ʻAkikiki (Oreomystis bairdi) also called the Kauaʻi Creeper is a critically endangered bird endemic to Kauaʻi Hawaiʻi. It is a Hawaiian honeycreeper.
 The Bruce Spanworm (Operophtera bruceata) or (in North America) Winter Moth is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from coast to coast in southern Canada and the northern parts of the United States.The wingspan of the males is 25–30 mm. Females have underdeveloped wings and do not fly. Adults are on wing from October to December.The larvae primarily feed on the leaves of Sugar Maple American Beech and Trembling Aspen.
 Exilia expeditionis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Eupselia aristonica is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Mimoclystia griveaudi is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North Madagascar.It looks close to Mimoclystia acme Prout but is bigger in size with larger wings and the coloration is more rose. The length of its frontwings is 13.5 mm.
 Apiomorpha is a genus of scale insect that induces galls on species of Eucalyptus. Galls are initiated by first-instar nymphs (crawlers) on new plant growth and when mature the galls exhibit marked sexual dimorphism. Those induced by females are among the largest and most spectacular of arthropod-induced galls whereas those of males are small and most are tubular.
 The Indochinese tiger (Panthera tigris corbetti) is a tiger subspecies dispersed throughout the Indochina region of Southeastern Asia. In 2007 its population comprised less than 2500 individuals with no subpopulations greater than 250 individuals so the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species categorized the Indochinese tiger as Endangered. Estimates range from 202 to 352 total individuals in the wild so the Indochinese tiger approaches the threshold for Critically Endangered.
 Emarginula tenera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Epimeciodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Simple Wave (Scopula junctaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the whole of Canada and the northern United States south to Maryland Arizona and California.The wingspan is 20–26 mm. Adults are on wing from late May to August. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various plants including chickweed clover and elm.
 Melanophryniscus fulvoguttatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ernocornutia termasiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream mixed strigulated and dotted with brown. The hindwings are cream but whiter in the basal part and tinged with pale ochreous in the apical portion.
 Caloptilia acericola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū Kyūshū) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 9–11 mm.The larvae feed on Acer japonicum Acer mono Acer palmatum and Acer pseudosieboldianum. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Hemistola kezukai is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The flat caco flat dainty frog or smooth dainty frog (Cacosternum platys) is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family endemic to South Africa.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens urban areas ponds irrigated land canals and ditches and introduced vegetation.
 Lycomorphodes aurobrunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gibeaux in 1983. It is found in French Guinea.
 Stigmella intermedia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Ohio Arkansas Kentucky and Ontario.The wingspan is 3-3.5 mm. Usually there are but two generations per year with larvae maturing in July and overwintering but occasionally a third generation appears.The larvae feed on Rhus typhina and Rhus aromatica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Gymnobela yoshidai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Prochoreutis hestiarcha is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1912. It is found in India (Assam) and China (Shillong Kwangtung).
 Pachliopta mariae is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found in the Philippines.The wingspan is 100–110 mm. The wings are generally black with red spots and white markings.The larvae feed on Aristolochia species.
 Tyrannochromis macrostoma or Big-Mouth Hap is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers rocky shallows. This species can reach a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Drymaeus multilineatus common name the lined treesnail is a species of medium-sized air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.
 Funa fourlinniei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Collonista amakusaensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Acrobasis repandana is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on oak.
 Cosmisoma pulcherrimum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1870.
 The Great Swallow-tailed Swift (Panyptila sanctihieronymi) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Eupithecia signigera is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Korea.The wingspan is about 17–19 mm. The ground colour of the fore- and hindwings is reddish brown. Adults are on wing from March to May in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Abelia spathula Symplocos chinensis Pieris japonica Rhododendron kaempferi and Euonymus alata.
 Oenas is a genus of blister beetle related to the well-known Lytta vesicatoria (a.k.a. Spanish Fly). The genus is Mediterranean in its distribution (from Morocco & Spain east to Caucasus Palestine & Iran).nl:Oenas
 Synpelurga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Timia libani is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Gonocephalum assimile is a species of darkling beetle in the family Tenebrionidae.
 The New Caledonia catshark or Kanakorum catshark Aulohalaelurus kanakorum is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae in the order Carcharhiniformes known only from one specimen collected near southwestern New Caledonia in the western central Pacific Ocean. The holotype measured 79 cm.The New Caledonia catshark is a rare and vulnerable inshore catshark found around coral reefs.
 Tapinoma (from Greek τᾰπείνωμα low position) is a genus of ants that belongs to the subfamily Dolichoderinae. The genus currently comprises 71 described species distributed worldwide in tropical and temperate regions. Members of are generalized foragers nesting in a wide variety of habitats ranging from grasslands open fields woodlands to inside buildings.
 The Habbema dasyure (Micromurexia habbema) is a species of marsupial in the Dasyuridae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is rocky areas.It is the only species in the genus Micromurexia.
 Thamnophilus is a genus of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae. The species in this genus are commonly known as antshrikes. They are insectivores that feed by gleaning prey from foliage and are found in the Neotropics.
 Hippotion pentagramma is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the arid areas in Arabia Somalia and Ethiopia.The length of the forewings is 22-24 rnm. The head body and forewings are pale sandy brown. The forewings are marked with five narrow evenly curved parallel darker lines running from the inner margin to the apex and costa. The intensity of these lines is variable and some specimens are almost unmarked.
 Thyrocopa vagans is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai.The length of the forewings is about 8 mm. Adults are on wing at least in May August and September. The ground color of the forewings is mostly very light grey mottled with a few brown scales darker near thorax and along the costal margin. The hindwings are light brown. The fringe is very light brown.
 The Sunda long-eared bat (Nyctophilus heran) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Indonesia.
 Palmoliparis beckeri the Gloved snailfish is a species of snailfish found around the northern Kuril Islands in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. This species can be found at depths of from 200 to 800 metres (660 to 2620 ft). This species grows to a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) TL though more usually around 29.6 centimetres (11.7 in) TL. The maximum known weight for this species is 1080 grams (2.38 lb). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Abronia bogerti is an arboreal alligator lizard described in 1954 by Tihen.A single specimen was collected in 1954 and A. bogerti has not been spotted since. The location was north of Niltepec between Cerro Atravesado and Sierra Madre Oaxaca Mexico. Because the species was collected in the canopy of the forest it is believed that deforestation and ongoing crop and livestock farming pose the largest threats to its survival. Mexican law protects the lizard.
 Atopomesus pachyodus is a species of characin endemic to the Rio Negro basin in Brazil. It is the only member of its genus.
 Teuflesberg (foaled February 3 2004 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Stenoptilia harhorina is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia (Kharkhorin mountains and Ulanbator West).The wingspan is 15–16 mm. The forewings are brown with a slight red shine. Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Asura mutabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania and Kenya.
 Alvania stenolopha is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The eastern mud turtle (Kinosternon subrubrum) or common mud turtle is a common species of turtle found in the United States.
 Collix ghosha is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Indo-Australian tropics from the Indian Subregion to Queensland and New Caledonia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are pale brown with a number of dark spots.The larvae feed on Ardisia and Embelia species. They prefer the young leaves. The larvae have a rosy pinkish green body and a yellow-green head. Pupation takes place in a sparse cocoon which is made in a curled leaf of the host plant.
 Mordella funesta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1837.
 The Filfola Lizard or Maltese Wall Lizard (Podarcis filfolensis) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is found in Italy and Malta.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas rocky shores arable land pastureland and rural gardens.
 Gandalfus yunohana is a species of crab.G. yunohana is found on hydrothermal vents on the eastern edge of the Philippine Sea Plate south of Japan. It lives at shallower depths than other members of the family Bythograeidae at 420–1380 metres (1380–4530 ft). Because no light penetrates to such depths the eyes of G.
 Euphaedra graueri is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Oidaematophorus baroni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America (including California and New York).The wingspan is about 30 millimetres (1.2 in). The front of the head is brownish cinereous. The antennae are pale cinereous dotted above with dark brown. The thorax and abdomen are pale brownish cinereous the latter marked dorsally by a row of fine black dots on each segment beyond the third.
 Amolops bellulus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in China and Myanmar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Scinax fuscomarginatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Anaphosia mirabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bartel in 1903. It is found in Kenya and Malawi.
 The mahogany tree frog Tlalocohyla loquax is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Berlanguella scopae is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Cowan's shrew tenrec (Microgale cowani) is a species of mammal in the Tenrecidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
 Sassia midwayensis is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The blackline rasbora Rasbora borapetensis is a fish of the family Cyprinidae found in Asia in the Mekong Chao Phraya and Mae Klong basins and also the northern Malay Peninsula. In the aquarium trade it is known by a variety of other names including red-tailed rasbora bora bora rasbora and brilliant rasbora.
 Fairy King (1982–1999) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and a successful sire. A full brother to Sadler's Wells he was bred and raced by Robert Sangster and associates. Out of the mare Fairy Bridge he was sired by Northern Dancer who is regarded as the 20th century’s best sire of sires. [1]Fairy King made only one racing start and broke down with damage to a bone in his foot.
 Hypena perspicua is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Hemicaranx is a genus of jacks found in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
 Rhipicephalus microplus (formerly Boophilus microplus) is an economically important tick that parasitises a variety of livestock species; it is known as the cattle tick or southern cattle tick. It has been recorded on cattle buffalo horses donkeys goats sheep deer pigs dogs and some wild animals. It is found in Asia parts of Australia on Madagascar in southeastern Africa in the Caribbean South and Central America and Mexico.
 Calyptra thalictri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is native to the area ranging from Japan and Korea south to China and Malaysia west through the Urals to Southern Europe but it has recently expanded its range to northern Europe.
 Diaphoroplax is a genus of chitons in the family Mopaliidae.
 Padenia transversa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Sri Lanka and on the Andamans.
 Hagnagora unnia is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Costa Rica.Males are usually smaller but otherwise are indistinguishable fromthose of Hagnagora elianne. They may be distinguished from Hagnagora anicata by the swollen distal half of the uncus (as opposed to gently tapered) and the absence of a moderately large upcurved spine at the end of the costa. Females may be distinguished from those of H. elianne by their shorter less complex signum. The female of H.
 Schizothorax oconnori is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Halysidota rhoda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Luciosoma bleekeri (Chinese: 布氏梭大口魚 Thai: ปลาซิวอ้าว) is a species of small cyprinid fish found in Southeast Asia from the Mae Klong River to the Mekong. It lives mainly in rivers moving into flooded forests and fields during the floods and back into the river as the floods recede. It usually swims close to the surface in schools of many individuals.It is one of the most abundant of the different types of minnow-sized fishes known as (Pla sio) in Thailand.
 The Java mouse-deer (Tragulus javanicus) is a species of even-toed ungulate in the family Tragulidae. When it reaches maturity it is about the size of a rabbit making it one of the smallest ungulates. It is found in forests in Java and perhaps Bali although sightings there have not been verified.
 Gymnothorax australicola is a moray eel found in the southeast and southwest Pacific ocean. It was first named by Lavenberg in 1992 and is commonly known as the South Pacific moray.
 Amerila astreus is a member of Arctiidae family. It is found from the Oriental region (including India) to New Guinea. The species is found in primary and secondary habitats ranging from the lowlands to montane regions.
 Pyramidelloides minutus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Pyramidelloides.
 Panthera onca augusta commonly known as the Pleistocene North American jaguar is an extinct subspecies of the jaguar that was endemic to North and South America during the Pleistocene epoch (1.8 mya—11000 years ago).
 Nycticeius is a small genus of bats in the vesper bat family Vespertilionidae. It contains three species the Evening Bat (N. humeralis) the Cuban Evening Bat (N. cubanus) and Nycticeius aenobarbus. Some authorities include several other Old World species in Nycticeius but recent genetic work shows that is a completely New World genus. The Cuban Night Bat is found only on the island of Cuba and very little is known about this species. It is similar in appearance to N.
 Angaria carmencita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Angariidae.
 The Common Kestrel (Falco tinnunculus) is a bird of prey species belonging to the kestrel group of the falcon family Falconidae. It is also known as the European Kestrel Eurasian Kestrel or Old World Kestrel. In Britain where no other kestrel species occurs it is generally just called the kestrel.This species occurs over a large range. It is widespread in Europe Asia and Africa as well as occasionally reaching the east coast of North America[citation needed].
 Melitara prodenialis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is native to North America where it is known from south-eastern New York to Florida along the Atlantic coastal plain and west to eastern Oklahoma and north-central and south-eastern Texas. It is an introduced species in Hawaii.There are two generations per year throughout most of its range but three generations in Florida.
 Brenthia confluxana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Brazil Trinidad Cuba Jamaica and Dominica.The length of the forewings is 3.9-4.1 mm for males and 4-4.8 mm for females.
 Thubana is a genus of moth in the family Lecithoceridae.
 Sinodendron rugosum is a member of the family Lucanidae the stag beetles. It is commonly referred to as the rugose stag beetle and is the only known member of the genus Sinodendron to occur in western North America.
 Olepa kakatii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in north-eastern India and Assam.
 Aethes kandovana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Iran.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish with glossy pearly scales and two rust-brown fasciae. The hindwings are pale brownish grey.
 Conioscinella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Cyphoma versicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Confused eusarca (Eusarca confusaria) is a member of the Geometridae family that occurs in North America. It is the only member of the Eusarca genus that inhabits the northern portion of the United States and Canada.
 The lyrate Asiatic hard clam Meretrix lyrata also known simply as the hard clam (Vietnamese: Nghêu Bến Tre) is an edible saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae the Venus clams.This species occurs along the coasts of Vietnam Taiwan the Philippines and Southern China.
 Mniophila muscorum is a species of Chrysomelidae family that can be found nearly everywhere in Europe it is not worth it to search in Turkey Caucasus.
 The Bombinatoridae are often referred to as fire-bellied toads because of their brightly colored ventral sides which show they are highly toxic. This family includes two genera Barbourula and Bombina both of which have flattened bodies.Bombina species are warty aquatic toads about 7 cm (2.8 in) in length and most noted for their bright bellies.
 Olivella ephamilla is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Cycetogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 The Cuban Kite Swallowtail (Protographium celadon) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is endemic to Cuba. Occasional strays can be found on the Florida Keys.The wingspan is 66–85 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October in two generations.
 Parnassius jacobsoni is a high altitude butterfly which is found only in Tajikistan and Afghanistan.It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 Velutinidae is a family of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha. The shell of these animals is very thin and delicate and internal completely covered by the mantle (which has fused lobes) so the appearance of these animals more closely resembles that of sea slugs rather than sea snails.
 Durangonella is a genus of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The kotso (Paretroplus petiti) is a species of cichlid fish from northwestern Madagascar. Currently rated as data deficient by the IUCN this species is virtually unknown. The only known specimen is a juvenile that was collected more than 80 years ago. It is not entirely clear where it was collected but likely from the Maintimaso River or Lake Ambanja which both are part of the Betsiboka River drainage. Erroneously the name P.
 Pallasina barbata the Tubenose poacher is a species of poacher native to the northern Pacific Ocean. This species occurs at depths of from 0 to 105 metres (0 to 344 ft). This species grows to a length of 17 centimetres (6.7 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Owlflies are dragonfly-like insects with large bulging eyes and strongly knobbed antennae. They are neuropterans in the family Ascalaphidae; they are only distantly related to the true flies and even more distant from the dragonflies and damselflies. They are diurnal or crepuscular predators of other flying insects and are typically 5 cm (2.0 in) long.
 Gomphidia bredoi is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Manzonia bacalladoi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Common names: Nikolsky's adder forest-steppe adder.Vipera nikolskii is a venomous viper species endemic in Ukraine eastern Romania and southwestern Russia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The lesser earless lizard (Holbrookia maculata) is a species of phrynosomid lizard endemic to the southwestern and central United States and northern Mexico.
 Agelaea fulva is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Sardinia.
 Nanocochlea monticola is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The Volga undermouth or Volga nase (Chondrostoma variabile) is a species of cyprinid freshwater fish. This one lives in the Emba Ural and Volga drainages of the Caspian Sea basin and the Don River drainage of the Black Sea basin.
 Chamanthedon ochracea is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Camuropiscis is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm from the late Devonian of the Gogo Formation of Western Australia. The species of Camuropiscis had a flattened elongated snout that may have aided in enhancing its hydrodynamic streamlining.
 Antaxius is a genus of 'katydids crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae.
 Oenopota triphera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Phacusa inermis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Alberti in 1954. It is found in China.
 The red stingray (Dasyatis akajei) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae found in the northwestern Pacific Ocean off Japan Korea and China and possibly elsewhere. It primarily inhabits shallow sandy habitats close to shore and has been known to enter brackish water. The red stingray has a diamond-shaped pectoral fin disc and gains its common name from its bright orange-red underside; there may also be patches of orange at various spots on its upper surface.
 The golden silk orb-weavers (genus Nephila) are a genus of araneomorph spiders noted for the impressive webs they weave. Nephila consists of numerous individual species found around the world. They are also commonly called golden orb-weavers giant wood spiders or banana spiders.
 Scelimena razalii is an insect found in Malaysia belonging to the Tetrigidae family.
 Protogygia biclavis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the White Sands National Monument Otero County New Mexico as well as California Utah and Arizona.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 Gymnothorax woodwardi commonly known as the Woodward's moray is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the western Indian Ocean around Australia. It was first named by McCulloch in 1912.
 The black-capped fruit bat (Chironax melanocephalus) is a species of megabat in the monotypic genus Chironax.
 The Eluina Eighty-eight (Diaethria eluina) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Peru to Bolivia and Brazil. The wingspan is about 30–40 mm. Adults are black with a blue band on each wing. The underside is red and white with black stripes.
 The Ochre Dagger Moth (Acronicta morula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Saskatchewan to Nova Scotia south to Florida west to Texas.The wingspan is 40–50 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September in two or more generations depending on the location.The larvae feed on the leaves of Ulmus and also Tilia Malus and Crataegus species.
 Mordellistena fasciolata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1950 by Ermisch.
 Omosoma is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Pseudapocryptes is a genus of gobies native to fresh and brackish waters of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean coasts from India to Tahiti.
 Megarhyssa nortoni (common name western giant ichneumon) is a species of large ichneumon wasp.
 Eucyclotoma albomacula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Crepidogastrinus kochi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Crepidogastrinus.
 Disparctia vittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Ghana Kenya Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda.The larvae feed on Veronia amygdalina Cordia abyssinica Manihot esculentus and Phytolacca dodecandra.
 Brou's Underwing or Atocala Underwing (Catocala atocala) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Louisiana west to Oklahoma and north to southern Illinois.Adults are on wing from July to August. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Juglans cinerea and Juglans nigra.
 Urjungaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Macrauchenidia is an extinct genus of South American litoptern related to Macrauchenia and belonging to the same family Macraucheniidae.
 Agriphila latistria is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe but originates from the area surrounding the Mediterranean Sea.The wingspan is 22–27 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses especially Bromus species.
 Cilix hispanica is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain southern France Italy and North Africa.The wingspan is about 25 millimetres (0.98 in). There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Prunus species.
 Pseudolaguvia tenebricosa is a species of catfish. It is only known from a fast-flowing hill stream called Pathe Chaung near Taungoo in southern Burma.This is a very small catfish (2.9 centimetres (1.1 in) SL) with almost black upperparts and paler underneath. It is similar to Pseudolaguvia tuberculata but differs in having a distinct gap between the dorsal and adipose fins and a narrower head with a shorter snout.
 Lyces andosa is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found on the Pacific slope of north-western Colombia.
 Boophis rhodoscelis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Coleophora delicatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The larvae feed on Caroxylon turkestanicum. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Joanna is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Long-tailed Rosefinch (Uragus sibiricus) is a species of finch of the Fringillidae family in the presently monotypic genus Uragus. Some other rosefinches might eventually be moved there however.It is found in China Japan Kazakhstan North Korea South Korea and Russia.
 Fukomys is a recently described (2006) genus of common mole rats containing several species that were formerly placed in the genus Cryptomys; its species are endemic to Africa.
 Bathybagrus sianenna is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Lake Tanganyika on the border of Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes. It grows to a length of 23.0 cm (9.1 inches) SL and is a component of local subsistence fisheries.
 River dolphins are a nontaxonomic category including five living species and one recently extinct species of dolphin that reside in freshwater rivers and estuaries. They inhabit areas of Asia and South America. All members of the group were formerly classified in the cetacean superfamily Platanistoidea but molecular studies show that river dolphins do not form a clade. Four species live in fresh water rivers as did the recently extinct fifth species the baiji or Chinese river dolphin.
 Ganlea is a fossil primate from central Myanmar formerly known as Burma. Its age is about 38 million years living during the late Eocene epoch. Ganlea belongs to the group of anthropoids (i. e. humans apes and monkeys) and is in the family Amphipithecidae. It is older than any other known anthropoid from Africa and is the second oldest known from Asia.
 Stauroteuthis syrtensis also known as the glowing sucker octopus is a species of small pelagic octopus found at great depths in the north Atlantic Ocean. It is one of a very small number of octopuses to exhibit bioluminescence.
 Trichaeta vigorsi is a species of moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Eupithecia clavifera is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia China Japan Taiwan and Korea.The wingspan is about 15–19 mm. Adults are on wing from March to May in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Cornus controversa.
 Coleophora frivolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Paleoconus is a genus of belemnite from the Mississippian Epoch.
 The Caucasian shrew (Sorex satunini) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Russia and Turkey.
 Callona iridescens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by White in 1853.
 Clidoderma is a genus of righteye flounders containing one extant species and two described fossil species from Japan.
 The Tunisian spur-thighed tortoise (Testudo graeca nabeulensis) or Nabeul tortoise is a subspecies of spur-thighed tortoises. It was originally described as a new species in 1990 and even placed in a distinct genus. The spur-thighed or Greek tortoises are usually collectively referred to as Testudo graeca but this covers a wide variety of subspecies that have very different ecological and morphological characteristics and appear to comprise at least three phylogenetic lineages.
 Tetrathemis corduliformis is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Glyphoglossus molossus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Glyphoglossus.It is found in Cambodia Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Welaka is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coralliophila sertata is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Coralliophilinae the coral snails within the family Muricidae the rock snails.
 Scinax v-signatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypoprepia cadaverosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strecker in 1878. It is found in Colorado. Utah South Carolina South Dakota Arizona New Mexico and Texas.The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are pale ochreous with three slate coloured bands. The hindwings are also ochreous but somewhat paler. The costal margin is slate coloured. Adults are on wing from May to August.
 Myripristinae is a subfamily of the Holocentridae fish.They are typically known as soldierfish.
 Ovachlamys fulgens is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae.Ovachlamys fulgens was originally discovered and described as Macrochlamys fulgens by the British malacologist Gerard Pierre Laurent Kalshoven Gude in 1900.
 Pitar (Hysteroconcha) lupanaria is a species of Venus clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae the Venus clams. This species is found in the Eastern Pacific Ocean. The shell of this species is unusual in that it has a double series of long curved spines on the posterior slope of each valve. A closely related species which occurs in the Western Atlantic is Pitar dione.
 Midshipman fish belong to the genus Porichthys of toadfishes. They are distinguished by having photophores (which they use to attract prey and after which they are named reminding some of a naval uniform's buttons) and four lateral lines. Typical midshipman fishes such as the plainfin midshipman (Porichthys notatus) are nocturnal and bury themselves in sand or mud in the intertidal zone during the day. At night they float just above the seabed.
 Calcatodrillia hololeukos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Hyperacrius is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It contains the following species: True's Vole (Hyperacrius fertilis) Murree Vole (Hyperacrius wynnei)
 Myrmica scabrinodis scabrinodis is a subspecies of ant that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Andorra Bosnia and Herzegovina Canary Islands Croatia Iceland Malta Monaco Madeira Monaco San Marino Slovenia and Vatican City.
 Cyclommatus scutellaris is a beetle of the Family Lucanidae.
 Stalachtis halloweeni is a species of butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in Guyana.
 Heliothis phloxiphaga is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the United States and southern Canada.Adults are on wing during summer.The larvae feed on the flowers and seeds of a wide variety of plants.
 Boa is a genus of non-venomous boas found in Mexico Central and South America. One species is currently recognized. Common names include: boas boa constrictors.The largest extant member of this group B. constrictor
 Calosima carinae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 The Pantellerian shrew (Crocidura cossyrensis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Italy.
 Elattoneura nigra is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Ivory Coast Gambia Ghana Guinea Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Evergestis frumentalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found from the Iberian Peninsula through southern and central Europe and southern Fennoscandia to central Asia and southern Siberia.The wingspan is 29–35 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in April and August.The larvae feed on Descourainia sophia Sisymbrium Sinapis (including Sinapis arvensis) and Isatis (including Isatis tinctoria) species.
 Mordella consobrina is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1875.
 Hoffmannius spinigerus commonly known as the stripe-tailed scorpion or the devil scorpion is very common and widely distributed in Arizona and southwestern New Mexico. This species is one of larger members of the eusthenura group of the genus Hoffmannius which also includes Hoffmannius coahuilae and H. confusus.
 Psyche casta is a nocturnal moth from the family Psychidae the bagworm moths. The wingspan of the males ranges from 12 to 15 millimeter. The females do not have wings. The host plants are from the families: Poaceae Birch Willow Poplar and Vaccinium. The caterpillars make a protective hull from grass.The flight time ranges May to July.
 Mastodonsauridae is a family of capitosauroid temnospondyls. Fossils belonging to this family have been found in North America Greenland Europe Asia and Australia. The family Capitosauridae (also known as Cyclotosauridae and Stenotosauridae) is synonymous with Mastodonsauridae.
 Breviceratops (meaning short horn face) was a ceratopsian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia. The fossils come from the Khulsan locality in the Nemegt Basin Gobi Desert. The specimens were originally described by Maryanska and Osmolska in 1975 and placed in Protoceratops. They were then moved to the a genus Breviceratops by Kurzanov in 1990. Kurzanov also referred a number of fossils from Khermin Tsav the type locality of Bagaceratops to the new genus.
 Mocis proverai is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.In a recent publication Mocis frugalis that is found in Asia and Australia is promoted to a separate species. Both species can be distinguished with microscopic research of the genitalia.The length of the forewings is 18–21 mm.The larvae feed on various grasses like sugarcane and oat.
 Timelaea is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
 Turbonilla erythrosclera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Melanum is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Paradrillia darnleyensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Joculator drivasi is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Eupachydisus is a large coarse-ribbed Pachydiscid ammonite genus from the Upper Cretaceous found in Coniacian to Campanian age strata in Europe Madagascar Japan and British Columbia. The whorl section in Eupachydiscus is inflated and depressed almost round in the later growth stages.
 Turritella lindae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 The Jaeger's Anetia (Anetia jaegeri) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found in the Dominican Republic Haiti and Jamaica.
 Phyllonorycter deschkanus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Spain.The larvae feed on Genista cinerea. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Papilio aristophontes is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is endemic to Comoros.It is listed as a red list species due to the its rarity and the threats to its survival. The eggs are laid on the plant Toddalia asiatica but the caterpillars have been reared on other members of the Rutaceae in captivity.
 Mordellistena leveyi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1989 by Batten.
 Paratrophon patens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Crowned Chat-Tyrant (Ochthoeca frontalis) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.
 Actinostephanus haeckeli is a species of sea anemone in the family Actinodendronidae.
 Pterotrachea coronata is a species of large floating sea snail a pelagic gastropod mollusc in the family Pterotracheidae.This pelagic snail is not at all closely related to the pelagic opistobranchs such as the sea angels and sea butterflies. It is in the family Pterotracheidae which is in the clade Littorinimorpha and as such it is related to such families as the tritons (Ranellidae) and the tun shells (Tonnidae).
 The puffbirds and their relatives in the near passerine family Bucconidae are tropical birds breeding from South America up to Mexico.They are related to the jacamars but lack the iridescent colours of that family. They are mainly brown rufous or grey with large heads and flattened bills with a hooked tip. The loose abundant plumage and short tails makes them look stout and puffy giving rise to the English name of the family.
 Pseudopostega albogaleriella is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is widely distributed through eastern North America from Nova Scotia to central Florida and south-eastern Texas and in the south-western United States through areas of California and Arizona.The length of the forewings varies from 3 to 5.3 mm and occasionally even to 6 mm. Adults are mostly white. Adults are encountered primarily during June and July into early August over the northern part of their range.
 Stomphastis heringi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Ethiopia.The larvae feed on Croton macrostachyus. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Zoianillus acutipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Zoianillus.
 Strobilops sp. nov. 1 is an (as of 2007 unnamed) undescribed species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strobilopsidae.This species is endemic to Nicaragua.
 Platyptilia ignifera is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu Kyushu Tsushima) and India.The length of the forewings is 9–10 mm.The larvae feed on the fruit of Vitis vinifera.
 Latridius is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Latridius amplus Johnson 1977 Latridius assimilis (Mannerheim 1844) Latridius brevicollis (Thomson 1868) Latridius canariensis (Palm 1972) Latridius consimilis (Mannerheim 1844) Latridius crenatus (Le Conte 1855) Latridius desertus (Fall 1899) Latridius gemellatus (Mannerheim 1844) Latridius hirtus Gyllenhal 1827 Latridius minutus (Linnaeus 1767) Latridius mongolicus Rücker 1983 Latridius nigritus (Fall 1899) Latridius peacockae (Sen Gupta 1976) Latridius perminutus Johnson 1977 Latridius reflexus (LeConte 1855) Latridius porcatus (Herbst 1793) Latridius protensicollis Mannerheim 1843↑
 The Purple Sandpiper (Calidris maritima) is a small shorebird.
 Gavialoidea is one of three superfamilies of crocodylians the other two being Alligatoroidea and Crocodyloidea. Although many extinct species are known only the gharial Gavialis gangeticus and the false gharial Tomistoma schlegelii are alive today.
 The Long-winged Dagger Moth (Acronicta longa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across southern Canada from Nova Scotia west to eastern Alberta south to Florida and Texas and in the Rocky Mountains.The wingspan is 32–44 mm.The larvae feed on birch blackberry oak and willow.
 Lampronia redimitella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia the Baltic region Poland the Czech Republic and Germany.The wingspan is 9-11.5 mm. The forewings are brown with a purple and yellowish sheen and two pale yellow transverse bands. Adults are on wing in May and June.The larvae feed on the buds of Ribes spicatum and Ribes alpinum.
 The Plain snake-eel (Ophichthus unicolor) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Charles Tate Regan in 1908.
 Chaunus gnustae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that is endemic to Argentina. Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The mud sunfish (Acantharchus pomotis) is a sunfish (family Centrarchidae) widely distributed in the fresh waters along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from New York to Florida. The mud sunfish prefers sluggish weedy waters of 10–22 °C (50–72 °F) over muddy detritus-strewn bottoms and occurs in small lakes as well as riverine backwaters. The maximum recorded size of this species is 21 cm (8 in).A.
 Meroptera mirandella is a species of snout moths in the genus Meroptera. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in southern North America from Iowa to Arizona and southern California including New Mexico Oklahoma and Texas.
 Sarginae is a subfamily of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 The Rusty-vented Canastero (Asthenes dorbignyi) also known as the Creamy-breasted Canastero is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in South America.
 Cyprinus ilishaestomus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus.
 Dilophiocara is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Copiula oxyrhina is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rural gardens urban areas and heavily degraded former forest.
 Amblyraja taaf or the Whiteleg Skate is a little-known skate found at depths ranging from 150 to 600 meters. The Whiteleg Skate has been located off Crozet and Kerguelen Islands. Other specimens have been found off the coast of South Africa and Madagascar but may be unrepresentative of the skate's native regions. Because of the limited knowledge of its biology and extent of capture in fisheries this species is presently assessed as Data Deficient.
 Blunt’s Flat-body or Purple Carrot-seed Moth (Depressaria depressana) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the Near East North Africa the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone and since 2009 in North America. In the former USSR it is distributed in the entire European part except for the Far North.
 Dilemma is a genus of marine bivalves of the family Poromyidae. The genus is remarkable for encompassing predators of isopods and ostracods unusual for sessile molluscs.
 Ramaperta perarmata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Chorrera postica is a species of snout moth in the genus Chorrera. It was described by Zeller in 1881 and is found in Colombia.
 Compsaraia is a genus of ghost knifefishes found in tropical South America. There are currently two described species in this genus.
 Coleophora karakurti is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Spilarctia gianellii is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Oberthür in 1911. It is found in China (Sichuan Yunnan Tibet).
 The tentacled snake (Erpeton tentaculatum) is a rear-fanged aquatic snake native to South-East Asia. It is the only species of its genus Erpeton and the two tentacles on its snout are a unique feature among snakes. The method it uses to catch fish has recently been a subject of research.
 Aporus unicolor is a highly specialised spider hunting wasp from the family Pompilidae.
 Acrolophus cleptica is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Laurentia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888.
 Canis nehringi is an extinct species of canid. Canis gezi a poorly known small wolf from the Ensenadan of South America appears to have given rise to Canis nehringi a Lujanian species from Argentina. Betra’s (1988) analysis places Canis dirus and Canis nehringi as sister taxa and as the most derived members of the genus Canis in the New World.
 Plectrohyla charadricola is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Araucariana queenslandica is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Araucariana.
 Caecum textile is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Stigmella ficivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Gustafsson in 1985. It is endemic to Gambia where it is found only in one city called Bakau.The larvae feed on Ficus parasitica species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Digama pandaenis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Zaire.
 Carcinopodia furcifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Malawi.
 The common butterfly lizard (Leiolepis belliana) or simply butterfly lizard is a widespread species native to Asia.
 Ceratosauridae is a family of theropod dinosaurs belonging to the infraorder Ceratosauria. Its type genus Ceratosaurus was first found in Jurassic rocks from North America. Ceratosauridae is made up of Ceratosaurus found in North America Tanzania and Portugal and Genyodectes from the Late Cretaceous of Argentina.
 Sociala is an extinct genus of cockroach which existed in what is now France during the early Cretaceous period (Albian age). It was named by Peter Vršanský in 2010 and the type species is Sociala perlucida.
 Ancillista ngampitchae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Loxoncus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Loxoncus agilis (Peringuey 1896) Loxoncus alacer (Dejean 1831) Loxoncus ampandrandavae (Basilewsky 1977) Loxoncus angustatus (Chaudoir 1878) Loxoncus arrowi (Jedlicka 1935) Loxoncus basilewskyi (Lecordier 1978) Loxoncus circumcinctus (Motschulsky 1858) Loxoncus coliensis A.Serrano 1999 Loxoncus discophorus (Chaudoir 1852) Loxoncus elevatus Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Loxoncus gynuis Kataev 2002 Loxoncus hiekei Kataev 2002 Loxoncus horni (Schauberger 1938) Loxoncus incisus (Andrewes 1926) Loxoncus latus (Laferte-Senectere 1853) Loxoncus madagascariensis (Alluaud 1917) Loxoncus malaisei Kataev 2002 Loxoncus marginatus (W.J.Macleay 1888) Loxoncus microgonus (Bates 1886) Loxoncus mocquerysi (Alluaud 1917) Loxoncus nagpurensis (Bates 1891) Loxoncus planicollis (Bates 1892) Loxoncus politus (Schauberger 1937) Loxoncus procerus (Schaum 1858) Loxoncus renitens (Bates 1886) Loxoncus rutilans (Bates 1889) Loxoncus schmidti Kataev 2002 Loxoncus seyrigi (Alluaud 1936) Loxoncus sicardi (Jeannel 1948) Loxoncus subagilis (Basilewsky 1968) Loxoncus velox (Dejean 1829) ↑
 The Quince Borer Sad Goat or Apple-trunk Borer (Coryphodema tristis) is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is about 38 mm.The larvae bore into the trunk of a wide range of plant including species from the Combretaceae Malvaceae Myoporaceae Rosaceae ScorphulariaceaeUlmaceae and Vitaceae. Some important hosts include Buddleja madagascariensis Combretum Malus and quince species. It has also been found feeding on Eucalyptus nitens.
 Manoba subfuscataria is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Inoue in 1998. It is found in Nepal and Thailand.
 Aulonocara kandeense is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Hemiphaga is the genus containing two large species of pigeons from New Zealand. The two are traditionally considered conspecific but in 2001 it was proposed that H. chathamensis should be considered a separate species instead of a subspecies of H. novaeseelandiae. It is here listed as a species although few authorities outside New Zealand have followed this.
 Enneanectes smithi is a species of triplefin blenny. It was described by Lubbock and Edwards in 1981.
 Commotria leucosparsalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Commotria. It was described by Janse in 1922. It is found in South Africa.
 The Tropical Parula (Setophaga pitiayumi) is a small New World warbler. It breeds from southernmost Texas and northwest Mexico (Sonora) south through Central America to northern Argentina including Trinidad and Tobago. This widespread and common species is not considered threatened by the IUCN.This passerine is not migratory but northern birds may make local movements.
 Bosara refusaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo Bali and the Philippines. The habitat consists of lowland dipterocarp forests and secondary forests.
 Glipidiomorpha rhodesiensis is a species of beetle in the Glipidiomorpha genus of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Fransicolo.
 Conus guinaicus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk. It is part of the genus Conus more popularly known as cone snails cone shells or cones.
 The Southern Giant Slender-tailed Cloud Rat or Southern Luzon Giant Cloud Rat (Phloeomys cumingi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.The length of the head and body ranges from 44 to 48 cm. Tail lengths have been reported from 32 to 35 cm.
 Pisidium pseudosphaerium is a species of freshwater bivalve from family Sphaeriidae.
 Hystricella bicarinata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. Two subspecies are recognised one extant and one known only as a fossil.This species is endemic to Madeiraon the island of Porto Santo in Portugal. They are terrestrial and are found under rocks in grasslands. They have a very limited range confined to about ten square kilometers but are abundant within that area.
 Anthidium colliguayanum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Pseudopostega spatulata is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is known only from the La Selva Biological Station a lowland rainforest area in north-eastern Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 2-2.4 mm. Adults are mostly white. Adults have been collected in February and September.
 Cryphia paulina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern Arabia Israel Jordan and the Sinai in Egypt.Adults are on wing from April to May. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae probably feed on lichen.
 Gymnoscelis bryoscopa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The Bunchgrass Leaf-eared Mouse (Phyllotis osilae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.
 Furcinetechma sangaycola is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is 17.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish suffused with cream basally and terminally where blackish brown dots are present. The markings are blackish brown with some paler parts. The hindwings are whitish but cream at the apex.
 Eulima triggi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Schinia erosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the desert areas east of the Peninsular Range of southern California. It has also been recorded from south central Arizona.Adults are on wing from late summer to early November.The larvae feed on Isocoma acredenia.
 Emmalocera fuscostrigatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in India.
 Lyctus is a genus of beetles with a worldwide distribution being present on all continents except Antarctica.
 Nebria elbursiaca is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Iran.
 Onustus is a genus of large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Oenomaus andi is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It occurs in montane forest (at altitudes above 1300 meters) from Ecuador to Bolivia.The length of the forewings is 16.3 mm for males and 16.7 mm for females. Adult males and females are attracted to traps baited with rotting fish.
 Bulbus fragilis is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Manduca wellingi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico to Belize.It is similar to Manduca pellenia but is smaller.
 Phronimidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans containing two genera:Phronima Latreille 1802Phronimella Claus 1862↑
 Palthis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dioptis cyma is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Peru Brazil and French Guiana.
 White Skies (1949–1955) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. An October 19 1987 article in Sports Illustrated referred to White Skies as a bullet horse in the same vein as racing greats such as Tom Fool Decathlon Ta Wee Dr. Fager and Forego.
 Chrysoclista lathamella is a species of moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in northern Europe (it is not present on the Iberian Peninsula Balkan Peninsula and Italy).The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed feed on Salix species probably including Salix alba Salix fragilis and Salix caprea. They mine the bark of their host plant.
 Overbeckia is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae containing the single species Overbeckia subclavata.
 The brown anole (Anolis sagrei) also known as the Bahaman anole or De la Sagra's Anole is a lizard native to Cuba and the Bahamas. It has been widely introduced elsewhere by being sold as a pet lizard and is now found in Florida and as far north as southern Georgia Texas Taiwan Hawaii Southern California and other Caribbean islands.This species is highly invasive.
 Elachista cerebrosella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Heliconius heurippa is a butterfly of the genus Heliconius that is believed by some scientists to be a separate species from—but a hybrid of—the species Heliconius cydno and Heliconius melpomene making H. heurippa an example of hybrid speciation.
 Thyenillus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The single described species Thyenillus fernandensis is endemic to Bioko.
 Mantidactylus granulatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
 Barbus tanapelagius is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus. It is endemic to Ethiopia.
 Cyphosticha acrolitha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 Calliostoma regale is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Maurea).
 Phyllocnistis humiliella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. The hostplant for the species is Cinnamomum iners.
 Nola tornalis is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Ghana.
 Bunomys is a genus of rodent from Sulawesi and Butung Island.
 Ypsolopha sculpturella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Croatia Bulgaria Ukraine Greece Crete Turkey and Israel.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ephedra distachya.
 Poropuntius birtwistlei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Poropuntius.
 Ophiogomphus incurvatus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is intermittent rivers.
 Alvania syngenes is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Joculator perlucidus is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Pipiza lugubris is a species of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Agdistis halodelta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Iberian Peninsula North Africa and Israel.
 Cetonurus is a genus of rattails.
 Mexaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Mexaphaenops elegans Barr 1967 Mexaphaenops febriculosus Barr 1982 Mexaphaenops fiski Barr 1967 Mexaphaenops intermedius Barr 1971 Mexaphaenops jamesoni Barr 1982 Mexaphaenops mackenziei Barr 1982 Mexaphaenops prietoi Bolivar & Pieltain 1942 Mexaphaenops sulcifrons Barr 1982↑
 Lacuna reflexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The flatback sea turtle (Natator depressus) is a sea turtle endemic to the continental shelf of Australia. The flatback turtle belongs to the sea turtle superfamily Cheloniidae and is the only species found in the genus Natator. Its common name comes from its flattened carapace compared to other species of sea turtle.Adult flatback turtles have a low-domed carapace with upturned edges which is approximately 90-95cm long.
 Captain Bodgit (foaled in 1994) is a millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse who is a multiple stakes winner including the Grade 1 Florida Derby and Grade 2 Wood Memorial. He is best known for his flying closing finishes in the first two legs of the U.S. Triple Crown races in 1997. Out of the mare Answering Echo he was sired by Saint Ballado.
 Paralepetopsis lepichoni is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neolepetopsidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Archiphlebia is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Dussumieria the rainbow sardines is a genus of fishes in the round herring family Dussumieriidae.
 Gobius senegambiensis is a species of goby native to the Atlantic Ocean from Morocco to Angola as well as the islands in the Gulf of Guinea where it is found in inshore waters on sandy substrates. This species can reach a length of 7.3 centimetres (2.9 in) SL.
 Ceramida longitarsis is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Portugal.
 Vexillum smithi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Redectis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Amerila abdominalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Eatoniella caliginosa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae the eatoniellids.
 Schizopygopsis anteroventris is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizopygopsis.
 Grammia ursina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schmidt in 2009. It is found on the Channel Islands off the coast of southern California and in mainland south-western California from Kern County south to San Diego County. It is probably also present in Baja California.The length of the forewings is 15.3 mm for males and 16.7 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown with buff to yellowish-buff bands.
 Leucanopsis sablona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Brazil.
 Foxhall (1878–1904) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was trained in Britain during a racing career that lasted from 1880 until June 1882 during which he ran eleven times and won seven races. As a three-year-old in 1881 he proved himself to be the outstanding colt of the season in Europe winning the Grand Prix de Paris and becoming the second of only three horses to complete the Autumn Double of the Cesarewitch and the Cambridgeshire.
 Scotura longigutta is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Theorica is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Baccharis Borer (Hellinsia balanotes) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family which is native to the United States Guatemala and northern Mexico including Arizona Texas Florida Mississippi South Carolina and Maryland but has been introduced to Australia for the control of Baccharis halimifolia.The wingspan is 31–42 millimetres (1.2–1.7 in).
 Coleophora vernoniaeella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Kentucky and Missouri.The larvae feed on the leaves of Vernonia and Helianthus species. They create an annulate case.
 Mordellistena zuuncharaensis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 Elachista listrionea is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in New South Wales.The wingspan is about 7 mm for males. The forewings are pale ochreous and the hindwings are pale grey.
 Conus pulcher is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous.
 Proactenis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Purple-barred Yellow (Lythria purpuraria) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from western Europe to Siberia Russia Ukraine Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.Adults are on wing from April to June and again from July to September. It is a day-flying species. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Polygonum aviculare.
 Cosmeombra are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Cosmeombra doxochares which is found in South Africa.
 The greater big-footed mouse or long-tailed big-footed mouse (Macrotarsomys ingens) is a nocturnal rodent found only in north west Madagascar. It was first described by F. Petter in 1959. It is listed as an endangered species as a result of habitat loss.
 Ptychohyla salvadorensis (common name: Salvador stream frog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in El Salvador Guatemala and Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers pastureland and heavily degraded former forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Codakia costata or the costate lucine is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies.
 Xenosoma nigromarginatum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Barnea similis a rock borer or piddock is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pholadidae.
 Uranothauma confusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (the Livingstone Mountains) and Malawi (the mountains in the south of the country except Mount Mlanje).
 Clavatula subspirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Fawn-breasted Bowerbird (Chlamydera cerviniventris) is a medium-sized up to 32 cm (13 in) long bowerbird with a greyish brown spotted white plumage a black bill dark brown iris yellow mouth and an orange buff below. Both sexes are similar. The female is slightly smaller than the male.The Fawn-breasted Bowerbird is distributed in New Guinea and northern Australia where it inhabits the tropical forests mangroves savanna woodlands and forest edges.
 The threadfin cichlid (Petrochromis trewavasae) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with rocky substrates on which it can graze on algae. This species can reach a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Iambrix is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Holcocera aclydis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Glyphipterix lycnophora is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 The Yellowish Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha marcidilinea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to Missouri south to Florida and Arkansas.The wingspan is about 28 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July.Larvae probably feed on dead leaves including cottonwood leaves.
 Aglossosia consimilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Malawi and Mozambique.
 Cautor is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Triphoridae.
 Coleophora darigangae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Achaea nigristriata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Tanzania.This species has a wingspan from 55mm and a length of the forewings of 25mm.
 Pearson's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys pearsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. It is endemic to Uruguay where it is found at elevations below 200 m. This tuco-tuco constructs burrows with multiple openings (an average of 13) containing one to two nests of dried grass; it prefers areas of sandy soil but is somewhat adaptable. It is threatened by loss of habitat to development agriculture and ranching.
 Rhagastis albomarginatus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Himalaya China Taiwan Burma Sumatra Java and Borneo.The forewing upperside has the first and third postmedian lines reduced to a series of prominent vein dots the second postmedian line is very weak or absent There is an inconspicuous and diffuse pale patch and a similar but less marked pale area. The pale band is reduced to an ill-defined patch near the anal angle.
 Omox is a small genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Pacific Ocean.
 Turbonilla russell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The south Sierra Nevada springsnail scientific name Pyrgulopsis giuliani is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.This species is endemic to the Sierra Nevada in the United States. This species is threatened by habitat loss.
 Theodoxus meridionalis is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum. It is an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.
 Lambula errata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1927. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of various lowland forest types.
 Anemia is a genus of darkling beetle in the Opatrini tribe. Among the species within this genus are: A. asperula A. brevicollis (Wollaston 1864) A. californica A. capensis A. chobauti A. dentipes (Ballion 1878) A. granulata A. gruveli A. kaszabi A. mystacina A. pilosa Tournier 1868 A. sardoa (Géné 1839) A. schultzei A. spinanemia A. submetallica (Raffray 1873) A. villiersi
 Oncis granulosa is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Evagetes crassicornis is a kleptoparasitic spider wasp with a holarctic distribution.
 Adenomera lutzi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Guyana.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Mordella adnexa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1970.
 Anthidium nursei is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Gonospira striaticostus a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Mauritius.
 Microhodotermes is a genus of southern African harvester termites in the Hodotermitidae. As with harvester termites in general they have serrated inner edges to their mandibles and all castes have functional compound eyes. Species of this genus are desert specialists of the Namib Kalahari and Karoo where their ranges overlap with Hodotermes.They forage at night and during daylight hours and their pigmented workers are often observed outside the nest. The workers of M.
 Odostomia avellana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Craugastor pechorum is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Western blacknose dace (Rhinichthys obtusus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rhinichthys.
 Phrealcia is a genus of moth of the Ypsolophidae family.
 Hypselodoris bollandi is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Ormetica ochreomarginata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1918. It is found in French Guiana.
 Xenophora common name the carrier shells is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Xenophoridae the carrier snails or carrier shells. The genus Xenophora is the type genus of the family Xenophoridae. Xenophora is also the name of the quarterly magazine of the French Conchologist Association.
 Asura inconspicua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Nilgiris).
 The Tar River spiny mussel or Tar River spinymussel scientific name Elliptio steinstansana is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. This species is endemic to North Carolina in the United States. It is now limited to less than 5% of its probable historical range and it is expected to become extinct without significant human intervention such as reintroduction. This is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
 Eublemma apicata is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Tanzania Malawi Zimbabwe and South Africa .
 Pycnopygius is a genus of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It contains the following species: Marbled Honeyeater (Pycnopygius cinereus) Plain Honeyeater (Pycnopygius ixoides) Streak-headed Honeyeater (Pycnopygius stictocephalus)
 Otothyrinae is a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae. Alternatively it is treated as a tribe in Hypoptopomatinae.
 Tsirananaclia milloti is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Bostrychoplites is a genus of beetle native to the Afro-tropical region. Its presence in Europe is doubtful.
 Coreura phoenicides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Guatemala and Costa Rica.
 The Slender Brindle (Apamea scolopacina) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found across Eurasia from central Europe to the Kuril Islands to Japan.The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The adult is on wing from July to August depending on the location. It lives in woodlands.The larvae feed on grasses of genera such as Milium Deschampsia and Briza sedges such as Scirpus and rushes of genus Luzula.
 Dasysyrphus pinastri is a European species of hoverfly.
 Cosmosoma ignidorsia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Minas Geraes).
 Closteromorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Blanford's Lark or Blanford's Short-toed Lark (Calandrella blanfordi) is a small passerine bird of the lark family Alaudidae. It occurs in north-east Africa and Arabia. Its common name commemorates the English zoologist William Thomas Blanford. It was formerly included in either the Greater Short-toed Lark (C. brachydactyla) or the Red-capped Lark (C. cinerea) but is now commonly treated as a separate species. Erlanger's Lark (C.
 Carditidae is a family of marine bivalve clams of the order Carditoida which was long included in the Veneroida. They are the type taxon of the superfamily Carditoidea. Delimitation of this family versus the closely related Condylocardiidae is somewhat problematic.
 Eupithecia fuliginata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Rwenzori Mountains.
 The warty frogfish otherwise known as the clown frogfish or Antennarius maculatus is a marine fish belonging to the family Antennariidae.
 Aciagrion steeleae is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Malawi Zambia and possibly Tanzania. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Erioptereta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gynnidomorpha pista is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Anhui Beijing Fujian Guangxi Guizhou Hainan Hongkong Liaoning Tianjin).The wingspan is 10−14 mm.
 Dolichocephala is a genus of flies belonging to the family Empididae.
 Turbonilla galianoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This species was named for Dionisio Alcalá Galiano the Spanish explorer of California
 Myotis escalerai is a European bat in the genus Myotis found in Spain (including the Balearic Islands) Portugal and far southern France. Although the species was first named in 1904 it was included in Natterer's bat (Myotis nattereri) until molecular studies first published in 2006 proved that the two are distinct. Myotis escalerai is most closely related to an unnamed species from Morocco. Unlike Myotis nattereri which lives in small groups in tree holes M.
 The Bornean yellow muntjac (Muntiacus atherodes) is restricted to the moist forests of Borneo where it lives alongside the common muntjac. It is similar to its much more common cousin and was only recently recognised as a separate species. Apart from the color difference its antlers which are just 7 cm (2.8 in) in length are smaller than those of the common muntjac. It has not been extensively studied and has been described a relict species.
 Coturnicops is a genus of bird in the rail family. It contains the following species: Swinhoe's Rail Coturnicops exquisitus Yellow Rail Coturnicops noveboracensis Speckled Crake Coturnicops notatus↑
 Neidalia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Winter's Tale (1976–2002) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 The Lake Rudolf lampeye (Aplocheilichthys rudolfianus) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Yakuhananomia yakui is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the genus Yakuhananomia. It was described in 1930.
 Agathotoma candidissima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Losaria coon or Atrophaneura coon the Common Clubtail is a butterfly belonging to the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family. The butterfly belongs to the Clubtail genus Losaria. It includes several subspecies and is found from the Nicobar Islands and Assam in India east to Hainan in China and south through Indochina to Java and other islands of Indonesia.
 Oscarella carmela commonly known as the slime sponge is a species of sponge in the order Homosclerophorida that was first described in 2004 by G. Muricy and J.S. Pearse. It is believed to be native to intertidal waters in the north east temperate Pacific Ocean and was first found in seawater aquaria in that region. It is used as a model organism in evolutionary biology.
 The Black-capped Hemispingus (Hemispingus atropileus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in the Andes of Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The Peruvian form is sometimes treated as a separate species White-browed Hemispingus (H. auricularis).
 Phyllocnistis minimella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. The hostplant for the species is Protium javanicum.
 Fallceon is a genus of mayflies in the family Baetidae.
 Gymnothorax hansi is an eel in the family Muraenidae (moray eels). It was described by Phillip C. Heemstra in 2004. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from reefs around Grand Comoro Island in the Indian Ocean. It is known to dwell at a maximum depth of 143 metres.
 Coleophora agathella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on the leaves of Acanthophyllus species.
 Porcellio pulverulentus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Spain.
 Simimyidae is a family of extinct rodents from North America.
 Dirioxa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Orothalassodes falsaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in north-eastern India Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo Java and Bali. Records from Taiwan are misidentifications of Orothalassodes pervulgatus.
 The green-eyed tree frog Litoria genimaculata (also known as New Guinea tree frog or Jenny Mac frog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
 Hyposmocoma thermoxyla is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Koolau Mountains near Honolulu.
 Ectopsocus axillaris is a species of Psocoptera from Ectopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. The species are brownish-black coloured and is similar to Bertkauia lucifuga.
 The Humboldt cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarki spp.) is a species of fish in the Salmonidae family is one of 14 subspecies of cutthroat trout and is found only in the upper Humboldt River of northern Nevada.
 Turbonilla striatula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Bryobia is a genus of mites in the spider mite family Tetranychidae. The taxonomy of the genus is difficult. The genus has been revised several times. It is difficult to distinguish these tiny species from each other on the basis of morphological characters and there is little agreement on which characteristics are of importance. Also species can be variable in morphology. Over 130 species have been described but many of the names are likely synonyms.
 Utetheisa amosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1903. It is found on the southern Moluccas.
 Cerynea ignealis is a species of moth in the Erebidae family. It is found in Kenya Madagascar South Africa and in São Tomé & Principe
 Epermenia farreni the Scarce Lance-wing is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is found in Great Britain Sweden Slovakia northern Russia Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.The wingspan is 9–10 mm.The larvae feed within the seed capsules of Peucedanum montanum.
 Terenodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Southern Armyworm (Spodoptera eridania) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America (the southern US states as far west as Kansas and New Mexico) through the Caribbean and Central America into South America (through Brazil to Argentina).The wingspan is 33–38 mm. Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on various weeds but prefers Amaranthus species and Phytolacca americana.
 Leucosyrinx macrobertsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Rhinolithodes wosnessenskii also called the rhinoceros crab or golf-ball crab is a species of king crab the only species in the genus Rhinolithodes. The species is named after Ilya Gabrilovic Voznesenski. It is found at depths of 6–73 metres (20–240 ft) in the north-east Pacific Ocean from Kodiak Alaska to Crescent City California.R. wosnessenskii grows to 7 centimetres (2.8 in) across the carapace which is triangular and has a deep semicircular depression.
 Polytela cliens is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found through North Africa and the Sahara to Israel Jordan the Arabian Peninsula and to southern Iran.Adults are on wing from February to March. There is one generation per year. Part of the pupae diapause up to several years.Recorded food plants include Dipcadi serotinum and Pancratium tortuosum.
 Branchinecta paludosa is a species of fairy shrimp with a Holarctic distribution.
 Sepia erostrata is a species of cuttlefish native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean specifically off western mainland Japan from Sagami Bay to the Kii Peninsula. It inhabits subtidal inshore habitats.S. erostrata grows to a mantle length of 90 mm.The type specimen was collected off Manazuru Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. It is deposited at the University Museum of the University of Tokyo.
 Copelatus trilobatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1895.
 The Silver eel (Ariosoma mellissii also known as the Melliss's Conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Albert Günther in 1870. It is a rare tropical marine eel which is known solely from St. Helena in the southeastern Atlantic Ocean. It is known to dwell at a maximum depth of 67 centimetres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 42.8 centimetres.
 Chionaspis is a genus of scale insect. In 2011 geographical sampling and analysis indicated a number of unnamed species in the genus Chionaspis.
 Paratelmatobius lutzii is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Kutubu hardyhead (Craterocephalus lacustris) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family. It is endemic to Lake Kutubu in the Kikori River system Papua New Guinea.
 Potamocypris unicaudata is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae subfamily Cypridopsinae. It is abundantly found in ditches and ponds near the sea shore where freshwater slightly mingles with sea water. It is knwon from both Europe and North America.
 Lutodrilus multivesiculatus is a species of invertebrate in the Lutodrilidae family.
 Jordanita subsolana is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found from southern Spain though the southern part of central Europe Italy the Balkan Peninsula and Greece to southern Russia and Ukraine Turkey and Transcaucasia up to the Altai.The length of the forewings is 12–16 mm for males and 9-12.5 mm for females.
 Argyrarcha margarita is a moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found in Madagascar.
 Coxing's White-Bellied Rat (Niviventer coninga) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Taiwan.
 The Egyptian free-tailed bat (Tadarida aegyptiaca) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is distributed through most of Africa Egypt Saudi Arabia Yemen and Oman to Pakistan India and Sri Lanka. In India this species has been recorded from Rajasthan Gujarat Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu and West Bengal (Simmons 2005; Pradhan & Mahabal 2001; Karad & Yardi 2004; Bates & Harrison 1997; Srinivasulu et al. in press).
 Coniesta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Zythos avellanea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the north-eastern part of the Himalaya to Taiwan Sumatra and Borneo.
 Succinea guamensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae the amber snails.
 Batus barbicornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1764.
 Nephelemorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lichenaula lichenea is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Queensland.Adults are on wing in March and April.
 The roundtail chub Gila robusta is a cyprinid fish in the Gila genus of southwestern North America. It is native to the Colorado River drainage basin including the Gila River and other tributaries and in several other rivers. It is part of the “robusta complex” which includes the Gila robusta robusta G.r. grahami and G.r. seminuda.
 Splendrillia debilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Tetheopsis is an extinct genus of Uintatheriidae.
 Thymallus yaluensis is a putative species of freshwater fish in the salmon family Salmonidae. It was described from Korea but reported from widely separate regions: Korea Siberia the Alps in Europe and the northern Mississippi River drainage in North America.T. yaluensis is a small fish the maximum recorded length is 20 cm (8 in).There is some confusion about the identity of T. yaluensis. It is very similar in form to the Arctic grayling T. arcticus.
 Perissodus is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika.
 Athis superba is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Peru and French Guiana.
 Homaloxestis baibaraensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 15.5 mm. The forewings are light brown speckled with brown scales throughout. The discal spot is absent.
 Sadleriana is a genus of small freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The blackfin cisco (Coregonus nigripinnis) is a North American salmonid fish in the freshwater whitefish sub-family Coregoninae. This silvery deep-bodied fish with black fins large eyes a blunt snout and a terminal mouth is one of the largest forms of ciscoes. The blackfin cisco used to inhabit the Great Lakes of North America until recently but has been reported to have gone extinct.
 Copadichromis azureus is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Cimicidae is a family of small parasitic insects that feed exclusively on the blood of warm-blooded animals. They are called cimicids or loosely bedbugs (or bed bugs or bed-bugs) though the latter term properly refers to the most famous species of the family Cimex lectularius the common bedbug.
 Calliprora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Arionidae common name the roundback slugs or round back slugs are a taxonomic family of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea.
 The Ring-necked Francolin (Scleroptila streptophorus) is a bird species in the family Phasianidae. It is found in Burundi Cameroon Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda. Rarer than previously believed it is uplisted from a species of Least Concern to Near Threatened status in the 2007 IUCN Red List.
 Cougar II (1966–1989) was a Chilean Thoroughbred racehorse who also competed in the United States where he was inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. He was sired by Tale of Two Cities a son of Tehran winner of the 1944 St. Leger Stakes and the Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland.He raced in the late 1960s in Chile and was brought to the United States in 1970 where he was conditioned by future Hall of Fame inductee Charlie Whittingham.
 Coleoxestia anthracina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Northern Meal Moth (Pyralis lienigialis) is a species of snout moths. It is found in France Portugal Spain Italy Great Britain Fennoscandia Estonia Latvia Russia Ukraine Moldavia and Romania.The wingspan is 22–26 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.The larvae are thought to feed on stored cereals such as barley and hay.
 Sypharochiton torri is a species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
 Anopinella peruvensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The length of the forewings is 9.1-10 mm.
 The spotted lampeye (Lacustricola maculatus) is a species of poeciliid native to Kenya and the drainage of the Ruvu River in Tanzania. This species grows to a length of 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) TL. Its natural habitats are intermittent rivers and swamps. This species is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Somatina irregularis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 The Eastern Harvest Mouse (Reithrodontomys humulis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in the United States.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps and pastureland.
 Paradromius is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) the Near East and North Africa.
 Hapsiferona are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Tompion (1957-?) was an American Thoroughbred race horse owned by Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Immaculately bred Tompion was the son of the Hall of Fame horse Tom Fool. His damsire was Count Fleet the 1943 U.S. Triple Crown champion.Trained by Robert L. Wheeler as a two-year-old Tompion won the Hopeful Stakes and placed in the Champagne Stakes the Hollywood Juvenile Championship Stakes the Saratoga Special Stakes and the Sanford Stakes.
 Anillomyrma is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Saccocera miangkabau is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2013. It is found on Sumatra.
 Tolna limula is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Somatina prouti is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Appias sylvia the Woodland Albatross White or Common Albatross is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Equatorial Guinea (Bioko) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Ethiopia Angola Namibia Zambia Kenya Uganda Tanzania and Malawi.
 Lepista aposema is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2010. It is found in Mozambique South Africa Swaziland and Zimbabwe.
 Conotrachelus is a true weevil genus in the family Curculionidae.
 Carabus scabrosus tauricus is a subspecies of the beetle Carabus scabrosus endemic to Crimea.Body length up to 52 mm. Colour variable from the blue passing into violet to green or almost black. The downside is black with a metallic sheen. Elytra and pronotum wrinkled granular structure. Crimean beetle forms several forms differing mainly painting.active at different times of day. Quickly run. Predator feeding on terrestrial molluscs - mainly land snail.
 Odostomia glaphyra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Caryocolum is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Canobius is an extinct genus of early ray-finned fish that lived in the Carboniferous period of Europe.Canobius was a small fish 7 centimetres (3 in) in length. Compared with its earlier relatives it had specialized jaw bones and hyomandibulars which attached the upper jaw to the brain case meaning that the jaws were hung vertically under the brain case. This allowed Canobius to open its jaws wider and expand its gill slits further at the same time.
 Anthidium porterae is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Myrmecia fucosa is a species of ant belonging to the Myrmecia genus. The first specimen of Myrmecia fucosa was described in 1934.Myrmecia fucosa is mainly abundant in Victoria and notably around Lake Hattah at the Hattah-Kulkyne National Park which is not too far from Mildura.
 Lethrinops micrentodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species grows to a length of 11.5 centimetres (4.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Bullish Luck (Chinese: 牛精福星) (foaled 1999) is a Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred in Kentucky he is the son of the 1990 Breeders' Cup Mile winner Royal Academy and out of the Alysheba mare Wild Vintage. He was sold by his breeders at the Tattersalls October Yearling Sale to Gordon Smyth who named him Al Moughazel and sent him to Newmarket for training under Pip Payne.Sold to Wong Wing-keung of Hong Kong his name was changed to Bullish Luck.
 The Stately Nawab (Polyura dolon) or Stately Rajah (because it was formerly placed in Charaxes) is a butterfly found in India belonging to the Rajahs and Nawabs group that is the Charaxinae group of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Orthogonius drescheri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Liebke in 1937.
 Savignia naniplopi is a species of spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae. It is only known from two adjacent caves Arkalospiliara and Doxa in Heraklion regional unit on the island of Crete Greece.This is a very small spider with a total length (excluding legs) of only around 1.6 mm. All parts are a plain orange colour.
 Prototheora parachlora is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in South Africa where it is only known from the Karkloof forest region of KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The only known adult was collected in late January.
 Evergestis dumerlei is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain and North Africa including Morocco.The wingspan is 19–26 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of August to the beginning of October.
 Ancillista cingulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Melanochromis xanthodigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi near Masinje where it prefers living in caves and crevices. This species can grow to a length of 8.3 centimetres (3.3 in) SL.
 Puntius burmanicus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is endemic to Burma.
 Actias truncatipennis is a moth of the Family Saturniidae.
 Ceromitia trilobata is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Stictane fractilinea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1880. It is found on Sumatra and possibly in India (Sikkim) Sri Lanka and on Java.
 Besanosaurus (meaning Besano [Lombardy N. Italy] lizard) is a genus of large ichthyosaur (a marine reptile not a dinosaur) that lived during the middle Triassic period approximately 235 million years ago. This marine reptile came from the family Shastasauridae and was named by Dal Sasso and Pinna in 1996. The type of species is Besanosaurus leptorhynchus meaning long-beaked reptile from Besano.
 Omalisus fontisbellaquaei is a species of beetle belonging to the family Omalisidae.These beetles are mainly present in Austria Belgium Bulgaria France Germany Italy Switzerland and in the Near East.The adults grow up to 5–7 millimetres (0.20–0.28 in) long and can mostly be encountered in late Spring usually in damp meadows. Their body is black while elytra are reddish with a longitudinal dark stripe. The larvae live at the expense of the snails.
 Litoria ollauro is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The common triplefin Forsterygion lapillum is a fish of the genus Forsterygion found around the coast of New Zealand down to depths of about 15 m. Its length is between 4 to 8 cm.
 Batyle is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Batyle ignicollis (Say 1824) Batyle knowltoni Knull 1968 Batyle laevicollis Bates 1892 Batyle rufiventris Knull 1928 Batyle suturalis (Say 1824)↑
 Acrocercops albofasciella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Kyūshū Honshū).The wingspan is about 7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Ficus species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Anolacia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Olividae.
 The mountain noctule (Nyctalus montanus) is a species of bat found in Afghanistan India Pakistan and Nepal.
 The Black-headed Greenfinch (Carduelis ambigua) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in China Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Orfelia fultoni is the only bioluminescent member of fly found in North America. It is distantly related to Arachnocampa. The larvae of the species live in stream banks among moss and rock cavities as well as in wet sandstone caves. They build sticky webs and using their two bioluminescent lanterns as an attractant capture flying prey. They produce the bluest light of any studied bioluminescent insect.
 Oregocerata submontana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The length of the forewings is about 10.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish suffused with brown specks. The hindwings are white strigulated with pale grey-brown in the anteroterminal area.
 Acrophiletis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Plesiolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Gemmula rotatilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Stigmatophora is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Aphareus is a genus of snappers native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans from the African coast to the Hawaiian Islands. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Aphareus furca (Lacépède 1801) (small-toothed jobfish)	 Aphareus rutilans G. Cuvier 1830 (rusty jobfish)↑ 1.0 1.1
 The Ormyridae are a small family of parasitic wasps in the superfamily Chalcidoidea. They are either parasitoids or hyperparasitoids on gall-forming insects primarily cynipid wasps and tephritid flies. The 120 or so species in three genera (mostly in the genus Ormyrus) are cosmopolitan except almost entirely absent from South America.They are best recognized by distinctive scalloped sculpturing of their metasomal tergites.
 Actinoptilum molle commonly known as the radial sea pen or purple sea pen (South Africa) is a species of sea pen in the family Echinoptilidae.
 Ardozyga mesochra is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Queensland. The wingspan is about 10 mm
 Eleotris sandwicensis the Sandwich Island Sleeper is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it can be found in marine fresh and brackish waters around the coast. This fish can reach a length of 33 centimetres (13 in) SL. It is locally important to commercial fisheries and is also used as bait by fishermen after larger fishes. In the Hawaiian language the fish is also known as oʻopu ʻoau ʻowau and hiʻu kole.
 Aslauga katangana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Xylota is a genus of hoverflies similar in structure to the related genera Chalcosyrphus and Brachypalpoides. As the larvae are saprophytic in rotting wood the adult flies are generally found associated with woodland and woodland edges and can often be seen running over the upper sides of leaves. Unlike other syrphids the adults of many species rarely visit flowers preferring instead to gather pollen from leaf surfaces. There are over 100 described species of which 12 can be found in Europe.
 Pionenta ochreata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 26 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to August in riparian canyons and dry coniferous forest up to 2560 meters. There is probably more than one generation per year.
 Pseudophaloe patula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Cypraeovula immelmani is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The degu (Octodon degus /ˈdeɪɡuː/) is a small caviomorph rodent that is endemic to the Chilean matorral ecoregion of central Chile. It is sometimes referred to as the brush-tailed rat and is also called the common degu to distinguish it from the other members of the genus Octodon. Other members are also called degus but they are distinguished by additional names. The name degu on its own however indicates either the genus Octodon or more usually O. degus.
 The Upper Orinoco tree frog Hypsiboas wavrini is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Brazil Colombia and Venezuela and possibly Bolivia and Guyana. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps moist savanna and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Metelectrona is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Crioceratites is an ammonite genus from the Early Cretaceous belonging to the Ancylocerataceae.Crioceritites is coiled in an open normally equiangular spiral with an oval or subquadrate whorl section. The surface is banded by fine dense rounded ribbing sectioned by periodically spaced thick and often spinose ribs Crioceratites was formerly included in the Ancyloceratidae in the subfamily Crioceratinae which was subsequently elevated in rank to the family Crioceratidae.
 Vanzolinius discodactylus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cocksfoot Moth (Glyphipterix simpliciella) is a species of moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found in the western part of the Palaearctic ecozone and is common in much of Britain and Ireland.The wingspan is 6–9 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on the seeds of Dactylis glomerata and Festuca arundinacea and later pupate in the stem.
 Choreutis antiptila is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1912. It is found in China (Hainan) Nepal and Tien-mu-shan.
 Oliva is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Olividae the olive snails or olive shells.Subsequent to the publication of the Tursch & Greifeneder (2001) book entitled Olive shells: The genus Oliva and the species problem came out the classification of Oliva species has changed considerably since a number of what were previously considered to be species are now considered to be only forms of a lot fewer species.
 Lamprima micardi is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae that is found in Western Australia.
 Cryptobranchia is a genus of true deep water limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lepetidae true limpets.
 The Bordered Gothic (Sideridis reticulata) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 32–37 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Saponaria officinalis Silene vulgaris and Polygonum aviculare.The species has disappeared from the United Kingdom as a resident species during the first decade of the 21st century.
 The sunbirds and spiderhunters make up a family Nectariniidae of very small passerine birds. There are 132 species in 15 genera. The family is distributed throughout Africa the Indian Subcontinent Southeast Asia and just reaches northern Australia. Most sunbirds feed largely on nectar but also take insects and spiders especially when feeding young. Flower tubes that bar access to nectar because of their shape are simply punctured at the base near the nectaries.
 Odontopacha fenestrata is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Somalia and Tanzania.
 Fuller's Flower Moth (Schinia fulleri) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to central Florida.The wingspan is about 23 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Balduina angustifolia.
 Bulgarica nitidosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 The Trimen's Knob (Acantholipes trimeni) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in various countries of subtropical Africa.
 Thricolema is a genus of leaf beetles of the subfamily Synetinae. Distributed from the state of Colorado to the state of Oregon. The body of adult is elongated and fibrous.
 Chiloglanis fasciatus the Okavango suckermouth is a species of upside-down catfish native to Angola Botswana and Namibia where it is found in the Kwando River and the Okavango River and Delta. This species grows to a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) TL.
 Turbonilla guanacastensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Torellella is a genus of problematic tubicolous fossils. They have slightly conical phosphatic tubes with elliptical cross-section. Their fossils are known from the Cambrian.
 Platylesches batangae the Batanga Hopper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Cameroon Angola the central part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Zambia and possibly Nigeria.The larvae feed on Parinari congensis and Parinari polyandra.
 Plectrurus guentheri commonly known as Günther's burrowing snake is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
 Elseya branderhorsti is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Stigmella alnetella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe except the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 3.9-4.8 mm.The larvae feed on Alnus cordata and Alnus glutinosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. There is usually only one mine in a leaf. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Not to be confused with the Club Penguin Puffles.The pufflegs are hummingbirds from the genera Eriocnemis and Haplophaedia. They occur in humid forest woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1000 to 4800 m. asl in the Andes of Argentina Bolivia Peru Ecuador Colombia and Venezuela. The males have a colorful green coppery or blue plumage and the females are generally somewhat duller.
 Mordellistena ornata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1845.
 Megarhyssa macrurus (common name giant ichneumon wasp) is a species of large ichneumon wasp.It is a predatory insect notable for its extremely long ovipositor. It uses this to deposit an egg into the tunnel bored by another species of wasp.
 Coleophora salicivorella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Salix species. They create a composite leaf case.
 The Omorphini are a small tribe of moths in the subfamily Plusiinae only consisting of the genus Omorphina.
 Eupithecia evansi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Mordella unifasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1952.
 Oxynoemacheilus cinicus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Mordella fuscipilis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1895.
 Ormetica longilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1933. It is found in Peru and Venezuela.
 Meotachys is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Meotachys amplicollis (Bates 1882) Meotachys fraterculus (Bates 1871) Meotachys insularum (Bates 1884) Meotachys jansoni (Bates 1882) Meotachys platyderus (Bates 1871) Meotachys rufulus (Motschulsky 1855) Meotachys squiresi (Bates 1871) Meotachys sulcipennis (Bates 1871)↑
 Eulimella atlantis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Sparganothoides machimiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from the mountains and woodlands of Arizona Colorado and New Mexico south to Durango in Mexico. The habitat consists of mixed forests and oak woodlands.The length of the forewings is 8.1–10.4 mm for males and 9.2–10.8 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish yellow or golden yellow to brownish grey with scattered brownish orange or brown scaling.
 Mordella ruficornis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1931.
 Elma is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Santamenes is a small but widely distributed neotropical genus of potter wasps.
 Euchilichthys dybowskii is a species of upside-down catfish native to Cameroon Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Dja and Ubangi Rivers and rivers of the eastern Congo Basin. This species grows to a length of 11.2 centimetres (4.4 in) TL.
 Evalea plana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eupolybothrus cavernicolus is a species of centipede so far only found in two caves near the village of Kistanje in Šibenik-Knin County Croatia.It has been dubbed the cyber-centipede as it is the first eukaryotic species for which in addition to the traditional morphological description scientists have provided a transcriptomic profile DNA barcoding data detailed anatomical X-ray microtomography (micro-CT) and a movie of the living specimen.
 Carabus hummeli pusongensis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in China North Korea and Russia. They are either black or green coloured with both sexes are 28 millimetres (1.1 in) in length.
 Coenipeta medina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Texas through Central America (including El Salvador and Costa Rica) and Cuba to Brazil.
 The Central Sulawesi echiothrix (Echiothrix centrosa) also known as the Central Sulawesi spiny rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 The Greenish Yellow Finch (Sicalis olivascens) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Semibalanus is a genus of barnacles comprising two species:Semibalanus balanoides (Linnaeus 1758)Semibalanus cariosus (Pallas 1788)↑
 Acanthastrea lordhowensis the starry cup coral is a species of stony coral in the family Mussidae. It is a widespread but uncommon coral with large polyps occurring on shallow reefs in the Indo-Pacific Ocean.
 Udea endopyra is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Rubus hawaiiensis. They roll the leaves of their host plant.
 The Scarce Heath (Coenonympha hero) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Central Europe Northern Europe and Asia. It resembles Coenonympha arcania.The butterflies fly in one generation from May to July.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Paradrillia alluaudi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Glyphipterix trigonaspis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Western Australia.
 The Lesser Antillean Saltator (Saltator albicollis) is a species of songbird traditionally placed in the family Cardinalidae but as it seems it is closer to the tanagers (Thraupidae).It is found in Dominica Martinique Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia and Trinidad and Tobago. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Phrynobatrachus liberiensis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oxyptilus erythrodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 Kurtziella dorvilliae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Valenzuela labrostylus is a species of Psocoptera from Caeciliusidae family that is endemic to Corsica.
 The Buzzing Flowerpecker or White-bellied Flowerpecker (Dicaeum hypoleucum) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cygnus falconeri the Giant Swan was a very large Siculo-Maltese swan known from the Middle Pleistocene. Its dimensions are described as exceeding those of the living Mute Swan by one-third which would give a bill-to-tail length of about 190–210 cm (based on 145–160 cm for C. olor). It would have been taller though not heavier than the region's dwarf elephants. Due to its size it may have been flightless.
 Draco dussumieri commonly known as the southern flying lizard is a species of agamid lizard capable of gliding from tree to tree. It is found in the Western Ghats and hill forests of southern India.
 Stolička's or Stoliczka's mountain vole (Alticola stoliczkanus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in China Pakistan India and Nepal.
 Osilinus articulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Zapalasaurus is a genus of dinosaur described by Leonardo Salgado Ismar de Souza Carvalho and Alberto C. It was named after the city of Zapala. The type species Zapalasaurus bonapartei was found in Neuquén Province Argentina. It was a diplodocoid a long-necked herbivore and it lived during the Early Cretaceous.
 Scotorythra arboricolans is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai and HawaiiThe larvae feed on Santalum freycinetianum Santalum paniculatum and Santalum pyrularium.
 Dolicholagus longirostris the Longsnout blacksmelt is a species of deep-sea smelt found circumglobally in in deep waters of the tropics and sub-tropics. It is found at depths of 200 to 945 metres (656 to 3100 ft). This species grows to a length of 17.5 centimetres (6.9 in) SL.
 Littoraria melanostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The Spotted Ground Thrush (Geokichla guttata) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi South Africa Sudan Tanzania and possibly Mozambique.
 The rainbow smelt Osmerus mordax is a species of fish of the family Osmeridae. Its distribution is circumpolar and it has been introduced to the Great Lakes and from there has made its way to various other places. Walleye trout and other larger fish prey on these smelt. The rainbow smelt prefer juvenile ciscoes zooplankton and other small organisms but are aggressive and will eat almost any fish they find.
 The herring smelts or argentines are a family Argentinidae of marine smelts. They are similar in appearance to smelts (family Osmeridae) but have much smaller mouths. They are found in oceans throughout the world.
 Orania ficula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Catophragminae is a subfamily of acorn barnacles. This subfamily includes the genera Catophragmus Sowerby 1826 and Catolasmus Ross & Newman 2001. Species included all have a calcareous basis carinate imbricating plates and with long multi-segmented caudal appendage.Originally Utinomi established Catophragminae as a subfamily of the Chthamalidae to include those genera with imbricating plate whorls.
 Helicopis is a Neotropical genus of butterflies of the Riodinidae family.
 The eastern long-fingered bat or big-footed myotis (Myotis macrodactylus) is a species of vesper bat. An adult Big-Footed Myotis has a body length of 4.1-4.8 cm a tail of 3.1-4.9 cm and a wing length of 3.7-4.2 cm. It nests in groups and favors caves tunnels and abandoned mines. It can be found in Korea Japan from the Amami Islands in the south to Hokkaido in the north as well as in eastern Siberia and Sakhalin in Russia.
 Coleophora palifera is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Aethalopteryx mesosticta is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Somalia.
 Acraea annonae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba).
 Krenosmittia is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 Sphathiurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Mordellistena nigriventris is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1937.
 Eucosmophora pouteriae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.2-3.6 mm for males and 3.7 mm for females.The larvae feed on Pouteria campechiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The early mine is serpentine yellow-tan with a dark central frass line. The lower surface of the blotch mine is yellow-brown and appears to be made well into the parenchyma as it is inconspicuous from both leaf surfaces initially.
 The Rusty Thicketbird (Megalurulus rubiginosus) is a bird species. Previously placed in the Old World Warbler family Sylviidae it does not seem to be a close relative of the typical warblers; probably it belongs in the grass warbler family Locustellidae. It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Parapterois heterura the blackfoot firefish is a species of scorpionfish widely distributed on the southeastern coast of Africa as well as off Japan and in Indonesia where it is usually found in sheltered coastal bays with a soft bottom such as fine sand or mud. It is found in depths ranging from 40 to 300 metres (130 to 980 ft). This species is a sedentary fish and may even bury itself within the substrate. P.
 The Summer Tanager (Piranga rubra) is a medium-sized American songbird. Formerly placed in the tanager family (Thraupidae) it and other members of its genus are now classified in the cardinal family (Cardinalidae). The species's plumage and vocalizations are similar to other members of the cardinal family.Their breeding habitat is open wooded areas especially with oaks across the southern United States extending as far north as Iowa.
 Mordellistena gilvifrons is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1967 by Ermisch.
 Glyphipterix ametris is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1979. It is found in Taiwan.
 Garra kalakadensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Chrysocyma is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Acanthanectes is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae. It contains two described species at present.
 Quadrasiella mucronata is a species of minute salt marsh snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Emarginula adriatica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Copelatus darlingtoni is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Young in 1942.
 Melaeninae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae.
 Chara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Midway Noctuid Moth (Agrotis fasciata) also known as Midway Mudworm was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It was endemic to Midway Island United States. This species is now extinct.
 Tropheus is a small genus of six species of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa. The genus Tropheus is widespread across all regions of lake Tanganyika from Burundi in the North to Zambia in the South.Males and females are relatively similar but do display obvious sexual dimorphism. Males attain a somewhat larger size. All species maternally mouthbrood their eggs and fry and it is this characteristic that provides their latin name.
 Schwetzochromis neodon is a species of cichlid endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from the Fwa River in the Congo Basin. It can reach a length of 10.7 centimetres (4.2 in) SL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 The Speckled Beauty (Fagivorina arenaria) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from most of central Europe to the Balkan Peninsula and Ukraine. In the south it is found up to Sicily and in the north to Sweden and Norway.The wingspan is 22-30mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on deciduous trees including Fagus sylvatica and Quercus species.
 Common Bridal Snake (Dryocalamus nympha) is a species of snake found in southern India and Sri Lanka.The yellow mark on the back of the head suggests a bridal veil.Characteristics: A small snake with a glossy black or dark brown colouration. Its colouration may be accompanied by a series of irregular white or grey stripes. Its ventral area is creamy yellow. This snake has considerably large eyes with vertical pupils which are adaptations for its nocturnal lifestyle.
 The northern needle-clawed bushbaby (Euoticus pallidus) is a species of primate in the Galagidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. Habitat- It is found in tropical forest and secondary forest. The species is threatened by logging companies.
 Mordellistena zavchanensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1970.
 Catoblepia is a genus of Neotropical butterflies in the family Nymphalidae. Larvae feed in bananas and rotting fruit.
 Erionota is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Haddadus is a genus of frogs in the Craugastoridae family. The genus has three species that are endemic to the Atlantic Forest of east and south-east Brazil. The genus is named for Célio F. B. Haddad Brazilian herpetologist.
 Strongylognathus christophi is a species of insect in family Formicidae that is endemic to Russia.
 Glossodoris hikuerensis is a species of sea slug a colorful nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.
 South Island telegraph frog (Eleutherodactylus audanti) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Yellow-faced Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus virgo) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 The superfamily Scatopsoidea includes families: Canthyloscelididae Perissommatidae and Scatopsidae.
 Gyrostigma rhinocerontis (also known as the Rhinoceros stomach botfly) is the largest fly species known in Africa. It is a parasite of the Black Rhinoceros and the White Rhinoceros. Because the fly depends on the rhinoceros for reproduction its numbers declined steeply as the black and white rhinos faced extinction. Like the rhinoceros it must once have spread across much of sub-Saharan Africa (outside of the Congo Basin) but is today restricted to the savanas of southern and eastern Africa.
 Idalus panamensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1921. It is found in Panama.
 The toad mouse (Mus bufo) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and arable land.
 Pectinivalva acmenae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New South Wales.The wingspan is 4.5–5.5 mm for males and 5.2–5.6 mm for females. The thorax tegulae and forewings are uniform shining dark grey with strong blue reflections. There is an inconspicuous tornal spot consisting of a few white scales. The hindwings are pale grey.The larvae feed on Syzygium smithii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 White's Skink (Egernia whitii) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family. It is found in south-eastern Australia including Tasmania and many Bass Strait islands. It is slow-growing to a maximum length of about 90 mm and may take four years to reach maturity. It gives birth to live young. It is highly variable and may be a complex of closely related species.White's Skinks prefer dry habitats usually on steep hills.
 The long-tailed weasel (Mustela frenata) also known as the bridled weasel or big stoat is a species of mustelid distributed from southern Canada throughout all the United States and Mexico southward through all of Central America and into northern South America.
 Hyperplatys californica is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Casey in 1892.
 Udea swezeyi is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Platytes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Paris Peacock Papilio paris is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia.
 Somatina sublucens is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Cancilla larranagai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Golden-collared Macaw or Yellow-collared Macaw (Primolius auricollis) is a small mostly green Central South American parrot a member of a large group of Neotropical parrots known as macaws. It has a bright yellow patch on the back of its neck/upper shoulders that gives the species its name. In aviculture it is one of a number of smaller macaws often called mini-macaws.
 The Oblong-Winged katydid (Amblycorypha oblongifolia) is a species of katydid or bush-cricket of the family Tettigoniidae (long-horned grasshoppers).
 Scinax lindsayi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia and possibly Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stictochironomus han is a species of fly belonging to the family Chironomidae (non-biting midges). This is a relatively large dark brown species distinguished from related species by the wing being distinctively marked with several dark patches and by details of the genitalia. The specific name refers to the Han River in Korea where the species was discovered.
 The Amazon Kingfisher (Chloroceryle amazona) is a resident breeding bird in the lowlands of the American tropics from southern Mexico south through Central America to northern Argentina with at least one bird having strayed north to Texas. Records from Trinidad are thought to be erroneous.This large kingfisher breeds by streams. The unlined nest is in a horizontal tunnel made in a river bank and up to 1.6 m long and 10 cm wide.
 Annulobalcis procera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Aemene monastyrskii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Vietnam.
 For other species called Spur-winged Lapwing or Spur-winged Plover see below.The Spur-winged Lapwing or Spur-winged Plover (Vanellus spinosus) is a lapwing species one of a group of largish waders in the family Charadriidae.It breeds around the eastern Mediterranean and in a wide band from sub-Saharan west Africa to Arabia. The Greek and Turkish breeders are migratory but other populations are resident.These are conspicuous and unmistakable birds.
 Poenopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Etheostoma vulneratum the wounded darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States.
 Discocheilus is a genus of cyprinid fishes endemic to China. This genus contains two recognized species.
 Tibracana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Obovaria is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels. There are at least six described species in Obovaria at present all of which are found in the United States. Obovaria subrotunda is found in Canada as well.
 Miltochrista takamukui is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1927. It is found in Taiwan.
 Coregonus confusus is a freshwater whitefish from Switzerland. It is also known by its native Swiss German common name spelled pfärrit pfarrig and pfärrig. It was described as Coregonus annectens confusus by Victor Fatio in 1885 from syntypes which have been lost in 1902. The species is rare and only known with certainty from Lake Biel. There is also a possibility that it might occur in Lake Neuchâtel. It vanished from Lake Murten in the 1960s due to eutrophication and water level management.
 Ethmia transversella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 14-15.6 mm. The ground color of the forewings is gray more or less completely clouded with indistinct blackish brown. The ground color of the hindwings is semihyaline whitish but brownish along the costal area beyond the middle and on the terminal margin. Adults have been recorded in January.
 The forktail blue-eye (Pseudomugil furcatus) is a species of fish in the Pseudomugilidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea south-east of Popondetta where found in rainforest streams. It was formerly placed in genuns Popondetta or even separated as Popondichthys but this is presently considered erroneous.
 Ethmia macelhosiella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the eastern United States including Missouri Maryland Pennsylvania and Oklahoma.The length of the forewings is 10.7-12.7 mm. The ground color of the forewings is whitish sparsely to densely irrorated with pale brownish. The ground color of the hindwings is pale brownish or dirty whitish. Adults have been recorded in October and November.The larvae feed on Phacelia species.
 Heterodera arenaria is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Glyphipterix fortunatella is a moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm. The forewings are bronzy fuscous blending to brownish cupreous beyond the middle. The hindwings are bronzy grey.
 Anisolabella is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of the book Fauna of India. It contains one species Anisolabella braueri and can be found primarily in the Afrotropic ecozone. The genus and species were first classified in 1911 by Zacher.
 Bebearia cottoni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (the central basin).
 The hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria) also known as a quahog (or quahaug) round clam or hard-shell (or hard-shelled) clam is an edible marine bivalve mollusk which is native to the eastern shores of North America from Prince Edward Island to the Yucatán Peninsula. It is one of many unrelated edible bivalves which in the United States are frequently referred to simply as clams as in the expression clam digging.
 Conus tiaratus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Tritonia nigromaculata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Croatotrechus tvrtkovici is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Croatotrechus.
 Moodna clitellatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Moodna. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is known from Peru (including Callao the type location).
 Apina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Long-billed Curlew (Numenius americanus) is a large North American shorebird of the family Scolopacidae. This species was also called sicklebird and the candlestick bird. The species is native to central and western North America. In the winter the species migrates southwards as well as towards the coastline.
 Paraphidippus aurantius is a species of jumping spider.
 Iapir is a genus of beetles in the family Torridincolidae containing the following species: Iapir borgmeieri (Reichardt & Costa 1961) Iapir britskii (Reichardt & Costa 1967) Iapir castalia Reichardt 1973 Iapir trombetensis (Fonseca Py-Daniel & Barbosa 1991)↑
 Astraea heliotropium or the circular saw shell is a large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc of the family Turbinidae the turbans and star snails.
 Favia is a genus of reef building stony corals in the family Faviidae. Members of the genus are massive or thickly encrusting colonial corals either dome-shaped or flat and a few are foliaceous. There is a great diversity of form even among individuals of the same species. The corallites project slightly above the surface of the coral and each has its own wall. In most species the corallites are plocoid and in some monocentric.
 Coleophora goluensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Bulimulus galapaganus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oestropa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Saenura is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains only one species Saenura flava which can be found in South Africa Angola Lesotho Malawi Namibia Zambia and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Tagetes erecta Senecio species Cassia occidentalis Cassia tomentosa Tephrosia species Acacia mearnsii Ornithogalium eckloni Protea multibracteata Rubus pinnotus Smilax species and Lantana species.
 Coleophora fretella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain Italy Serbia and Montenegro Greece and Turkey.
 Eupithecia pinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America (including Arizona). It was described by Samuel E. Cassino in 1925.The forewings are deep smoky in colour. The inner and outer edges of the median area are formed by two solid dark bands. The subterminal area is paler and followed by a dark pre-apical costal blotch and two others on the outer margin.
 Daanosaurus was a genus of dinosaur. It was a brachiosaurid sauropod which lived during the Late Jurassic. It lived in what is now China and was similar to Bellusaurus.The type species described in 2005 is Daanosaurus zhangi.
 Antetonitrus (pronounced ant-EE-tohn-IET-rus; meaning before the thunder) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur found in Triassic rocks in South Africa. The only species is Antetonitrus ingenipes. As one of the oldest known sauropods it is crucial for the understanding of the origin and early evolution of this group. It was a quadrupedal herbivore like all of its later relatives but shows primitive adaptations to use the forelimbs for grasping instead of purely for weight support.
 Derobrachus apterus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1879.
 The Ichneumonoidea are insects classified in the hymenopteran suborder Apocrita. The superfamily is made up of the ichneumon wasps (sometimes inaccurately called ichneumon flies); family Ichneumonidae and the braconids (family Braconidae). Like other parasitic wasps they were long placed in the Parasitica variously considered as an infraorder or an unranked clade but actually not a monophyletic group.
 The Yaqui slider (Trachemys yaquia) is turtle belonging to the Trachemys genus of the family Emydidae. It is native to Chihuahua and Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico.
 Lamoria eumeces is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 Eupselia holoxantha is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family.
 Arctic grayling (Thymallus arcticus) is a species of freshwater fish in the salmon family (family Salmonidae) of order Salmoniformes. It comprises five subspecies native to the Nearctic and Palearctic ecozones. T. arcticus is widespread throughout the Arctic and Pacific drainages in Canada Alaska and Siberia as well as the upper Missouri River drainage in Montana. In the U.S. state of Arizona an introduced population is found in the Lee Valley and other lakes in the White Mountains.
 Mastigoteuthis flammea is a species of whip-lash squid. The placement of this species in the genus Mastigoteuthis is questionable.
 Susan’s Girl (1969-1988) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Trifurcula eurema is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is widespread throughout Europe northwards to southern Norway and Sweden (but not in Finland) Poland and the Baltic Region.
 Ambeodontus almeidai is a species of beetle in the subfamily Cerambycinae.
 Hisarai seripierriae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Hisarai.
 The De Filippi's Petrel or Masatierra Petrel (Pterodroma defilippiana) is a species of seabird in the family Procellariidae. It is endemic to Chile where it nests in the Juan Fernández Islands (including Masatierra) and Desventuradas Islands. Its natural habitats are open seas and rocky shores.
 Eupithecia aenigma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Yunnan).The wingspan is about 14 mm. The fore- and hindwings are pale warm brown.
 Antedon petasus is a marine invertebrate a species of crinoid or feather star in the family Antedonidae. It is found around the coasts of north west Europe.
 Tolidostena atripennis is a beetle in the Tolidostena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1956 by Nakane.
 Pseudastrobunus perpusillus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Expleuracanthus is a genus of xenacanthidan shark. Its horn was probably used for protection against predators.
 The Alabama moccasinshell (Medionidus acutissimus) is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. It is native to Alabama Mississippi Georgia Tennessee and possibly Florida. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.This aquatic bivalve mollusk is about 3 centimeters long with a thin yellow or brownish yellow shell.
 Eleutherodactylus rhabdolaemus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Evarcha arcuata is a species of jumping spider.
 Lyonetia carcinota is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Mauritius.This species has a wingspan of 10mm the head palpae antennae and thorax are silvery-white the forewings are very narrowly elongated and short pointed of light ochreous colour with the basal third silvery-white and with an oblique white mark beyond the middle of the wing. 5 very small white spots are found on the last third of the costa. The hindwings are dark-grey.
 Caloptilia honoratella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Austria Hungary and Macedonia.
 Girella tricuspidata the parore (in New Zealand) or luderick black bream or blackfish (in Australia) is a species of sea chub native to coastal marine and brackish waters of southeastern Australia and New Zealand. They prefer rocky reefs inshore habitats such as eelgrass beds estuaries and mangrove swamps where they can be found down to depths of around 20 metres (66 ft). This species can reach a length of 71 centimetres (28 in) FL though most do not exceed 35 centimetres (14 in) TL.
 Paranthrene mesothyris is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Eusclera is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Anelosimus agnar is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae. The holotype and paratype specimens were collected in Teluk Mahkota Johor Malaysia. Both specimens are female; this species currently lack information on males. The spider is named for Agnar Ingólfsson the father of the discoverer Ingi Agnarsson. Females can be identified as members of this species by unusually long and flimsy copulatory ducts. Females range in size from 2.05 to 2.40 millimetres (0.081 to 0.094 in).
 Louisea is a genus of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae containing two species Louisea balssi and Louisea edeaensis. Both species are endemic to Cameroon and listed as endangered species on the IUCN Red List.L. edeaensis is known from only three specimens which were collected in 1910 from two locations in Edéa and Yabassi while L. balssi is only known from four specimens collected in the Bamenda highlands and has not been seen alive since 1909.
 Heliocheilus ionola is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.
 Blechromopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gomphus parvidens is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Medionidus is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.
 Blepharita is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Uncieburia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Uncieburia nigricans (Gounelle 1909) Uncieburia quadrilineata (Burmeister 1865) Uncieburia rogersi (Bates 1870)↑
 Haliotis supertexta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Hypsidracon is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 African forest buffalo (Syncerus caffer nanus) is the smallest subspecies of the African buffalo. It is related to the Cape buffalo (Syncerus caffer caffer) West African savanna buffalo (Syncerus caffer brachyceros) and Central African savanna buffalo (Syncerus caffer aequinoctialis). However it is the only subspecies that occurs mainly in the rainforest of central and western Africa with an annual rainfall around 1500 mm.
 Neasuroides simplicior is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1927. It is found in Taiwan.
 Heteropsis obscura is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Linyphia triangularis is a European species of spider in the family Linyphiidae.
 Neptis infusa is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Coonoora biceratops is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Abisara cameroonensis the Cameroon Judy is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of montane secondary forests where it is found along streams.
 Gallagnostus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Thessalian barbel (Barbus thessalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus. It is endemic to Greece.
 Lavigeria paucicostata is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Paludomidae. This species is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Hardy Eustace is a retired thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Champion Hurdle in 2004 and 2005. He was trained in Ireland by Dessie Hughes and owned by Laurence Byrne.
 Trophonius (foaled 1808) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire and best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1811. Trophonius won his first three races at Newmarket Racecourse in the spring of 1811 including the Guineas and the Newmarket Stakes on the following afternoon but ran disappointingly when favourite for the Epsom Derby. He never recovered his best form and was beaten in his remaining seven races.
 Noblesse (1960–1972) was a champion thoroughbred racehorse and has been regarded as the greatest filly ever trained in Ireland.
 Varanoidea is a superfamily of lizards including the well-known family Varanidae (the monitors or goanna). Also included in the Varanoidea are such extinct marine and semi-aquatic forms as mosasaurs and dolichosaurs the venomous helodermatids (Gila monsters and beaded lizards) the Lanthanotidae (earless monitor lizards) and the extinct Necrosauridae.Throughout their long evolutionary history varanoids have exhibited great diversity both in habitat and form.
 Antispila ampelopsia is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Kuroko in 1961. It is found in Japan (Kyushu and Yakushima).The wingspan is 4.5-5.5 mm. The forewings are dark bronzy-fuscous with reddish reflections. The basal area is shining leaden-bronze. The markings are silvery metallic with yellowish or bluish reflections. The hindwings are fuscous with feeble purplish lusters. Adults appear in mid August mid September and at the end of June.
 Eryonidae is a family of fossil decapod crustaceans which lived from the Upper Triassic to the Lower Cretaceous. It contains four genera: An aggregation of three unidentified eryonids was reported in 2012 inside a Late Jurassic ammonoid of the species Harpoceras falciferum; they represent the earliest evidence of gregarious behaviour in decapods.Cycleryon Glaessner 1965Eryon A. G. Desmarest 1817Knebelia Van Straelen 1922Rosenfeldia Garassino Teruzzi & Dalla Vecchia 1996↑ ↑ ↑
 The Leucascidae are a family of sponges in the order Clathrinida.
 Calliostoma scotti common name Scott's top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Kombologion)
 Carabus catenulatus is a species of beetle endemic to Europe where it is observed in Bosnia and Herzegovina mainland Italy Slovenia and Switzerland.
 Smerinthus is a genus of hawkmoths in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Latreille in 1802. Adults have conspicuous eye spots on the hind wings.
 Hemimyzon pumilicorpora is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemimyzon. it is a fresh water fish found in China. Males can reach up to 5.7 cm in length.
 Clavatula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Clavatulidae.
 Prochoreutis delicata is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Arita in 1976. It is found in Japan (Honshu).
 Cathartus quadricollis is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae the only species in the genus Cathartus.
 Latirus tigroides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Heath Ochre Skipper (Trapezites phigalia) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland South Australia and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Lomandra densiflora Lomandra fibrata Lomandra filiformis Lomandra glauca Lomandra nana Lomandra obliqua and Lomandra sororia.
 Hestiasula brunneriana is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acromantinae in the family Hymenopodidae.
 Elimia teres is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Eucrostes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The gobies form the family Gobiidae which is one of the largest families of fish with more than 2000 species in more than 200 genera. Most are relatively small typically less than 10 cm (4 in) in length. Gobies include some of the smallest vertebrates in the world such as species of the genera Trimmatom nanus and Pandaka pygmaea which are under 1 cm (3/8 in) long when fully grown.
 Chloropaschia aniana is a species of snout moth in the genus Chloropaschia. It is found in South America.
 Phyllonorycter viminetorum is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Latvia to the Pyrenees and Italy and from Ireland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 8–9 mm.The larvae feed on Salix viminalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine close to the leaf margin and normally also close to the petiole. There are often two mines in a single leaf. The mine in contracted in a tube-like fashion.
 Pontic shad Black sea shad or Kerch shad (Alosa immaculata) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa.
 Hydraena ateneo is small aquatic beetle recently discovered in Metro Manila (the Philippines). The species is named after the Ateneo de Manila University Quezon City where the species was discovered. The type locality of this species lies inside the university campus.
 Joculator gemmae is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Conus guidopoppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Lenoks (otherwise known as Asiatic trout or Manchurian trout) are a genus Brachymystax of salmonid fishes native to Mongolia Siberia the far East of Russia Northern China the Sea of Japan and South Korea.
 Latzelia is an extinct genus of centipede and the type and only genus of the family Latzeliidae. It existed during the Carboniferous in what is now Illinois USA. It was described by Samuel Hubbard Scudder in 1890 and the type species is Latzelia primordialis.
 The blackfin snapper Lutjanus buccanella is a species of snapper native to the western Atlantic Ocean including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. It is a commercially important species though it has been reported to carry the ciguatera toxin.
 Leptotyphlops reticulatus or the Reticulate blind beaver is a species of beaver in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Turbonilla fontainei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Amorphoscelis elegans is a species of praying mantis found in Ghana Guinea Togo and on Bioko island.
 Tachina vittata is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Colombia.
 Fraus orientalis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to New South Wales.
 Aulorhamphus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Blastesthia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Copromorphoidea the fruitworm moths is a superfamily of insects in the lepidopteran order. These moths are small to medium-sized (10–50 mm. in wingspan) and are broad-winged bearing some resemblance to the superfamilies Tortricoidea and Immoidea.
 Ethmia tyranthes is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Astha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Hoge's sideneck turtle (Mesoclemmys hogei) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.
 Pardosa danica is a wolf spider species found in Denmark.
 Corythucha arcuata the oak lace bug is a species of lace bug Tingidae that is a pest of oaks in the Old World. It is native to the New world and was first observed in Europe in 2000.
 The Cuban night lizard (Cricosaura typica) is a night lizard that lives exclusively in the west corner of the southern-most coast of Cuba. It is the smallest of the night lizards at less than 4 cm. It is the only member of the genus Cricosaura one of three in the night lizard family.Like all night lizards the Cuban night lizard is viviparous giving live birth to its young.
 Common names: short-tailed mamushi.Gloydius blomhoffii brevicaudus is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China and the Korean Peninsula.
 Citheronula is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Subdesert Toad (Amietophrynus xeros) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Algeria Cameroon Chad Djibouti Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Guinea Kenya Libya Mali Mauritania Niger Senegal Somalia Sudan Tanzania Uganda Western Sahara possibly Angola possibly Benin possibly Burkina Faso possibly Central African Republic possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo possibly Guinea-Bissau and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater marshes freshwater springs hot deserts and arable land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Barbus lukusiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The La Planada poison frog (Ameerega andina; formerly Epipedobates andinus) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Thyrgis constrictifascia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1919. It is found in Ecuador.
 Volva striata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Stauropus sikkimensis is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Nepal India China and Taiwan.
 Atypichthys is a genus of sea chubs native to inshore waters from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands with currently two recognized species: Atypichthys latus McCulloch & Waite 1916 (eastern footballer) Atypichthys strigatus (Günther 1860) (Australian mado)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Acrolepia marmaropis is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
 Morpho rhodopteron is a Neotropical butterfly known only from the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in Colombia.With a wingspan of 7.5 cm (3 inch). It is the smallest species in the genus Morpho.
 Coleophora siccifolia is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 10–12 mm.The larvae feed on Alnus Betula lutea Betula pubescens Carpinus betulus Crataegus laevigata Malus domestica Sorbus aucuparia and Tilia species. They create a tubular leaf case. It is almost barrel-shaped with a large leaf fragment that while withering folds itself around the tube.
 Ischnocampa tristis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1889. It is found in Mexico Costa Rica and Brazil.
 Eilema tricolorana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1954. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Montezuma's Cattleheart (Parides montezuma) is a butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is native to the Americas.
 Cremastobombycia morogorene is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of savannah vegetation with agricultural farms.The length of the forewings is 2.25 mm. The forewing ground colour is reddish ochreous with white/blackish fuscous markings. The hindwings are greyish with a long fuscous fringe. Adults are on wing in late August.
 Grais is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The White-fronted Ground Tyrant (Muscisaxicola albifrons) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and swamps.
 Elachista multipunctata is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Tadzhikistan.The length of the forewings is about 3.4 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white strongly mottled with brown tipped scales. The hindwings are white. Adults have been recorded in August.
 Planogyra is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Valloniidae.
 Honeybirds are birds in the genus Prodotiscus of the honeyguide family. They are confined to sub-Saharan Africa.They are all drab coloured birds with grey or grey-green upperparts and grey to whitish-grey underparts. They are among the smallest members of the honeyguide family.
 Larentiini is a tribe of geometer moths under subfamily Larentiinae.
 Tetrastichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae. Tetrastichus planipennisi is a parasitoid of the Emerald ash borer a wood boring insect native to Asia which is an invasive species in North America. T. planipennisi is being evaluated as a biological control.
 Cardus crucifer is a species of blind deep-water decapod crustacean from the Atlantic Ocean the only species in the genus Cardus. It differs from other members of the family Polychelidae in having only four pairs of claws instead of five in both sexes. The name Cardus refers to the thistle Carduus in reference to the spiny thistle-like carapace.
 The Pied Honeyeater (Certhionyx variegatus) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Siratus ciboney is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Albinaria latelamellaris is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 Mesapia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae. It contains only one species Mesapia peloria the Tibet Blackvein which is found in India and China. It is a midsized to large species.
 Pyrops delessertii is a species of true bug in the family Fulgoridae in the genus Pyrops which are sometimes called as lanternflies. This species is found in the Nilgiris and Western Ghats of southern India. The head and snout is greenish or brownish. The thorax has a reddish colour and there are three spots on the mesonotum. The hindwings are bluish green with a broad black border along the margin. Specimens are known from Karwar the Nilgiris and Trivandrum.
 Acraea calida is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forest margins grassland and anthropogenic environments.
 Lygodactylus blanci commonly called Blanc's dwarf gecko is a species of gecko native to central Madagascar.
 Caloreas cydrota is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1915. It is found in Colombia.
 Partulina terebra is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Calotes nemoricola the Nilgiri Forest lizard is an agamid lizard found in South India (Nilgiri Hills southern Western Ghats).
 The Chestnut-headed Bee-eater (Merops leschenaulti) a.k.a. Bay-headed Bee-eater is a near passerine bird in the bee-eater family Meropidae. It is a resident breeder in the Indian Subcontinent and adjoining regions ranging from India east to Southeast Asia including Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia.This species like other bee-eaters is a richly coloured slender bird. It is predominantly green with blue on the rump and lower belly.
 Agelista is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Its only described species A. andina occurs in Brazil Paraguay and Argentina.
 The Luzon Short-nosed Rat (Tryphomys adustus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is the only species in the genus Tryphomys.It is found only in the Philippines.
 Conus dictator is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Darvasiceras is a prolecanitid ammonoid cephalopod from the Early/Lower Permian included in what is now the superfamily Medlicottioidea. The type species is Darvisciceras minum.The shell of Darvasiceras is discoidal moderately involute in adult stages; the venter narrow smooth and flat; the umbilicus shallow and small. The external portion of the suture consists of a small ventral and five umbilical lobes (per side).
 The Water Watchman or Water Skipper (Parnara monasi) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sub-Saharan Africa including Senegal Gambia Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo Zambia Mozambique Zimbabwe Botswana South Africa (Limpopo Province Mpumalanga KwaZulu-Natal) and Swaziland.
 Autographa buraetica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in north and north-eastern Germany Scandinavia Poland Russia (from the Ural to the Pacific coast) Mongolia Sibiria the Ussuri region Korea and Japan. It has recently been recorded from Austria. In North America it is found in Alaska the Yukon the Northwest Territories and British Columbia.The wingspan is 35–42 mm.
 Suillia bicolor is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Parablepharis kuhlii is a species of praying mantis found in India Myanmar Vietnam Borneo and Java.
 Ortholepis vacciniella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Germany Denmark Poland the Baltic region Russia and Fennoscandia.The wingspan is 12–18 mm.The larvae feed on Vaccinium and Betula nana.
 The African yellow bat (Scotophilus dinganii) is a species of vesper bat. It can be found in Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Djibouti Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Leucoptera melanolitha is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to Australia.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Phrynomedusa appendiculata the Santa Catarina leaf frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Carposina latebrosa is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Tasmania.
 Dalla spica is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
 Will Take Charge (foaled April 13 2010) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is best known for his wins in the 2013 Travers Stakes and Clark Handicap and for being beaten a nose in the 2013 Breeders' Cup Classic. He was named American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse for 2013.
 The golden topminnow Fundulus chrysotus is a fish of the genus Fundulus and is a United States native fish mostly distributed throughout the southeast; ranging from Kentucky and Ohio south into Florida. Although it has such a wide distribution throughout the south the habitats and micro-habitats that it occupies do not differ much from one area of distribution to others.
 Pachydia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Syntypistis is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Sparganothina lutea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).
 Nyctemera herklotsii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Angonyx krishna is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in southern India and Sri Lanka.The hindwing upperside is similar to Angonyx testacea but the median area is more broadly pale orange.
 Actias neidhoeferi is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in Taiwan.Ong Sheng-keng and Yu Ching-kin were the first Taiwanese researchers to publish a journal article on Lepidoptera when they described Actias neidhoeferi as a new species.
 Pseudogiria variabilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Gabon.
 Ophichthus brasiliensis is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Johann Jakob Kaup in 1856.
 Costalobata is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Brachyleptura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species:Brachyleptura champlaini Casey 1913Brachyleptura circumdata (Olivier 1795)Brachyleptura dehiscens (LeConte 1859)Brachyleptura fulvaBrachyleptura pernigra (Linell 1897)Brachyleptura rubrica (Say 1824)Brachyleptura vagans (Olivier 1795)Brachyleptura vexatrix (Mannerheim 1853)↑
 The Giraffe danio is a species of freshwater fish from Myanmar discovered in 2007. It may be another known Devario species but this is unconfirmed. Its common name is based on its markings which resemble those of a Giraffe.
 Ophiodermatidae are a family of brittle stars in the suborder Ophiurina.
 Dismorphia lewyi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found from Venezuela to Bolivia.The wingspan is 48–50 mm (1.9–2.0 in).
 Cyme suavis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Dentimargo alisae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Avatha simplex is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Boninena is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.
 Metarctia crocina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Uelia sepidapex is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Cactobrosis maculifera is a species of snout moth in the genus Cactobrosis. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Mexico.
 Alycidon (1945–1963) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who was described as one of the greatest stayers in history. In a career which lasted from the autumn of 1947 until September 1949 he ran seventeen times and won eleven races. He was the second best British three-year-old of his generation when he finished second to Black Tarquin in the St. Leger Stakes.
 Odostomia fuijitanii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Danacetichthys galathenus is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths at around 1330 metres (4360 ft). This species grows to a length of 5.4 centimetres (2.1 in) SL.
 Erpobdella lineata is a leech found in Europe. These leeches show a preference for calcic waters and have a tolerance to pollution.
 Anaspidoglanis boutchangai is a species of claroteid catfish.
 The Green-headed Hillstar Oreotrochilus estella stolzmanni is a species of hummingbird found in the Andes in far southern Ecuador and northern and central Peru in alpine grassland and scrub at altitudes of 3600 to 4200 metres (11800 to 13800 ft).
 The longclaws are a genus of small African passerine birds with long tails which they wag frequently. They are in the same family as the pipits and wagtails.Longclaws are slender often colorful ground-feeding insectivores of open country. They are ground nesters laying up to four speckled eggs.They are named for their unusually long hind claws which are thought to help in walking on grass.There are only between 10000 and 19000 Sharpe's longclaw left in Kenya.
 Parasphallenum fulguratum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Parasphallenum.
 Acrolepia aleuritis is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Oxymeris albida common name : the White Auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Osmia cornifrons commonly known as the hornfaced bee has been used commercially for several decades in Japan to pollinate apples as it is now in the US. A single hornfaced bee can visit 15 flowers in a minute. This solitary bee nests in reeds tubes and holes in wood.
 Charaxes zingha the Shining red charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo Angola the Central African Republic the northern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and western Tanzania. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests and sometimes gallery forests and coastal scrubland.The larvae feed on Hugonia - Hugonia platsepala and Hugonia castaneifolia.
 Achlya is a genus of water mould.
 Helicoverpa titicacae is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Fusinus felipensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Sabella spallanzanii is a species of marine polychaete worms in the family Sabellidae. Common names include the Mediterranean fanworm the feather duster worm the European fan worm and the pencil worm. It is native to shallow waters in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. It has spread to various other parts of the world and is included on the Global Invasive Species Database.The species' name commemorates the 18th-century biologist Lazzaro Spallanzani.
 Wilsonia is a small genus of New World warblers which breed in North America. They are migratory wintering south of their breeding ranges in Central America the West Indies or South America.The three species are: Hooded Warbler Wilsonia citrina Wilson's Warbler Wilsonia pusilla Canada Warbler Wilsonia canadensisHooded Warbler is now included in Setophaga while Wilson's and Canada are included in Cardellina.Wilsonia warblers are 12–13 centimetres (4.7–5.1 in) long.
 Laetilia cinerosella is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Neunzig in 1997. It is found in Florida.
 Anthidium aztecum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Neosalangichthys ishikawae is a species of icefish endemic to Japan. This species has recently been assigned to the monotypic genus Neosalangichthys. This species grows to a length of 7.4 centimetres (2.9 in) SL.
 The Indochinese leopard (Panthera pardus delacouri) is a leopard subspecies native to mainland Southeast Asia and into southern China classified as “Near Threatened” in 2008 by IUCN. In Indochina leopards are threatened primarily by habitat loss due to deforestation as well as poaching for the illegal trade. They are becoming increasingly rare outside protected areas and may soon qualify for the “Vulnerable” status. The trend of the population is decreasing.
 Leucophlebia edentata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Guinea east to Sudan and Uganda.
 Astrosansonia dautzenbergi is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pickworthiidae.
 The Dog’s Tooth (Lacanobia suasa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe Ural Mountains Russia Amur Oblast.The wingspan is 32–37 mm.
 The Brown Treecreeper (Climacteris picumnus) is the largest Australasian treecreeper. The bird endemic to eastern Australia has a broad distribution occupying areas from Cape York Queensland throughout New South Wales and Victoria to Port Augusta and the Flinders Ranges South Australia. Prevalent nowadays between 16˚S and 38˚S the population has contracted from the edges of its pre-European range declining in Adelaide and Cape York.
 Thyrsiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Thyrsia and the following species: Thyrsia lateralis Dalman 1819 Thyrsia piranga Galileo & Martins 2006↑
 Hypochrosis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Chiasmodontidae snaketooth fishes are a family of deep-sea perciform fishes known from oceans worldwide.
 Divales is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Melyridae.
 The Channel Islands Pug (Eupithecia ultimaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe where it is found in Portugal and Spain coastal western and southern France Italy the Mediterranean islands including Cyprus and Greece. It is also found in southern England and the Channel Islands. Furthermore it is present in North Africa (Morocco Algeria Tunisia Libya Egypt) Lebanon Israel Iraq and Iran.The wingspan is 13–17 mm.
 Terebra amanda common name Amanda's auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Chymophila is a genus of hoverflies found across an area extending from the southern United States to Argentina. There are 19 known species. Chymophila was based on a composite type species: the holotype is a body of C. fulgens with the head of a conopid glued on.
 Dovania mirei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nigeria.
 Orthomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Orthomus abacoides Lucas 1846 Orthomus achilles Wrase & Jeanne 2005 Orthomus anagae Medina & Oromi 1991 Orthomus annae (Donabauer 2008) Orthomus aquila Coquerel 1859 Orthomus aubryi Jeanne 1974 Orthomus balearicus (Piochard de la Brulerie 1868) Orthomus barbarus Dejean 1828 Orthomus bedelianus Lutshnik 1915 Orthomus berrai F.
 Sinployea decorticata a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to the Cook Islands; it is now extinct.
 Mid-day Sun (1934–1954) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. After showing little promise as a two-year-old in 1936 Mid-day Sun improved into top class performer at three. In 1937 he won five races including the Epsom Derby and the Hardwicke Stakes at Royal Ascot. He was retired to stud in 1938 but had little success as a stallion. He was the first winner of the Derby at Epsom to be owned by a woman.
 Sphaenorhynchus is a genus of frogs (lime treefrogs) in the Hylidae family found in the Amazon and Orinoco River basins of South America the Guianas Trinidad and southern and eastern Brazil.Sphaenorhynchus caramaschii
 The common name of Hybognathus hankinsoni is the Brassy Minnow. This is a species belonging to the family Cyprinidae. It is widespread throughout North America where it inhabits sluggish clear waters found in creeks rivers and lakes. It can be identified from other similar-looking minnows from its brassy coloration and its basioccipital process which is broad and straight to concave posteriorly.
 Oxyothespis longicollis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 Hilarographa gunongana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sarawak.The wingspan is about 8.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale dirty orange in the form of three lines. The hindwings are brownish.
 Pseudopostega perdigna is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1914. It is known from Guerrero Mexico.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. Adults have been recorded in July.
 The permotanyderidaea are an extinct family of insects within the order Protodiptera.Along with permotipulidaea (Permotipula and Permila Willmann 1989) and the robinjohniidaea (Robinjohnia Scherbakov ET to. 1995) the somewhat more distantly related permotanyderidaea forms a group of mecopteroids of the Late Permian of Australia and Eurasia (250-260 Ma) that represents the older close relatives of the true flies.
 The Northern Damselfly or Spearhead Bluet (Coenagrion hastulatum) is a damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.The species is widespread and common in northern Eurasia but is restricted to elevated or bog-like sites towards the west and south. In Britain it is confined to a few small lochans in Scotland.C.
 The Charming Thicket Rat (Thamnomys venustus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is described as data deficient as Thamnomys schoutedeni.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Malapterurus is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the electric catfish family (Malapteruridae). It includes 18 species.
 Phyllonorycter engelhardiae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Nepal.The wingspan is about 6 mm.The larvae feed on Engelhardia spicata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather small blotch occurring upon the upper side of the leaves usually situated along the leaf-margin or on the space between two lateral veins. It is oval or circular in form.
 Cerithideopsis pliculosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.
 Meza mabillei Mabille’s Three-spot Missile is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria and Gabon. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to flowers.
 Haramiya is a mammaliform that is a lineage either unrelated or a paraphyletic parent to multituberculates from the Mesozoic era. Only Haramiya's teeth and skull have been found; judging from these it has been constructed as a 12 cm (5 in) creature with a resemblance to modern voles. It is presumed to have fed on the leaves of tree ferns as it had broad cheek teeth for crushing tough vegetable food.
 Ophichthus machidai is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker S. Ide and Hiromitsu Endo in 2012.
 Eupithecia laquaearia is a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in central and southern Europe and Russia.The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Euphrasia species. The Young larvae live in spun flowers of the hostplant. When older they live in groups close to the flowe or fruit. Larvae can be found in September.
 Mordellistena diagonalis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1873 by Theodor Franz Wilhelm Kirsch.
 Tachyancistrocerus is an indomalayan afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 The Vincent's Bush Squirrel (Paraxerus vincenti) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family named in honour of Jack Vincent. It is endemic to Mozambique. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Graciliscincus is a lizard genus in the family Scincidae. The genus contains the single species Graciliscincus shonae (Sadlier's skink or gracile burrowing skink) found in New Caledonia.Graciliscincus shonae is threatened by habitat loss and fragmentation.
 Carposina olivaceonitens is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed in flowers flower buds and fruit of Clermontia and Planchonella species.
 Schrankia microscopica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Seychelles (Aldabra).
 Cymbula adansonii is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Metanarsia onzella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in south-eastern Kazakhstan Uzbekistan Turkmenistan and Russia (the southern European part).The length of the forewings is 7.5-8 mm. There are yellow patches on the costal posterior and subapical areas of the forewings. The outer margin is dark grey. The hindwings are grey. Adults are on wing in June and August.
 Virbia endomelaena is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1914. It is found in Colombia.
 Cyclostrema spirula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 Hermaea wrangeliae is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hermaeidae.
 Ladamarekiidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs of uncertain position. it is not known if they are sea snails (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).
 Paramaenas is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.
 Pao turgidus is a species of freshwater pufferfish native to the Mekong basin (Cambodia Laos Thailand Vietnam). It may also occur in the Chao Phraya basin in Thailand. This species grows to a length of 18.5 centimetres (7.3 in) SL.These pufferfish are toxic like many other pufferfishes. In Cambodia poisonings caused by eating pufferfish caught from lakes and rivers are common and sometimes result in fatalities.
 The Papuan Boobook Jungle Boobook or Jungle Hawk Owl (Ninox theomacha) is a medium-sized dark-colored owl. It has a dark gray-brown facial disk with lighter colored eyebrows sooty or chocolate underparts and mainly dark gray wings.It lives mainly in lowland forests montane forests and submontane forests living mainly on the forests' edges. It is a resident of New Guinea and Papua New Guinea.
 Acanthocobitis pavonacea is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acanthocobitis.
 The Green Dragontail (Lamproptera meges) is a species of swallowtail (Papilionidae family) found in parts of South Asia and Southeast Asia. There are ten subspecies. A specimen from Java is the type species of the genus.
 Clinus heterodon the Westcoast klipfish is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Namibia to South Africa where it is a denizen of tide pools. This species can reach a maximum length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL. This species feeds on marine invertebrates.
 Pangshura is a genus of geoemydid turtles found in South Asia. Its members were formerly in the obsolete genus Kachuga. A fifth member Pangshura tatrotia was described in 2010 but it is only known from Pliocene fossils.
 Sisurcana batalloana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The wingspan is about 29 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream brownish with cream parts suffused and strigulated with brown. The hindwings are cream tinged with brownish in the apical third and with weak brownish strigulation.
 Trichromia furva is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana and Surinam.
 Turbonilla archeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Lauterborniella is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Crypsiptya is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Zelleria memorella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 Ethmia phricotype is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Cingulina trisulcata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Bellulia antemediana is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from western Thailand.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewing is brown. The hindwing is light grey with an indistinct discal spot. The underside is unicolorous grey with a small discal spot on the hindwing.
 The Smoky Warbler (Phylloscopus fuligiventer) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Myanmar and Nepal.
 Farlowella platorynchus is a species of armored catfish that occurs in the Amazon basin of Brazil and Peru. This species grows to a length of 19.4 centimetres (7.6 in) SL.
 Diplulmaris antarctica is a species of jellyfish in the family Ulmaridae.
 Patagornis is an extinct genus of giant flightless predatory birds of the family Phorusrhacidae or terror birds that lived in Argentina.
 Conus broderipii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Chrysosomopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Duthie's golden mole (Chlorotalpa duthieae) is a species of mammal in the Chrysochloridae family. It is endemic to South Africa. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna temperate grassland arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas and introduced vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia selinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Japan through the Amur Region Siberia the Urals Caucasus and Russia to western Europe and from southern Fennoscandia to the Alps.The wingspan is 19–22 mm. The fore- and hindwings are dark greyish brown.
 Antarchaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coleophora kautzi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the Mediterranean Region and southern Russia.The larvae feed on Alyssum minus and Alyssum montanum. They create a bivalved composite leaf case of about 15 mm with a mouth angle of about 30°. The case is mostly light brown although the rear end is dark brown.
 Lecithocera serena is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Calconiscellus is a genus of crustacean in family Trichoniscidae. One species C. gotscheensis is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.
 Aethes williana the Silver Carrot Conch is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe Trans-Caspia Asia Minor Mongolia north-western Africa and Iran. It is found in dry sandy and chalky habitats.The wingspan is 13–17 mm. Adults are on wing from May to early August.The larvae feed on Daucus carota Helichrysum arenarium Helichrysum stoechas Eryngium campestre Eryngium maritimum Gnaphalium species and Ferula communis.
 Mordellistena lucida is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1990 by Batten.
 Pterynotus loebbeckei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Chicoreus jessicae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Divellomelon is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 The Sculptured seamoth (Pegasus lancifer) is a species of fish in the Pegasidae family.
 Starksia leucovitta the Whitesaddle blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny only known to occur on the reefs around Navassa Island in the Caribbean Sea where it can be found from near the surface to a depth of 30 metres (98 ft). This species can reach a length of 2.5 centimetres (0.98 in) SL.
 The Rana Marsupial (Gastrotheca testudinea) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Bolivia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhadinopasa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing one species Rhadinopasa hornimani which is known from lowland forest from Gabon Cameroon and the Central African Republic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo to Uganda and Tanzania.The length of the forewings is 65 mm for males. Females are somewhat larger darker and have more rounded wings. The head and body are pale orange brown.
 Sympistis amenthes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Washington to Oregon and from the east slope of Cascade Mountains to Northwestern Nevada at altitudes of 2600 to 5600 feet.The wingspan is 28–36 mm. Adults are on wing in September.
 The Common Whitethroat (Sylvia communis) is a common and widespread typical warbler which breeds throughout Europe and across much of temperate western Asia. This small passerine bird is strongly migratory and winters in tropical Africa Arabia and Pakistan.This is one of several Sylvia species that has distinct male and female plumages. Both sexes are mainly brown above and buff below with chestnut fringes to the secondary remiges. The adult male has a grey head and a white throat.
 Homalocephala texensis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae.
 Metellina is a genus of tetragnathid spiders that occurs mostly in Eurasia with two species found in North America. M. segmentata was introduced to Canada.Some researchers consider this genus to belong to a distinct family the Metidae.M. segmentata is probably the most abundant orb-weaving spider of Germany.
 Castulo plagiata the Yellow-banded Footman is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania).The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adult males have black forewings with a yellow band across the middle. The hindwings are yellow with variable black margins.
 Brachytoma is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Mottled Tree Frog (Philautus poecilius) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Fraternal Fruit-eating Bat (Artibeus fraterculus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Cosmopterix citrinopa is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Peru (Amazonas Lima).Adults were collected in March and August.
 Agrapha orbifer is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on La Réunion.
 Hypercompe kennedyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerias).
 Deretrachys pellitus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Kirsch in 1889.
 Saurita watsoni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Panama.
 Echinolittorina natalensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Prionurus laticlavius is a tropical fish found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific Ocean. It is commonly known as the Razor surgeonfish. It is sometimes used in aquariums.
 Pediasia epineurus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in southern Russia as well as in Minussinsk the Altai and Turkestan
 Symphlebia nigranalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1915. It is found in Brazil.
 Trichosternus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trichosternus angulosus Chaudoir 1878 Trichosternus fax Darlington 1962 Trichosternus fisheri Darlington 1962 Trichosternus frater Darlington 1962 Trichosternus montorum Darlington 1962 Trichosternus mutatus Darlington 1962 Trichosternus nudipes Darlington 1962 Trichosternus perater Sloane 1923 Trichosternus relictus Darlington 1953 Trichosternus renardi (Chaudoir 1865) Trichosternus simplicipes Sloane 1923 Trichosternus soror Darlington 1953 Trichosternus subvirens (Chaudoir 1865) Trichosternus vigorsi (Gory 1833)↑
 Gastromyzon crenastus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Hyperolius robustus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Synodus lobeli Lobel's lizardfish is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Northwest Pacific Ocean.
 Plecoptera quaesita is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka Burma Andamans Borneo Northern Moluccas and Australia.
 Bicyclus jefferyi Jeffrey’s Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda Burundi western Tanzania Kenya (west of the Rift Valley) and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of meadows or clearings inside or near semi-montane forests.
 Alvania is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 Aegle semicana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Esper in 1798. It is found in Austria Italy Hungary former Yugoslavia Romania Bulgaria Albania Greece Turkey Russia Libya Egypt Syria Iraq Iran and Israel as well as on Sardinia Sicily Malta and Cyprus.The wingspan is 24–26 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September.The larvae feed on Delphinium species.
 Metopograpsus is a genus of crabs containing the following extant species:Metopograpsus frontalis Miers 1880Metopograpsus latifrons (White 1847)Metopograpsus messor (Forsskål 1775)Metopograpsus oceanicus (Hombron & Jacquinot 1846)Metopograpsus quadridentatus Stimpson 1858Metopograpsus thukuhar (Owen 1839)A further extinct species is known.
 Tragidion annulatum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1858.
 Epidesma demonis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama and Peru.
 Perpolita is a subgenus (of Nesovitrea) or genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Oxychilidae.
 Micrixalus is a genus of frogs from that are endemic to India. They are monotypic within family Micrixalidae. Before being raised to the family level it was considered to be subfamily Micrixalinae in Ranidae. Both the genus and the family are sometimes known by the ambiguous common name tropical frogs.The family is characterized by having a pectoral girdle that is firmisternal and tadpoles having a single row of labial teeth. They are found in riverine habitats in forests.
 Xylophanes pistacina is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Nicaragua south to Brazil and west to Bolivia Paraguay and Argentina.The wingspan is 75-87 mm. The upperside of the abdomen has no lines. The ground colour is generally greenish-buff although some individuals are much greener. The subbasal and antemedian lines are vestigial the two distal lines forming a band at the apex of the discal cell.
 Palpusia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Anarta sabulorum is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North Africa the Near East and Middle East Central Asia Western China and Mongolia.Adults are on wing from January to April. There is one generation per year.
 Abisara fylloides is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Asia.It was the first butterfly species of the Riodinidae family to have its mitochindrial DNA sequenced. The mitochondrial DNA has 15301 base pairs.
 Kessler's Thrush or White-backed Thrush (Turdus kessleri) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in Bhutan China India and Nepal.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate shrubland.
 Altagonum scapha is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.
 Schwartz's catfish Corydoras schwartzi is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in inland waters in South America and is found in the Purus River basin in Brazil.The fish will grow in length up to 1.5 inches (3.9 centimeters). It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0 - 8.0 pH a water hardness of 2 - 25 dGH and a temperature range of 72 - 79 °F (22 - 26 °C).
 The Philippine Toad (Ingerophrynus philippinicus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland intermittent rivers swamps freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes intertidal marches arable land plantations rural gardens urban areas water storage areas ponds aquaculture ponds and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Rhagoletis blanchardi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Ussara semicoronis is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from Ethiopia.
 Loxaspilates nakajimai is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Sun Chariot (foaled 1939 in Ireland) was a good Thoroughbred racehorse that won the Fillies Triple Crown series of races.She was bred by the National Stud and raced for King George VI. Sun Chariot was a filly of great talent but very difficult temperament. Before she ever appeared on a racecourse she displayed such a lack of promise that she was nearly returned to Ireland where the stud then was.
 Polydontes acutangula is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.
 The White-throated Tinamou (Tinamus guttatus) is a species of bird native to the Amazon rainforest of Brazil northern Bolivia southeastern Colombia northeastern Ecuador eastern Peru and southern Venezuela.
 Acraea ventura is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Malawi Tanzania Zambia the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola Uganda Rwanda Burundi and Kenya. The habitat consists of marshy areas.The larvae feed on Cassia species.
 Acrolophus erethismia is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Tripteridia fulgurans is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Epidirona quoyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Mexican Woodnymph (Thalurania ridgwayi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family and is endemic to western Mexico.Its habitats include subtropical or tropical moist lowland/foothill forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss. It has been considered conspecific with the Crowned Woodnymph of Central and northern South America.
 Arcte is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudocomotis citroleuca is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Chrysotoxum festivum is a species of hoverfly.
 Phrynoponera transversa has been discovered and described by Bolton B. & Fisher B. L. in 2008.
 The Flock Bronzewing (Phaps histrionica) also known as the Flock Pigeon Harlequin Bronzewing and the Harlequin Pigeon is a species of pigeon in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to drier parts of Australia.
 Pseudopaludicola riopiedadensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Sinotympana incomparabilis is a new species of cicada from southern China that was discovered among a group of unidentified specimens in the Institut Royal des Sciences Naturelles de Belgique in Brussels. It is the only species in the genus Sinotympana.
 The short-headed roundleaf bat (Hipposideros breviceps) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae endemic to Indonesia.
 Netrocerocora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ziegleria is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Charlie Boy (March 4 1955 – 1968) was a beloved Thoroughbred race horse in New England during the 1960s.
 Monnecles apollinarii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Monnecles.
 Eudonia philerga is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 Tonyosynthemis claviculata more commonly known as the Clavicle Tigertail is a species of dragonfly. They are commonly found in Queensland Australia along Australian streams and rivers or near the eastern Australian coast and drainage basins.
 Comibaena punctaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.The wingspan is 23 mm.
 Epicrocis nigricans is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in South Africa.
 Joculator ovatus is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Laseron in 1956.
 The Short-winged Green Grasshopper (Dichromorpha viridis) is a common species of slant-faced grasshoppers found in North America.
 Mescinia texanica is a species of snout moths in the genus Mescinia. It was described by Neunzig in 1997 and is known from Texas (from which its species epithet is derived) and California.
 Gymnocarena is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 The Hemiphragmoceratidae is a family of endogastrically brevconic oncocerids characterized by elaborately visored apertures in which the hyponomic sinus in mature specimens is on a spout-like process and there may be lateral and dorsal salients. (Sweet 1964 Flower 1950). Shells are compressed with the apical portion curved and the anterior straight.
 Taenioides is a genus of gobies native to fresh brackish and marine waters of the coastal areas of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Eusimplex is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Neptuneopsis gilchristi common name the Gilchrist's volute is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Pericyma metaleuca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa and the Near East and is known from Ethiopia Kenya Mauritania Oman Saudi Arabia Somalia  Tanzania and Yemen.It has a wingspan of approx. 24mm.
 Alsodes norae is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family found in Chile. Its natural habitats are various rain forests.
 Neoxanthops is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Neoxanthops lineatus (A. Milne-Edwards 1867) Neoxanthops quadrilobatus (Sakai 1939) Neoxanthops rotundus Guinot 1968↑
 Tetrathemis is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae.The genus contains the following species:Tetrathemis camerunensis (Sjöstedt 1900)Tetrathemis corduliformis Longfield 1936Tetrathemis denticauda Fraser 1954Tetrathemis flavescens Kirby 1889Tetrathemis fraseri Legrand 1977Tetrathemis godiardi Lacroix 1921Tetrathemis irregularis Brauer 1868 - Rainforest ElfTetrathemis leptoptera Selys 1877Tetrathemis longfieldae Legrand 1977Tetrathemis platyptera Selys 1878Tetrathemis polleni (Selys 1877) - Black-splashed ElfTetrathemis ruwensoriensis Fraser 1941Tetrathemis victoriae (Pinhey 1963)Tetrathemis yerburi Kirby 1893↑ ↑ ↑
 Lipolagus ochotensis the Eared blacksmelt is a species of deep-sea smelt found in the Pacific Ocean down to depths of 6100 metres (20000 ft). This species grows to a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) SL.
 Acco fasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and van Mastrigt in 2007. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya).
 Ectoedemia molybditis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1877. It is known from Colombia.
 Scriptaphyosemion is a genus of African rivulines endemic to Africa.
 Ubaena is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Walnut Sphinx (Amorpha juglandis) is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is native to North America where it is distributed from the Atlantic Ocean to the Rocky Mountains in Canada and the United States.The wingspan is 45–75 mm. The adult moth is nocturnal active mainly during the early hours of the night.The caterpillar feeds on alder (Alnus) hickory (Carya) hazelnut (Corylus) beech (Fagus) walnut (Juglans) and hop-hornbeam (Ostrya) species.
 Lithophane venusta is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan Japan and Nepal.The wingspan is 36–39 mm.
 Aemona is a genus of nymphalid butterfly from southeast Asia they are large yellow-brown butterflies.
 Acheilognathus macropterus is a species of cyprinid fish native to China and northern Vietnam. It grows to a length of 27.5 centimetres (10.8 in) SL.
 Acronicta major is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Korean Peninsula China to Tibet Japan the Russian Far East (Primorye Khabarovsk Amur region Sakhalin southern Kuriles) southern Siberia (Altai) northern India and Nepal.
 Didymoctenia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Carposina atronotata is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Leptostylus paulus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Hoffmann in 1981.
 Eucereon rogersi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Costa Rica Panama as well as on Guadeloupe and St. Kitts.
 Zabrus aetolus is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
 Marasmarcha iranica is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Iran.The wingspan is 20-24 mm.
 Tridentopsis is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.
 Euryglottis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Lichida is an order of typically spiny trilobite that lived from the Tremadocian to the Devonian period. These trilobites usually have 8–13 thoracic segments. Their exoskeletons often have a grainy texture or have tubercles. Some species are extraordinarily spiny having spiny thoracic segments that are as long or longer than the entire body from cephalon (head) to pygidium (tail). The sections of the pygidia are leaf-like in shape and also typically end in spines.
 Tribonyx is a small genus containing two species of birds in the rail family that is sometimes lumped with the moorhens in Gallinula. It is endemic to Australia. Described species are: T. ventralis (Gould 1837) – Black-tailed Nativehen T. mortierii Du Bus de Gisignies 1840 – Tasmanian Nativehen↑
 Platygyra is a genus of stony corals in the Faviidae family.
 Hogna is a genus of wolf spiders with more than 200 described species. It is found on all continents except Antarctica.
 Psychomorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chedra mimica is a moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is described from Oahu and Hawaii but is possibly an immigrant.The wingspan is 6.5-12 mm. It is mostly straw-colored flecked or marked with brown and fuscous.The larvae feed on Eragrostis species. They bore in the stems and flower heads of their host plant.
 Brotulinella taiwanensis the Taiwan coral-brotula is a species of viviparous brotula the only known member of its genus found found mostly in the surge zone of the waters around Taiwan and the Philippines where it lives amongst rocks. This species grows to a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) SL.
 Eupithecia impolita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shansi).
 Stenoptilia pinkeri is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Turkey.The wingspan is 16-24 mm.
 Trachycystis haygarthi is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to South Africa. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudaneitea sorenseni is a leaf-veined slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae.
 Fusinus crassiplicatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Perciana marmorea is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Ceglusa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single species C. polita is endemic to Burma.The species was described in 1895 from a single female which is five millimeters long. No drawings exist and no studies were published on it since.
 The Black-faced Cotinga (Conioptilon mcilhennyi) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is the only member of the genus Conioptilon.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Mitrella guerreiroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Smaragdina salicina is a species of short-horned leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae subfamily Clytrinae.This leaf beetle lives in Europe in the East Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East.The adults are 4.5–6.5 millimetres (0.18–0.26 in) long.
 Ceratoxanthis iberica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Spain where it has been recorded from the Iberian Mountains.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous yellowish. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
 Cosmoclostis chalconota is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Uganda.
 The Raggiana Bird-of-paradise (Paradisaea raggiana) also known as Count Raggi's Bird-of-paradise is a large bird in the bird-of-paradise family Paradisaeidae.It is distributed widely in southern and northeastern New Guinea where its name is kumul. It is also known as cenderawasih.
 The Malagasy serotine (Neoromicia matroka) is a species of vesper bat.It is found only in Madagascar.
 Carabus albrechti freyi is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Sado Island of Japan.
 The Chilean eagle ray (Myliobatis chilensis) is a species of fish in the Myliobatidae family. Found off the coasts of Chile and Peru its natural habitat is open seas.
 Cassis tessellata common name : the West African helmet is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 Phractura is a genus of loach catfishes (order Siluriformes) that occur in Africa.Phractura species are elongated fish with a long caudal peduncle and bony scutes on the sides back and belly. Phractura species are often associated with vegetation. Phractura species like other genera in Doumeinae have a mouth modified into a suckermouth that allows it to clean to the objects and scrape the surface of the substrate.
 Brenthia leucatoma is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and South Africa.
 Tonna lischkeana is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Trypeta caloptera is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Sinai Baton Blue butterfly (Pseudophilotes sinaicus) one of the world's smallest butterflies lives only on mountainside patches of wild thyme in an arid corner of the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt called Saint Katherine's Protectorate.
 Mordella suturalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1863.
 The small hive beetle (Aethina tumida) is a beekeeping pest.Endemic to sub-Saharan Africa the small hive beetle Aethina tumida was first discovered in the United States in 1996 and has now spread to many U.S. states including Georgia South Carolina North Carolina Michigan Pennsylvania New Jersey Ohio Illinois Minnesota Maryland Missouri New York Connecticut Virginia and Hawaii. The small hive beetle has become established in the state of Texas as well.
 The Banded Mountain Loach (Acanthocobitis urophthalma) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Nemacheilidae family.It is found only in Sri Lanka.
 The Kangaroo Island dunnart (Sminthopsis aitkeni) is a dark sooty-grey coloured dunnart species first described in 1969 with paler underparts of its body. It has an average body length of 170mm-198mm a snout to anus length of 80-93 mm a tail measurement of 90-105 mm a hind foot of 17.5mm ear length of 18mm and a weight which varies between 20-25 grams. The thin tail has the same colouring.
 The Common Smoky Honeyeater (Melipotes fumigatus) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. It is one of four species in the genus Melipotes all closely related and forming a superspecies.
 Monojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Stomiahykus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Helios (/ˈhiːli.ɒs/; Ancient Greek: Ἥλιος Hēlios; Latinized as Helius; Ἠέλιος in Homeric Greek) was the personification of the Sun in Greek mythology. Homer often calls him Titan or Hyperion while Hesiod (Theogony 371) and the Homeric Hymn separate him as a son of the Titans Hyperion and Theia (Hesiod) or Euryphaessa (Homeric Hymn) and brother of the goddesses Selene the moon and Eos the dawn.
 Brachyrhynchocyon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae (bear dogs) of the suborder Caniformia.
 Securicula gora is a species of cyprinid fish found in Bangladesh India Pakistan and possibly in Nepal. It is the only species in its genus.
 Caeneressa diaphana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found from India to southern China Taiwan and Sundaland.The wingspan is 38–45 mm. The wings of the males are mostly transparent except for a black bar at the end of the forewing cell and an irregular black apical zone. In females the apical zone of both wings is more extensive and the bar at the end of the cell is broader more irregular with a narrow black band connecting it with a marginal black area.
 The Cisseis Morpho (Morpho cisseis) is a large Neotropical butterfly found in the southern and western Amazon in Bolivia Colombia Peru Ecuador and Brazil. It includes several subspecies but has itself sometimes been treated as a subspecies of the Sunset Morpho. Both are highly valued by collectors.
 Hypocrita strigifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Brazil.
 Xylophis is a small genus of colubrid snakes. There are three species that are all endemic to southern India.
 Antillophos dedonderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Springtails (Collembola) form the largest of the three lineages of modern hexapods that are no longer considered insects (the other two are the Protura and Diplura).
 The Colona Moth (Haploa colona) is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from south-eastern Virginia south to Florida and west to Texas.The wingspan is 40-58 mm. The forewings are white with a number of brown markings. The hindwings and abdomen are sulphur yellow. The larvae feed on a wide range of plants but mainly deciduous shrubs and trees such as Malus Fraxinus and Celtis species. They are dark brown to black with large bluish tubercles and broken stripes.
 Terebra intemnuscyra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Gargettoscrancia is a monotypic genus of moths in the family of Notodontidae that consists of only one species: Gargettoscrancia albolineata.It is found in Equatorial Guinea and Ivory Coast.
 Oliva reticulata common name the blood olive is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Prochlidonia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Maxia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hyposmocoma exaltata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala.
 Oxyloma haydeni is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae the amber snails. A subspecies of this species is protected after having been recognized as Endangered.
 Eugnathogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh brackish and marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean region.
 Vertigo occulta is a species of minute land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Bithia modesta is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Mcdonald's Frog (Cophixalus mcdonaldi) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euchromius superbellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Italy Croatia Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Albania Greece Russia Transcaucasia Turkey and Armenia.
 Pseudotomoxia mosseliana is a species of beetle in the Pseudotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1965 by Francisco.
 Nahara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Limnaecia cirrhozona is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.Adults have blackish forewings and transverse white or orange markings.
 Hoplopleura oryzomydis is a sucking louse that is known from the southern United States Nicaragua Panama and Venezuela. It is known from several oryzomyine rodents: the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) O. couesi Handleyomys alfaroi Transandinomys talamancae Melanomys caliginosus and Sigmodontomys alfari.
 Eois plumbeofusa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Calathosoma rubromarginatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Calathosoma.
 Inquisitor latifasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Elachista sarota is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Elachista sabulella is a moth of the Elachistidae family which is indigenous to California. The name of the species is derived from the Latin sabulum meaning gravel or sand.The length of its forewings is 6 millimetres (0.24 in) and they are rather narrow and elongated light grey in color and densely dusted with brownish grey tips of scales. The hindwings are grey and the underside of the wings is also grey.
 Odostomia hyphala is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Pichincha oldfield mouse (Thomasomys vulcani) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is present in the Cordillera Occidental of the Andes of Ecuador where its habitats include shrubby páramo and montane forest. It is nocturnal and terrestrial. The specific and common names are references to Pichincha Volcano on whose slopes the species was discovered at an elevation of 3500 m. The mouse is threatened by conversion of its limited habitat to agricultural use.
 Didymops is a genus of dragonflies of the Macromiidae family. The genus contains only two species:Didymops floridensis Davis 1921 – Florida CruiserDidymops transversa (Say 1840) – Stream Cruiser↑ ↑
 Charaxes murphyi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in northern Zambia and the south-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of riverine forests.
 Tenualosa is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family. There are currently five recognized species in this genus.
 Odorrana anlungensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Phymorhynchus clarinda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Aulotarache is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lioberus is a genus of mussels in the family Mytilidae.
 Archips naltarica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Jammu and Kashmir).The wingspan is about 23 millimetres (0.91 in) for females and about 20 mm for males. The ground colour of the forewings is glossy cream with an indistinct pinkish hue. The hindwings are cream orange but paler basally. Males are darker than females and have more brown markings.
 Odostomia pagodiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Trypeta amabilis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The baldchin groper Choerodon rubescens is a species of wrasse endemic to Western Australia where it occurs on coral and weed-grown rocky reefs. This species can reach a length of 90 cm (35 in).
 Rasbora sumatrana is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Bicyclus nobilis the Noble Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wetter forests of good quality.
 Macrosaccus is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Acrolophus granulatella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Geitodoris joubini is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Mompha locupletella is a moth in the Momphidae family that can be found in northern Europe and mountainous areas in central and southern Europe up to north-western Spain. In the east the range extends to Zabaykalsky Krai and the Kuriles.The wingspan is 9–12 millimetres (0.35–0.47 in). There are generally two generations per year although there is only one in the north. Adults of the first generation are on wing from the second half of May to the beginning of July.
 The Madagascan Buzzard (Buteo brachypterus) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Papuacola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dysbatus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Prodasineura is a genus of damselflies in the family Protoneuridae. It contains the following species:
 Coleophora tshiligella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia.
 Chloroclystis dentatissima is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa on the Kei Islands (Indonesia) in Sri Lanka and the Cocos Keeling Islands.
 The Aeluropis Skipper or Montane Iris Skipper (Mesodina aeluropis) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is endemic to New South Wales.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The larvae feed on Patersonia sericea. They construct a cylindrical shelter made from joined leaves of its host plant where it rests during the day.
 Mordella subdola is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Turbonilla enna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Prodyscherodes pauliani is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Prodyscherodes.
 Cosmosoma tigris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Venezuela.
 The Pinnated Bittern (Botaurus pinnatus) also known as the South American Bittern is a large member of the heron family (Ardeidae) found in the New World tropics. Like the other Botaurus bitterns its plumage is mostly buffy-brown and cryptically patterned. Though it is a widespread species it is rarely seen – presumably due to its skulking habits – and much about its life history remains little known.
 Flammona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Fiordland Crested Penguin (Eudyptes pachyrhynchus) also known as Tawaki (Maori) is a species of crested penguin from New Zealand. It breeds along the Fiordland coast and its outlying islands as well as on Stewart Island/Rakiura.
 Lyria brianoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Eutropis andamanensis is a species of skink found in the Andaman Islands of India.
 Mnematidium is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Choreutis chalcotoxa is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Tonga.
 Paroxoplus poecilus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 The family Theraphosidae is divided up into 10 subfamilies as follows.
 Gnaphosa limbata is a ground spider species found in Norway.
 Eurynora antepallida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1922.
 Mazarunia is a genus of cichlids from the Mazaruni River a tributary of the Essequibo River in Guyana. They are dwarf cichlids that do not surpass 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) in length.
 Altagonum paralimbus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.
 Eurithia anthophila is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Odonthalitus conservanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Jalisco).The length of the forewings is 5 mm for males and 6.5-6.8 mm for females. The forewings are whitish with brown reticulations. The hindwings are light grey brown with darker grey brown mottling.
 Uromunna sheltoni is a species of isopod first described by Brian Kensley in 1977. U. sheltoni is included in the genus Uromunna and family Munnidae. No subspecies are listed. The species was first collected by Peter Shelton of the University of Cape Town for whom it is named.
 Siphonochelus pentaphasios is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Agrotis arenivolans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Maui East Maui and Hawaii.
 Muricopsis (Muricopsis) haidari is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Yellow-crowned Gonolek (Laniarius barbarus) also known as the Common Gonolek is a medium-sized passerine bird in the bushshrike family. It is a common resident breeding bird in equatorial Africa from Senegal and Democratic Republic of Congo east to Ethiopia.It frequents dense undergrowth in forests and other wooded habitats. It is not as extremely shy as some other bushshrikes and can sometimes be seen on watered hotel lawns.
 Chlorozancla is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Stigmella porphyreuta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1917 and is endemic to Natal South Africa.
 Sydeston (foaled 1985) was one of the best racehorses to come out of Tasmania in the history of Australian racing and easily the best to do so in the modern era. After winning a number of races in his home state the plain brown gelding was transferred to Bob Hoysted in the middle of 1989.
 Osteodiscus is a genus of snailfishes native to the Pacific Ocean.
 The sailfin corydoras (Corydoras macropterus / Scleromystax macropterus) bigfin corydoras or largefin corydoras is a subtropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in coastal rivers in South America and is found from São Paulo to Santa Catarina Brazil and some upper Paraná River tributaries. It was originally described by C. Tate Regan in 1913.The fish will grow in length up to 3.4 inches (8.7 centimeters).
 The Aipocerataceae is a superfamily within the Order Nautilida characterized by rapidly expanding smooth to ribbed cyrtoconic to coiled shells with rounded or sometimes dorsally flattened or impressed whorls nearly straight sutures and a ventral and marginal siphuncle. Septal necks are orthochoantic ventrally and orthochoantic or cyrtochoanitic dorsally. (Kummel 1964 p.
 Yirrkala insolitus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 1999.
 Kosswigichthys is a genus of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It contains the following species: scaleless killifish (Kosswigichthys asquamatus)
 Pasiphila suffusa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Orange-breasted Waxbill or Zebra Waxbill (Amandava subflava) is a small (approximately 9 cm long) sparrow-like bird with a reddish iris orange breast red bill and dark olive-green plumage. The male has a red rump dark bars on the whitish flank and a scarlet eyebrow stripe. The female is duller and smaller than male; it lacks the male's red eyebrow.The Orange-breasted Waxbill is found in grassland and savannas south of the Sahara in Africa.
 Ortalis fenestrata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Lystrophis is the genus of tricolored South American hognose snakes.They mimic milk snakes or coral snakes with their red black and white ringed patterns.
 Megalobatrachonema is a nematode genus. Species of this genus are parasites of a number of amphibians including the rough-skinned newt.
 Cyphoma arturi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Pseudoclasseya is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Evechinus chloroticus better known as kina (from the Māori name) is a sea urchin endemic to New Zealand. This echinoderm belongs to the family Echinometridae and it can reach a maximum diameter of 16–17 cm (Barker 2007).This species has been fished commercially since 1986 in small quantities under the quota management system in restricted areas along the coast of New Zealand (Barker 2007 James et al.2007). Attempts to export E.
 Copibryophila is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The slender giant moray or gangetic moray Strophidon sathete is the longest member of the family of moray eels. Specimens as large as 4 m have been recorded. This species is characterized by an elongated body as well as brownish-grey dorsal coloration which pales towards the venter.
 Scaptesyle incerta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Coretta (foaled February 11 1994 in Ireland) is a Thoroughbred racemare who competed in the United States. She was bred and raced by Gerald Leigh proprietor of England's Eydon Hall Stud. Leigh owned and bred her dam Free At Last who was a daughter of the 1978 Epsom and Irish Derby winner Shirley Heights.
 Denticetopsis iwokrama is a species of whale catfish endemic to Guyana where it is only known from the type locality in the Siparuni River basin. This species grows to a length of 4.3 cm (1.7 inches).
 The giant forest hog (Hylochoerus meinertzhageni – the only member of its genus) is native to wooded habitats in Africa and generally is considered the largest wild member of the Suidae pig family; a few subspecies of the wild boar can reach an even larger size. Despite its large size and relatively wide distribution it was first described only in 1904.
 Oodinkosa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oodinkosa crassula Straneo 1939 Oodinkosa massarti (Burgeon 1935) Oodinkosa punctulata Straneo 1951↑
 Lasiophila is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae found in South America.
 Mordella fruhstorferi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Eudryas grata is a moth known as the beautiful wood nymph. The caterpillars are known to feed on the Virginia creeper (Parthenocissus quinquefolia).
 Olivaichthys cuyanus is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Argentina where it is found in the Colorado River and tributaries as well as the Desaguadero-Salado basin. It grows to a length of 21.8 centimetres (8.6 in) SL.
 Yunnanilus caohaiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 The Bardee or Bardy or Bardi Grub or Rain Moth or Waikerie (Trictena atripalpis) is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in the whole southern half of Australia.The caterpillar is used extensively by fishermen as bait. This is where the common name Bardee Bardi Badee or Bargi grub is derived from. This name is also used for the larva of the beetle Bardistus cibarius Cerambycid species as well as various ground dwelling and wood boring moth larvae.
 The Stripe-headed Sparrow (Peucaea ruficauda) is an American sparrow which breeds from Pacific coastal southwestern Mexico including the transverse ranges Cordillera Neovolcanica to pacific coastal northern Costa Rica.This common bird is found in lowlands up to 1800 metres (5900 ft) altitude in the north of its range and 800 metres (2600 ft) in Costa Rica.
 Boehm's gerbil Gerbilliscus boehmi is a species of gerbil found in Angola Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna and arable land.
 Theraphosa is a genus of tarantula spiders of South America. The three species of the genus are large.
 Alex is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Barrellus femoratus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Barrellus.
 The subfamily Tettigoniinae also called shield-backed katydids contains hundreds of species with 123 in North America. It is part of the family Tettigoniidae.
 Bulimulus alethorhytidus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador.
 Meiacanthus abditus the Upside-down Harptail Blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found around the Sulu Archipelago in the Philippines. This species grows to a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) TL.
 Athetis thoracica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found all over the Indo-Australian and Pacific tropics. It was first recorded from Hawaii in the early 1900s. It is believed to have been accidentally introduced from Fiji.
 The mottle-faced tamarin Saguinus inustus is a species of tamarin from South America. It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
 Zeadmete otagoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Crasimorpha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The wall crab spiders (family Selenopidae) are members of a group of families collectively called crab spiders because of their laterigrade (sideways-moving) legs. This family consists of about 175 species in four genera of which Selenops is the best known. The family is primarily tropical with the genus Anyphops confined to Sub-Saharan Africa and the genus Hovops confined to Madagascar. The spiders are very flat and are commonly found on walls or under rocks.
 Linyphiidae is a family of very small spiders including more than 4300 described species in 578 genera worldwide. This makes Linyphiidae the second largest family of spiders after the Salticidae. New species are still being discovered throughout the world and the family is poorly known. Because of the difficulty in identifying such tiny spiders there are regular changes in taxonomy as species are combined or divided.
 Conus biraghii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Amaxia erythrophleps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in the upper Amazon Basin.
 Periparus is a genus of birds in the tit family that as defined here consists of the following species:Rufous-naped Tit Black-breasted Tit or Dark-grey Tit Periparus rufonuchalisRufous-vented Tit Periparus rubidiventrisPalawan Tit Periparus amabilisYellow-bellied Tit Periparus venustulusElegant Tit Periparus elegansCoal Tit Periparus aterAll occur in Asia; the Coal Tit also has a wide range in Europe and North Africa.
 The Boarmiini (also often called Cleorini) are a large tribe of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily.
 Rhodoleptus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Rhodoleptus comis (Bates 1892) Rhodoleptus femoratus (Schaeffer 1909) Rhodoleptus nigripennis Giesbert 1993 Rhodoleptus umbrosus Chemsak & Linsley 1982↑
 The wreathed cactus snail scientific name Xerarionta redimita is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helminthoglyptidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Babelomurex fax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mysolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Platyparea is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Bombyx rotundapex is a moth of the Bombycidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Gulella inconspicua is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Arunamalaia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Hypopalpis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Stigmella splendidissimella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Scandinavia to Italy and from Ireland to the Crimea. It is not found in the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 4–6 millimetres (0.16–0.24 in).The larvae feed on Agrimonia Fragaria Filipendula Geum urbanum Potentilla anserina Rubus caesius Rubus fruticosus and Rubus idaeus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Labeo bata is fish in genus Labeo. It is commonly known as bata and is a native fish to Bangladesh. It is a popular game fish and is popular for its taste. It lives in ponds rivers etc. Its maximum length is 25–35 centimetres (9.8–13.8 in). It eats protozoa algae and tiny fishes. It is a slow-moving fish so with any active and aggressive it will be nervous.
 The genus Deilephila is part of the family Sphingidae the hawk-moths or sphinxes. It consists of a small number of species most of which have common names involving the phrase Elephant hawk moth. They include the Elephant hawk moth Deilephila elpenor the Small Elephant Hawk Moth (D. porcellus) and the Chitral Elephant Hawk Moth (D. rivularis). The Oleander Hawk Moth is sometimes classified in this genus as D.
 Ypsolopha semitessella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Croatia and Macedonia.
 The showy leopard frog Lithobates spectabilis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater lakes and water storage areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Borneogena is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Enallagma dubium is a damselfly in the Coenagrionidae family. It occurs across twelve U.S. states (Alabama Delaware Florida Georgia Louisiana Maryland Mississippi North Carolina Oklahoma South Carolina Texas Virginia) and is classified as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List. E. dubium was first described in 1924 by Francis Metcalf Root.
 The Buru babirusa (Babyrousa babyrussa) also known as the Moluccan babirusa golden babirusa or hairy babirusa is a wild pig-like animal native to the island of Buru and the two Sula Islands of Mangole and Taliabu all belonging to Indonesia. Traditionally this relatively small species included the other babirusas as subspecies but it has been recommended treating them as separate species based on differences in their morphology.
 Pseudopostega saltatrix is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1897. It was described from St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands but has an extremely wide range from Cuba to Dominica in the West Indies south from Belize to Ecuador French Guiana and Paraguay.The length of the forewings is 2.1–3.1 mm. In Costa Rica adults have been collected throughout the year.
 Dorithia crucifer is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Echeclus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Its only described species E. concinnus is endemic to Malaysia.The species was originally described by Thorell from a single male specimen from Penang. It is preserved in the Museo Civico of Genoa. Another male specimen was found in Johor by Frances and John Murphy.
 The tattlers are the two very similar bird species in the shorebird genus Tringa. They formerly had their own genus Heteroscelus. The old genus name means different leg in Greek referring to the leg scales that differentiate the tattlers from their close relatives the shanks. The species are: Grey-tailed Tattler Tringa brevipes (formerly Heteroscelus brevipes) Wandering Tattler Tringa incana (formerly Heteroscelus incanus)Tattlers resemble a Common Redshank (T.
 Enyo is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae.
 Patelloida pseudopygmaea is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Siphona geniculata is a Palearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Delops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now England. It was described by Rickards in 1964 and the type species is Delops obtusicaudatus which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Salter in 1849. The type locality was the Middle Coldwell Beds.
 The Bridled Quail-Dove (Geotrygon mystacea) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is found in Antigua and Barbuda Dominica Guadeloupe Martinique Montserrat Netherlands Antilles Puerto Rico Saint Lucia the British Virgin Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Haptoderidius debeckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Haptoderidius.
 The Northern Rosella (Platycercus venustus) also known as Brown's Parakeet or Smutty Rosella is found in Australia's Top End. It is unusually coloured for a rosella with a dark crown and white cheeks similar to its relatives the Pale-headed Rosella and the Eastern Rosella.At 28 cm long it is smaller than all bar the Western Rosella. The forehead crown and nape are black in colour with white-on-blue cheek-patches.
 The Stenopodidea is a small group of decapod crustaceans. Often confused with shrimp or prawns they are neither but belong in a group closer to the reptant decapods such as lobsters and crabs. They may be easily recognised by their third pereiopod (walking leg) which is greatly enlarged. In the lobsters and crabs it is the first pereiopod that is much bigger than the others. There are 71 extant species currently recognised divided into 12 genera.
 The Red-necked Stint (Calidris ruficollis) is a small migratory wader.
 Depressaria millefoliella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France.
 Terebra evelynae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Pachliopta liris is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found on Timor Wetar Is. and Savu Is. The wingspan is 100–110 mm. The wings are dark-brown with red spots and white bands. The red spots are absent in females. The females are darker than the males.
 Ambulyx suluensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
 Beau's wrasse Cirrhilabrus beauperryi is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific ocean. This species can reach a standard length of 8.5 cm (3.3 in). It can be found at depths from 5 to 32 m (16 to 105 ft) most often between 6 and 12 m (20 and 39 ft). Its coloration varies ranging from light blue to pink. It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Tripteridia monochasma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Burtia cruenta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Cuba.
 Plagerepne is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family. It has been listed as a genus in the Noctuidae and Pyralidae by other authors.
 Blemmatia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Broscus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic the Nearctic the Near East and North Africa.
 Noack's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros ruber) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Niger Nigeria Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda and Zambia.
 Mordellistena laticornis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1939 by Ray.
 Fenimorea ustickei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Aristotle's catfish (Silurus aristotelis) is a species of fish in the Siluridae family. It is endemic to Greece where it occurs in the Acheloos River drainage. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss. This species grows to a length of 46 centimetres (18 in) TL and is of importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Agrilochyseus borgmeieri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Agrilochyseus.
 Rhampsinitus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Proceratophrys cururu is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The tanagers (sg. /ˈtænədʒər/) comprise the bird family Thraupidae in the order Passeriformes. The family has an American distribution. Thraupidae is the second largest family of birds and represents about 4% of all avian species and 12% of the Neotropical avifauna. There were traditionally about 240 species of tanagers but the taxonomic treatment of this family's members is currently in a state of flux.
 Pseudophaloe ninonia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Glipidiomorpha fahraei is a species of beetle in the Glipidiomorpha genus that is of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1975 by Maeklin.
 The panther chameleon (Furcifer pardalis) is a species of chameleon found in the eastern and northern parts of Madagascar in a tropical forest biome. Additionally it has been introduced to Réunion and Mauritius.
 The Scarlet-and-white Tanager (Chrysothlypis salmoni) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Caloptilia pyrrhaspis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Sichuan) Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 11–12 mm.The larvae feed on Betula dahurica Betula ermanii Betula grossa and Betula platyphylla. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The American Gray Flycatcher or just Gray Flycatcher (Empidonax wrightii) as it is known in North America is a small insectivorous passerine in the tyrant flycatcher family. It is common in the arid regions of western North America especially the Great Basin. From sagebrush steppes to pinyon-juniper woodlands and ponderosa pine forests this flycatcher forages for insects from shrubs or low tree branches.The Gray Flycatcher is one of many species in the genus Empidonax.
 Opsilia coerulescens is a gray coloured species of a beetle from family longhorn beetle subfamily Lamiinae.
 Udea murinalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Switzerland Austria and Italy.
 A rasbora is a member of a group of small minnow-type fish in the family Cyprinidae (carps). Fish from genera such as Boraras Microrasbora Rasbora and Trigonostigma are commonly referred to as rasboras. The genus Microrasbora may be more closely related to danios than other genera in this group while the genera Boraras and Trignonstigma were split from Rasbora.
 Priapodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nephelomys meridensis also known as the Mérida Oryzomys is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in cloud forest in the Sierra Nevada de Mérida of western Venezuela at elevations from 1500 to 3250 m. It is solitary nocturnal and terrestrial and has a varied diet.N. meridensis has thick fur which is about 11 mm long at the back. The color of the upperparts is rufous with brown on the head and becomes lighter towards the sides.
 Stygophalangium karamani is a species of arachnid. Although sometimes classified as a harvestman in the infraorder Eupnoi (Phalangioidea) its identity is uncertain but it is probably a species of Acari (mites).
 Eremiaphila turica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 Daphnella elata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Euphaedra margaritifera the Pearl-edged Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Olivella japonica is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 The White-throated Tyrannulet (Mecocerculus leucophrys) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Phrynobatrachus acridoides is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Kenya Malawi Mozambique Somalia South Africa Tanzania Zimbabwe and possibly Swaziland Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland shrub-dominated wetlands swamps intermittent freshwater lakes salt water marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens urban areas and canals and ditches.
 The Orangestriped oakworm (Anisota senatoria) is a Nearctic member of the family Saturniidae and subfamily Ceratocampinae. It is one of the more common Saturniids reaching pest status occasionally in the northern parts of its range. As they are late-season feeders however they do little lasting damage to their hosts (most of the energy has been stored already).It is very similar to A. finlaysoni in southern Ontario and A. peigleri in the southern USA.
 The Ua Pou Monarch (Pomarea mira) was a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It was endemic to French Polynesia.Its natural habitats were subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It became extinct due to habitat loss.In 2010 an unconfirmed but convincing report of a male was observed on Ua Pou based on this possible rediscovery the status of possibly extinct seems more appropriate.
 The Montagu's blenny (Coryphoblennius galerita) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the intertidal zones of the eastern Atlantic ocean from England to Madeira and the Canary Islands as well the Mediterranean Sea the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara. This species prefers rocky shores with much wave action. This species grows to a length of 7.6 centimetres (3.0 in) SL. It is the only species in the genus Coryphoblennius.
 Zabalius apicalis is a species of katydid.
 Cephetola obscura the Obscure Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 Hopliancistrus tricornis is the only species of the genus Hopliancistrus of suckermouth armored catfish. This species reaches a length of 10.4 centimetres (4.1 in) SL. It is endemic to Brazil and can be found in the Tapajós and Xingu River basins. This species appears similar to members Lasiancistrus however it lacks the synapomorphies and has five rows of plates on the caudal peduncle instead of three like those found in Lasiancistrus.
 Tinea is a genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the subfamily Tineinae. As evident by its name it is the type genus of its subfamily and family. Established as one of the very first subgroups of Phalaena it used to contain many species of Tineidae that are nowadays placed in other genera as well as a few moths nowadays placed elsewhere.
 Altagonum papuense is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Sloane in 1890.
 Ospia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived in the Induan stage of the Early Triassic epoch.
 Diachrysia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hadena silenides is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain from Mauretania to Egypt Israel Lebanon Syria Jordan the Arabian Peninsula Iraq and Iran.Adults are on wing from January to April in one generation in Israel.
 Cancellaria agalma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Xestia wockei is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Siberia and northern North America including Quebec Newfoundland and Labrador the Northwest Territories and Yukon.
 Attonitus is a genus of characin endemic to Peru with three described species: Attonitus bounites Vari & H. Ortega 2000 Attonitus ephimeros Vari & H. Ortega 2000 Attonitus irisae Vari & H. Ortega 2000
 The Panamanian Flycatcher (Myiarchus panamensis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Panama and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 The tasselled wobbegong (Eucrossorhinus dasypogon) is a species of carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae and the only member of its genus. It inhabits shallow coral reefs off northern Australia New Guinea and adjacent islands. Reaching 1.8 m (5.9 ft) in length this species has a broad and flattened body and head. Its most distinctive trait is a fringe of branching dermal flaps around its head which extends onto its chin.
 Hispanopithecus was a genus of apes that inhabited Europe during the Miocene period. It was first identified in a 1944 paper by J. F. Villalta and M. Crusafont in Notas y Comunicaciones del Instituto Geologico y Minero de España.
 Emheringia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Turbonilla cowlesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Citripestis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and is known from Java Indonesia and Perak.
 Neomyxine biniplicata is a species of hagfish found in the Pacific Ocean around New Zealand. It is the only member of its genus.
 Partula producta was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Tahiti French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Fusinus somaliensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Umbrellabirds are birds in the genus Cephalopterus found in rainforests of Central and South America. With a total length of 35–50 cm (14–20 in) they are among the largest members of the cotinga family and the male Amazonian Umbrellabird is the largest passerine in South America. They are almost entirely black and have a conspicuous crest on the top of their head vaguely resembling an umbrella (hence their common name).
 Oliva sidelia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Andean Lapwing (Vanellus resplendens) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers swamps and pastureland.
 Brachionichthys was until recently the only genus in the family Brachionichthyidae (commonly known as handfishes) but presently five genera are placed in this family of anglerfishes.They use their pectoral fins to walk about on the sea floor.
 Odostomia dijkhuizeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Digitivalva valeriella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in Sweden Denmark Germany France Austria Hungary Romania Slovakia Poland Lithuania Latvia and Russia.The wingspan is 10–12 mm.The larvae feed on Inula britannica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of one or some rather broad corridors radiating from the leaf base or the midrib. Later it becomes an elongated blotch.
 Craugastor azueroensis is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Constanze's tree iguana Liolaemus constanzae is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is found in Argentina and Chile and expected to be present in Bolivia.
 Centrostephanus besnardi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Centrostephanus besnardi was first scientifically described in 1955 by Bernasconi.
 Turritella broderipiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Physalaemus santafecinus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina and possibly Paraguay.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Porela vitulina is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is known from Australia including New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 40 mm for males and 60 mm for females. Adults are white with brown markings. The thorax is white and hairy with black markings.The larvae have been recorded feeding on the foliage of various Casuarinaceae species.
 The guanaco (Lama guanicoe) is a camelid native to South America that stands between 1 and 1.2 metres (3 ft 3 in and 3 ft 11 in) at the shoulder and weighs about 90 kg (200 lb). The colour varies very little (unlike the domestic llama) ranging from a light brown to dark cinnamon and shading to white underneath. Guanacos have grey faces and small straight ears. The name guanaco comes from the South American language Quechua word wanaku (old spelling huanaco).
 Zelleria isopyrrha is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia from Busselton to Albany in Western Australia.
 Akodon affinis also known as the Colombian Grass Mouse or Cordillera Occidental Akodont is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in the Cordillera Occidental of Colombia.
 The Grey Grasswren (Amytornis barbatus) is a rarely seen elusive bird that was first sighted in 1921 but not taxonomically described until 1968. This bird belongs to the Family Maluridae which comprises five genera of passerine birds that are only found in Australia and New Guinea. There are two assemblages Amytorniae which comprise one genus (Amytornis) and eight species one of which belongs to the Grey Grasswren. The second assemblage (Malurinae) contains 4 genera and 17 species.
 Merulaxis is a genus of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It contains the following species: Stresemann's Bristlefront (Merulaxis stresemanni) Slaty Bristlefront (Merulaxis ater)
 Teleta is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae. It consists of only one species Teleta talaris which is found in Thailand New Guinea and Java.The wingspan is 17-19 mm. Adults have a purplish-lilac ground colour.
 Chrysopsyche mirifica is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Angola Sierra Leone Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Monoplex aquatilis common name the cosmopolitan hairy triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Sydney cockle (NSW) or ark cockle (Queensland) Anadara trapezia is an estuarine filter-feeding bivalve. Its calcareous heavily-ribbed shell can grow to approximately 7 to 8 cm across. Its current range is along the east coast of Australia from Queensland to Victoria. It has previously existed in Western Australia South Australia and the coast of New Zealand during the Middle Holocene.
 Navasota myriolecta is a species of snout moths in the genus Navasota. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Scapteromys is a genus of South American rodents in the tribe Akodontini of family Cricetidae. Two species are known found in northern Argentina southern Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. They are as follows: Argentine swamp rat (Scapteromys aquaticus) Waterhouse's swamp rat (Scapteromys tumidus)Both species are semiaquatic living in and near marshes and other bodies of water. They reach a body length of 15 to 20 cm and a tail length of 13-17 cm and weigh 110-200 g.
 The Balsas Splitfin (Ilyodon whitei) is a species of fish in the Goodeidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Paracimexomys is a genus of extinct mammals in the also extinct Multituberculata order. Paracimexomys lived during the Cretaceous period. The few fossils remains come from North America. Some Romanian fossils were also tentatively assigned to this genus though that classification now seems doubtful.The genus Paracimexomys (beside Cimexomys) was named by Archibald J.D. in 1982. It is also known as Cimexomys sp. (Sloan & Van Valen 1965).
 The Green-and-black Fruiteater (Pipreola riefferii) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Because of its range and population size this species is not classified as vulnerable.
 Marginella marianae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Eulaema mocsaryi is a species of large-bodied bee in the tribe Euglossini the orchid bees. It was named in honour of the Hungarian entomologist Alexander Mocsáry curator of the Hungarian Natural History Museum. It is native to forests in parts of tropical South America.
 Sinemys is an extinct genus of turtle from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of China and Japan. Three species have been named: S. lens the type species from the Kimmeridgian-Tithonian of Shandong; S. gamera from the Valanginian-Albian of Nei Mongol; and S. wuerhoensis from the Aptian-Albian of Xinjiang.
 Astra (foaled January 25 1996 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racemare who won four Grade I races on turf.
 The American marten or American pine marten (Martes americana) is a North American member of the family Mustelidae sometimes referred to as the pine marten. The name pine marten is derived from the common but distinct Eurasian species of Martes. It differs from the fisher (Martes pennanti) in that it is smaller in size and lighter in colour.
 Elophila difflualis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in South-East Asia in Australia and La Réunion but has also be introduced to the United Kingdom.The wingspan is 11–13 mm for males and 13–18 mm for females.The larvae feed on Hydrocharitaceae (Valisneria sp.) Rosaceae (Synnema sp.) Alismataceae (Echinodorus sp.) Potamogetonaceae (Potamogeton sp.) Marsiliaceae (Marsilia sp.)
 The Eastern bluebird (Sialia sialis) is a small bird found in open woodlands farmlands and orchards. It is the state bird of Missouri and New York.This species measures 16–21 cm (6.3–8.3 in) long span 25–32 cm (9.8–12.6 in) across the wings and weigh 27–34 g (0.95–1.20 oz).
 Nishada rotundipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia and in Burma and the north-eastern Himalayas. The habitat consists of forests. Adults are sexually dimorphic with females being much paler and yellower than males. Males also have slightly swollen antennae.
 Cryoturris citronella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Asaphocrita aulae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Parides cutorina is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Neotropical ecozone (Ecuador Peru and Brazil: Pará and Amazonas).The larvae feed on Aristolochia.
 Seticosta arachnogramma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Paronymus nevea the Scarce Largest Dart is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Phunginus apicalis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Phunginus.
 Calliostoma quadricolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Fautor).
 Mycetarotes is a genus of fungus-growing ants.
 Antennablennius variopunctatus the Orange-dotted blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean.
 The Pallas' Sailer (Neptis sappho) is a nymphalid butterfly found in Eastern Europe Russia India and other parts of temperate Asia and Japan.The wingspan is 40–46 mm.The larvae feed on Lathyrus vernus Lathyrus niger and Robina pseudoacacia.
 Mallosoma is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Mallosoma piptadeniae Giacomel 1976 Mallosoma scutellare White 1853 Mallosoma zonatum (Sahlberg 1823)↑
 Onychogonia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Acratodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Xystrota by some sources.
 Pseudotrichia rubiginosa sometimes known as the German hairy snail is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Afromicrodon is an African genus of hoverflies. The species of the Afromicrodon genus were previously and erroneously placed in the genus Ceratophya.Afromicrodon species are recognized among the Microdontinae by them lacking an appendix on vein R4+5 having short antennae about as long as the face or shorter and a simple basoflagellomere and simple scutellum without calcar. The abdomen is oval.
 Cyclophora indecisa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Seram Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and Luzon in the Philippines. The habitat consists of lower montane forests.
 Adelotypa is a genus of butterflies in the family Riodinidae. They are found in South America.The type species of the genus is Adelotypa xanthobrunnea Warren 1895 which was mistakenly described as a Geometridae species.
 The extinct Cormohipparion was originally described as a new genus of horse and assigned to the tribe Hipparionini. However it was soon argued that the partial material fell within the range of morphological variation seen in Hipparion and that the members of Cormohipparion belonged instead within Hipparion. This rested on claims that pre-orbital morphology did not have any taxonomic significance a claim that detailed study of quarry sections later showed to be false.
 Bruma parvus is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from North Sumatra.The wingspan is 9-10 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax basal part of the costa costal part of the medial area and the terminal area including the fringes are black. The costal medial area is quadrangular. The forewing ground colour is brown suffused with few black scales. The crosslines are indistinct and beige. The terminal line is marked by black interneural dots.
 Latrodectus elegans is a species of widow spider endemic to the Far East. It was first collected in the Carin Cheba mountains in Burma but is also found in China and Japan.
 Tetrachela raiblana is an extinct species of polychelid crustacean from the Late Triassic. It is the only species in the family Tetrachelidae. It is distinguished from most other polychelids including all the extant Polychelidae by the retention of the diaeresis of the uropodal exopods.
 Opsaridium splendens is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Burundi and Tanzania.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Spania is a genus of snipe fly of the family Rhagionidae. Some authorities place this genus in the family Spaniidae Nagatomi 1975 this move has not however yet gained much widespread acceptance.Spania are small - 2 to 3.0 mm dark brown to black in colour.
 Chilocampyla is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 The Gulf snapping turtle or Lavarack's turtle (Elseya lavarackorum) is a large species of freshwater turtle in the sidenecked family Chelidae. It is endemic to northern Australia in north-west Queensland and north-east Northern Territory. The species is totally aquatic coming ashore to lay eggs and bask only as is typical of the members of the Australian snapping turtles (Elseya). The Gulf snapping turtle is chiefly a herbivore consuming pandanus and figs.
 Tripteridia dystacta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Oriole Warbler (Hypergerus atriceps) is a small warbler the only member of the genus Hypergerus. This bird is a resident breeder in west Africa from southern Senegal to Cameroon and north Zaire.This skulking passerine is typically found in dense thickets usually near water. Oriole Warbler builds a large untidy nest suspended from palm leaves.These 20 cm long warblers have a long tail strong legs and a long black bill. Adults are light olive above yellow below and have a black hood.
 Sceleuthrix is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Brandt's Cormorant (Phalacrocorax penicillatus) is a strictly marine bird of the cormorant family of seabirds that inhabits the Pacific coast of North America. It ranges in the summer from Alaska to the Gulf of California but the population north of Vancouver Island migrates south during the winter. Its specific name penicillatus is Latin for a painter's brush (pencil of hairs) in reference to white plumes on its neck and back during the early breeding season.
 The Eastern Pine Elfin (Callophrys niphon) is a species of Lycaenidae that is native to North America.
 Mormyrops is a genus of weakly electric fish in the family Mormyridae. They are characterized by an elongate head measuring twice as long as high and no teeth on the palate or the tongue.
 Coleophora verbljushkella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the southern Ural Mountains in Russia.The wingspan is 11-11.5 mm. Adults have a beige head and a white mixed with light beige thorax. The forewings are pale buff evenly scattered with brown scales and broad white stripes. The fringes are white with a light buff hue. The hindwings are light grey with light grey fringes although they are white apically.
 Enneanectes pectoralis known commonly as the Redeye triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny.
 Anacoracidae is an extinct shark family in the order Lamniformes.
 Lyonetia pulverulentella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found from central Europe eastward into Russia and Ukraine.The wingspan is 12 to 14 millimetres (0.47 to 0.55 in). Adults are on wing from May to September.The larvae feed on Salix species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Digitivalva trapezopa is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Arabriga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Clouded Silver (Lomographa temerata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.The wingspan is 22–26 mm. The moths fly from May to June. .The larva feed on various trees including hawthorn and blackthorn.
 Inquisitor elachystoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Amselia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coleophora issikii is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 13–16 mm. Adults are on wing from August to mid September.
 The leatherjacket fish skipjack or leather jack Oligoplites saurus is a jack in the Carangidae family. Leather jack may also refer to other members of the Carangidae such as the pilot fish. Leatherjack may also refer to the smooth leatherjacket a member of the Monacanthidae family.
 Pyrausta falcatalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Germany Austria Switzerland Italy the Czech Republic Poland Slovenia Hungary Bosnia and Herzegovina the Republic of Macedonia Romania Bulgaria Moldova Ukraine Russia and Turkey. It has also been recorded from China.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. Adults are on wing in June and August in one generation per year in western Europe.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Salvia glutinosa.
 Mionochroma novella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1885. It is known from Nicaragua and Panama.
 Aorotrema is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tornidae within the superfamily Truncatelloidea.
 Oradis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Carmentina molybdotoma is a species of sedge moths in the genus Carmentina. It was described by Diakonoff and Arita in 1979. It is found in Japan.
 Semperdon rotanus is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is found in Guam and Northern Mariana Islands.
 Marbla is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Ohridohauffenia is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae the river snails.
 Serrata beatrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Abbottella is a genus of operculate land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks gastropod in the family Pomatiidae.The generic name Abbottella is in honor of Dr. W. L. Abbott.
 Mittermeier's mouse lemur (Microcebus mittermeieri) is a species of mouse lemur known only from Anjanaharibe-Sud Special Reserve in Madagascar.The species is named in honor of primatologist Russell Mittermeier who is President of Conservation International.Mittermeier's mouse lemur is the smallest of the east coast mouse lemurs. Its body is light reddish-brown to rust with orange tints and the base of its limbs.
 Lista is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859.
 Lanistes nasutus is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is found in Malawi and Mozambique.
 Acraea dondoensis the Dondo Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Mozambique.Adults are on wing year round.
 Siphona is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Coleophora bogdoensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the Schibendy valley in the southern Ural Mountains and the Baskunzak salt lake in the Lower Volga region of Russia. It has also been recorded from north-western Kazakhstan.The wingspan is about 12.5 mm. Adults have a light brown head and thorax mixed with whitishscales. The forewings are creamy white striped with pale brown wholly sprayed with brown and blackish brown scales forming a dark spot.
 Chrysocercops hopeella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Pahang and Selangor).The wingspan is 4.5-5.1 mm.The larvae feed on Hopea nutans and Hopea odorata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is identical to that of Chrysocercops melastigmata.
 The Roper River Scrub Robin (Drymodes superciliaris colcloughi) also known as the Allied Scrub Robin is a putative subspecies of the Northern Scrub Robin a bird in the Petroicidae or Australasian robin family. Whether it ever existed is doubtful; if it did it is almost certainly extinct.
 Eleutherodactylus nasutus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The snowy grouper (Epinephelus niveatus) is a species of fish in the Serranidae family. It is found in Aruba the Bahamas Belize Bermuda Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Cuba French Guiana Grenada Guatemala Guyana Honduras Jamaica Mexico Netherlands Antilles Nicaragua Panama Suriname Trinidad and Tobago the United States and Venezuela.
 Acrocercops maranthaceae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cuba.The larvae feed on Maranta species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Phrynomantis is a genus of frog in the Microhylidae family.
 Palikirus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Nassarius granum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Mirosternus dubiosus is a species of beetles in the genus Mirosternus of the family Anobiidae.
 Apamea burgessi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is native to central North America where it can be found throughout the Great Plains and Great Basin. Its distribution extends north to Alberta and south to Texas. There is a disjunct population on the East Coast of the United States.The wingspan is 38–40 mm. The forewing is streaked tan and gray and the hindwing is white. The flight season is in September and October.
 Agonopterix banatica is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Romania.
 Ostracion solorensis is a species of boxfish native to the western Pacific Ocean. Its common name is reticulate boxfish. It grows to 12 centimeters in length. It is sometimes kept as an aquarium fish.
 Rutilograptis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Euriphene karschi Karsch’s Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Its natural habitat is forests.
 Fabresema toma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Zenamorpha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Monopis crocicapitella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It has a nearly cosmopolitan distribution. It was first described from the eastern United States.The wingspan is 10–16 mm. The ground colour of the hindwing is whitish grey. In western Europe adults are on wing from June to October.The larvae feed on dried animal and vegetable refuse.
 Henricia is a large genus of slender-armed sea stars belonging to the family Echinasteridae. It contains about fifty species.The sea stars from this genus are ciliary suspension-feeders filtering phytoplankton.
 Oxyothespis wagneri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 Hypoprora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Yellow-browed Melidectes (Melidectes rufocrissalis) also known as the Yellow-browed Honeyeater is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Apple Pith Moth (Blastodacna atra) is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is known from most of Europe. It is an introduced species in North America where it has been recorded from Ontario and Massachusetts.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September in western Europe.The larvae feed inside small twigs of Malus. They mine under the surface and cause the shoot to die off.
 The Ochre-bellied Flycatcher (Mionectes oleagineus) is a small bird of the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds from southern Mexico through Central America and South America east of the Andes as far as southern Brazil and on Trinidad and Tobago.This is a common bird in humid forests usually in undergrowth near water. It makes a moss-covered ball nest with a side entrance which is suspended from a root or branch often over water.
 Litobrenthia japonica is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Issiki in 1930. It is found in Japan and China (Chekiang).The larvae feed on Quercus acuta Quercus gilva and Quercus myrsinaefolia.
 Anthrenocerus Micus is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 The Pacific ocean perch (Sebastes alutus) also known as the Pacific rockfish Rose fish Red bream or Red perch has a wide distribution in the North Pacific from southern California around the Pacific rim to northern Honshū Japan including the Bering Sea. The species appears to be most abundant in northern British Columbia the Gulf of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands (Allen and Smith 1988).
 Crocomela unifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Ecuador.
 Acleistoceras is a genus of the oncocerid nautiloid family Acleistoceratidae that lived in the shallow seas that covered much of North America during the Devonian; living from 409—383.7 mya existing for approximately 25.3 million years.
 Choreutis ialeura is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka and Mauritius.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Malus pumila.
 Paratrechodes macleayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paratrechodes.
 Joculator pallidus is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Triplophysa markehenensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Maresaurus is an extinct genus of pliosaur from the Middle Jurassic (Bajocian) of what is now Argentina. The type species Maresaurus coccai was named by Gasparini in 1997. Recent phylogenetic analysis found Maresaurus to be a rhomaleosaurid.
 Hygophum is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Metareva endoscota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 The sequoia slender salamander (Batrachoseps kawia) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to California in Tulare County in the western United States.
 Catuna angustatum the Large Pathfinder is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda (from the western part of the country to Bwamba) Rwanda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Manilkara obovata Mimusops kummel Malacantha alnifolia and Aningueria robusta.
 Paratype basivitta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 Oxychilus draparnaudi is a species of small land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae the glass snails.
 The Knee-Joint Dart (Feltia geniculata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island and Manitoba and adjacent parts of the United States including Massachusetts.The wingspan is 29–34 mm. Adults are on wing from July to mid-September.The larvae feed on a wide variety of plants.
 Orectochilus orbisonorum is a newly discovered species of whirligig beetle named in honor of Roy and Barbara Orbison. It's black on top and translucent white on the bottom. Its length is about 5 millimeters. It lives in India.
 Pelargoderus rubropunctatus is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Tarachodes beieri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Glipa brevicauda is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1931. It is highly aggressive.
 Mazaeras melanopyga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1869. It is found in Brazil.
 The Swift Fruit Bat (Thoopterus nigrescens) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is the only described species within the genus Thoopterus but it is likely that more than one species exists. Thoopterus is found in Indonesia on Sulawesi and neighboring islands.
 Flower Alley foaled on May 7 2002 is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred at Bona Terra Farms by George Brunacini who was killed in the August 27 2006 crash of Comair Flight 5191 at Blue Grass Airport in Lexington Kentucky.The colt is a son of Distorted Humor a Mr. Prospector line sire whose other offspring includes dual classic winner and champion Funny Cide. Flower Alley is inbred 3×3 to Mr. Prospector. His dam is the winning Princess Olivia by Lycius.
 Acalyptris limonii is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the coasts of Adriatic Ionian and Aegean Seas where it has been recorded from Croatia and Greece.The wingspan is 4.1-4.8 mm.The larvae feed on Limonium vulgare. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a gallery starting much contorted often spirally but later becoming a full-depth mine with narrow broken frass running more-or-less straight through the leaf.
 Cangetta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Pardaleodes incerta the Savanna Pathfinder Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia.
 Stagmomantis amazonica common name Amazon Mantis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmomantis. They are native to the South America.
 Plagiotremus phenax the Imposter fangblenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Indian ocean. This species reaches a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 The Tandy's sand frog (Tomopterna tandyi) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Kenya Namibia South Africa and Tanzania and possibly Lesotho Malawi Mozambique Swaziland Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland temperate grassland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland water storage areas ponds canals and ditches.
 Crow (23 February 1973–10 February 1989) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was one of the best three-year-olds in Europe in 1976 when he won the classic St Leger Stakes and finished second in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. He went on to win the Coronation Cup as a five-year-old in 1978. After his retirement from racing he stood as a breeding stallion in the United States and Australia with limited success.
 Odostomella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Clanis mcguirei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 Peucetia viridana is a species of spider found in India and Myanmar.
 Tmesorrhina is a genus of beetles from the family Scarabaeidae subfamily Cetoniinae.
 Sandpit (1989–2003) was an Brazilian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse who also met with considerable success racing in the United States. In a career that lasted from 1992 until 1997 he ran forty times and won fourteen races.
 Bapara obliterosa is a species of snout moth in the genus Bapara. It was described by Walker in 1865 and is known from New Guinea and the D'Entrecasteaux Islands.Males are dull grass-green above and cinereous beneath. The forewings have four very irregular reddish brown bands and a diffuse cluster of white speckles in the exterior disk intersected by two short transverse black streaks which represent the reniform mark. The marginal line is brown and interrupted. The hindwings are cinereous.
 Crioprosopus nieti is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chevrolat in 1875.
 Brachydiplax denticauda is found in Australia New Guinea and the Solomon Islands and is common over much of its range. The species is usually found near still or sluggish waters.Males of this species are typical in colour for the genus being bright powder blue on both the thorax and abdomen. The labrum is pale cream thus giving the species its common name of Palemouth.
 Zachaenus roseus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Chile.
 Eumorsea pinaleno is a species of insect in family Eumastacidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 The greater bilby (Macrotis lagotis) often referred to simply as the bilby since the lesser bilby (Macrotis leucura) became extinct in the 1950s is an Australian species of nocturnal omnivorous animal in the Peramelemorphia order. Other vernacular names include dalgyte pinkie or rabbit-eared bandicoot. Greater bilbies live in arid areas of central Australia. Their range and population is in decline.
 Epischnia aspergella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from China.
 Idia gopheri commonly known as the Tortoise Commensal Noctuid Moth is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It is only known from Lake Worth and Port Sewell north to Escambia and Liberty Counties in Florida but it might also be present in southeastern Alabama and southern Georgia. Larvae live and feed in gopher tortoise burrows.
 Hoenia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eulima latipes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Trematosauridae are a family of large temnospondyl amphibians with many members. They first appeared during the Olenekian stage of the Early Triassic and existed up until around the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic although by then they were very rare. By the Middle Triassic they had become widespread throughout Laurasia and Gondwana with fossils being found in Europe Asia Madagascar and Australia.
 Pterasteridae is a family of sea stars in the order Velatida consisting of eight genera. Pterasterids are primarily deep-water and have an inflated aboral surface. Many species brood their young in an internal chamber flushed with seawater. Fossil pterasterids have been found as early as the upper Campanian of the Cretaceous period.
 Fulda australis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of unnatural grasslands such as pastures and subarid areas.
 Scrancia is a genus of moth in the family of Notodontidae from the Afrotropics.
 Ferrissia is a genus of small air-breathing freshwater snails or limpets aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies.
 Bostrichus is a genus of beetle found in the Palearctic (including Europe) the Near East and North Africa.
 Euchlaenidia albilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Heringia vitripennis is a European species of hoverfly.
 Goose barnacles (order Pedunculata) also called stalked barnacles or gooseneck barnacles are filter-feeding crustaceans that live attached to hard surfaces of rocks and flotsam in the ocean intertidal zone.
 Hyposmocoma eleuthera is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kilauea.
 Lycodon travancoricus commonly known as the Travancore wolf snake is a species of colubrid snake.
 Amorbimorpha powelliana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Nuevo Leon and possibly Hidalgo).The length of the forewings is 12.7–14.5 mm for males and 11.7–15.5 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings of the males is brownish orange. The hindwings are shining ivory white gradually bronzed toward the distal regions. Females have dark brownish orange or reddish orange forewings the markings suffused and less distinct than in the males.
 Canis cedazoensis is an extinct species of smaller Canidae which was endemic to North America from the Blancan stage of the Pliocene epoch through the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch living 4.9 Ma—300000 years ago. Canis cedazoensis existed for approximately 4.6 million years.
 Phyllonorycter cretaceella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Arizona).The larvae feed on Quercus hypoleuca and Quercus hypoleucoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a yellowish and brownish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. There is a single wrinkle in the epidermis
 Tathorhynchus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellistena reitteri is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Schilsky in 1894.
 Mahanta is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
 Porania is a genus of starfish in the family Poraniidae in the order Valvatida.
 Hemipsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the infraorder Psocetae. Member of the family have the areola postica joined to the M vein by a crossvein and their M vein is 2-branched. This family comprises twenty-four species in three genera.
 Pseudobithynia pentheri is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.The specific name pentheri is in honor of malacologist Arnold Penther who collected this species.Glöer & Yildrim (2006) moved this species from the genus Bythinia to the genus Pseudobithynia in 2006.
 Epicleta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pasiphila semochlora is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Smelt or European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus) is a species of fish in the Osmeridae family.
 Lopharcha moriutii is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand and China (Hong Kong).
 Hydrobia scamandri is a species of small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Scopula subtaeniata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Hypsidoris is an extinct genus of catfish classified within its own family Hypsidoridae from the Eocene epoch of North America.Hypsidoris was about 20 centimetres (7.9 in) long and looked similar to the modern catfish also possessing sensitive barbels used to detect prey in murky waters.
 Stigmella uwusebi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Mey in 2004. It is found in Namibia.
 Hyloniscus riparius is a species of woodlouse found in Central and Eastern Europe and subsequently introduced to North America. It is strongly associated with flood plains and can tolerate periods of up to eight weeks submerged under water. In North America it was first found at St. John's Newfoundland in 1951 and later in New York New Jersey Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
 Parabatella is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Thaumatodon hystricelloides is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.This species is endemic to Samoa; it is an endangered species.
 Stigmella himalayai is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis & Diškus in 2003. It is known from Nepal.
 Dycladia vitrina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Honduras and Ecuador.
 Manzonia insulsa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Chrysolina cinctipennis is a species of leaf beetles in Chrysomelidae family.
 Theretra radiosa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea and Queensland.Adults have brown wings with a darker submarginal band and a dark dot near the centre of the costa of each forewing.
 Onchidoris is a genus of dorid nudibranchs in the family Onchidorididae. Some of its members are known to prey on barnacles. Their radular teeth are an unusual shape and the radula contains a rachidian tooth.
 Saitissus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species S. squamosus has only been found on New Guinea.
 Cosmopterix xuthogastra is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Kalimantan.
 Somatochlora ozarkensis is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Emprepes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Crowned Cormorant (Microcarbo coronatus) is a small cormorant that is endemic to the waters of the cold Benguela Current of southern Africa. It is an exclusively coastal species and is always found at least 10 km (6 mi) away from land. This species is related to the Reed Cormorant and was formerly considered to the same species.
 Parornix mixta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Italy Romania Slovakia former Yugoslavia and Transbaikalia in Russia.The larvae feed on Spiraea media and Spiraea x vanhouttei. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Kammerkaroceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 The Carolina madtom (Noturus furiosus) is a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family. It is endemic to North Carolina.
 Gerres oyena the Common silver biddy is a species of mojarra native to marine and brackish waters of coastal waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits estuaries coastal waters and lagoons. This species can reach a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL though most do not exceed 20 centimetres (7.9 in) SL. This species is important to local commercial fisheries.
 Conus papilliferus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Dryotype is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Apatelodes infesta is a moth in the Bombycidae family.
 Coleophora virgaureae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from most of Europe (except the Balkan Peninsula) through the Caucasus Kazakhstan and Siberia eastward to the Baikal area and the Altai in Russia and Japan.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September.The larvae feed on Solidago virguarea and Aster tripolium.
 Callopistria argyrosemastis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found on Fiji.
 Ariosoma selenops is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Earl Desmond Reid in 1934. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the northwestern southwestern and western central Atlantic Ocean including Antigua and Barbuda the Bahamas Brazil Dominica the Dominican Republic Canada Haiti Grenada Guadeloupe Martinique Puerto Rico Jamaica Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Saint Lucia the United States and Venezuela.
 The peppered moth (Biston betularia) is a temperate species of night-flying moth. Peppered moth evolution is often used by educators as an example of natural selection.
 Pselaphokentron is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Pselaphokentron aculeatum Franciscolo 1990 Pselaphokentron bradypygum Franciscolo 1955 Pselaphokentron brunneipenne Ermisch 1969↑
 Clubiona terrestris is a sac spider species found in Europe.
 Azygophleps afghanistanensis is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Bebearia brunhilda is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and possibly Tanzania.
 Bothrocolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Bothrocolpodes fossulatus (Jeannel 1948) Bothrocolpodes manjarivoloanus Basilewsky 1985 Bothrocolpodes rudis (Alluaud 1909) Bothrocolpodes splendens Basilewsky 1985↑
 Stenostygia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Araeopaschia demotis is a species of snout moths in the genus Araeopaschia. It was described by Meyrick in 1887 and is known from Australia.
 Acrolophus seminigera is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Stylaster is a genus of hydroids in the family Stylasteridae.
 Anarsia subfulvescens is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1918. It is found in South Africa.
 Neobythitoides serratus is a species of cusk-eel found in the East China Sea near the Ryukyu Islands. It is found at a depth of at least 950 metres (3120 ft). This species grows to a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) SL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Arene microforis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Areneidae.
 Macromphalina worsfoldi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 The Small Dusky-blue (Candalides erinus) is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Australia and Indonesia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are dark brown with a purple sheen. The underside is fawn with brown markings. The larvae have been recorded feeding on Cassytha aurea Cassytha filiformis and Cassytha pubescens. They are velvety green with a pale yellow dorsal line edged with brown markings.
 Schistura sexcauda is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Marginella marocana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Calayan Rail (Gallirallus calayanensis) is a flightless bird of the rail moorhen and coot family (Rallidae) that inhabits Calayan Island in the Philippines. Though well-known to natives of the island as the piding it was first observed by ornithologist Carmela Española in May 2004 and the discovery officially announced on August 16 2004. The formal description as a species new to science appeared in the journal Forktail (Allen et al.
 The Indian roofed turtle (Pangshura tecta) is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family. It can be distinguished by the distinct Roof at the top most part of the shell. It is found in the major rivers of South Asia. It is a common pet in the Indian Subcontinent.
 The Congo Banana Frog (Afrixalus equatorialis) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and possibly Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acosmeryx sinjaevi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Brechlin and Kitching in 1996 and is known from northern Vietnam and Hainan and Fujian China.
 Pachyredlichia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Dysschema practidoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 Ptycholepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish having the head and opercular bones ornamented with ridges of ganoin minute teeth and thick scales (which are much longer than deep and are grooved longitudinally on the outer side).
 The Singing Quail (Dactylortyx thoracicus) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Rhynchodoras xingui is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Xingu River basin. This species grows to a length of 6.3 centimetres (2.5 in) SL.
 Chersotis capnistis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most parts of the Near East and Middle East west central Asia eastward to western China and Afghanistan southward to north and southwest Iran and the Levant.Adults are on wing from July to October. There is one generation per year.
 Ixodes persulcatus the taiga tick is a species of hard-bodied tick distributed from Europe through central and northern Asia to the People’s Republic of China and Japan. The sexual dimorphism of the species is marked the male being much smaller than the female. Hosts include wild and domestic ungulates man dog rabbit and other small mammals including the dormouse Amur hedgehog and occasionally birds.
 The Val's gundi (Ctenodactylus vali) is a species of rodent in the Ctenodactylidae family. It is found in Algeria Libya and Morocco.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas.
 Typhlomangelia cariosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Themira putris is a European species of fly and member of the family Sepsidae.
 Subuluridae is a family of spirurian nematodes which together with the two species of Maupasinidae make up the superfamily Subuluroidea. Like all nematodes they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system.They number about one dozen genera and somewhat over 100 species and are parasites of amniotes chiefly birds and mammals.
 The red-crested tree rat also called the red crested soft-furred spiny-rat or Santa Marta toro (Santamartamys rufodorsalis) is a unique monotypic genus of rodent in the family Echimyidae. Originally described as Isothrix rufodorsalis in 1899 it was placed in the genus Diplomys in 1935. The subfamily Echimyinae (including this species) was reviewed in 2005 and as a result it is now placed in the monotypic genus Santamartamys.
 For other meanings of the name see Tuditanus (disambiguation)Tuditanus is an extinct genus of tuditanid microsaur from the Carboniferous ~306 Mya. It was of small size reaching a length of about 24 cm.
 Barbatula simavica is a species of ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.It is found only in Turkey. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aigialosaurus is an extinct genus of mosasauroid within the family Aigialosauridae. Its fossils have been found in Europe. It contains two species Aigialosaurus dalmaticus and Aigialosaurus bucchichi. Aigialosaurs were some of the oldest and most primitive ancestors of mosasaur and were closely related to monitor lizards.
 Lintneria aurigutta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru Bolivia and Argentina.The wingspan is 52-58 mm. There are at least two generations per year with adults on wing in March and again in December.The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as Salvia) Hydrophylloideae (such as Wigandia) and Verbenaceae species (such as Lantana).
 Cardinalis is a genus of cardinal in the family Cardinalidae. There are three species ranging across North America and into northern South America. Genus Cardinalis Northern Cardinal Cardinalis cardinalis Pyrrhuloxia (Desert Cardinal) Cardinalis sinuatus Vermilion Cardinal Cardinalis phoeniceus
 Elenchus is an insect genus in the family Elenchidae.
 The Bush Beauty or Forest Pride (Paralethe dendrophilus) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 45–60 mm for males and 48–70 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late December to May. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various Poaceae species including Ehrharta erecta and Panicum deustrum.
 Acanthocepola is a genus of bandfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Marginella claudoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.This is a species inquirenda i.e. a species of doubtful identity needing further investigation.
 Galeodea plauta is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 Sabaudiella is a genus of ammonites. It was described by Vasicek and Hoedemaeker in 2003 and the type species is S. sabaudianus which was originally assigned to the genus Ancyloceras by Pictet and de Loriol in 1858. A new species S. riverorum which existed during the early Barremian of what is now Argentina was described by Beatriz Aguirre-Urreta and Peter F. Rawson in 2012.
 Macaduma pallicosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.
 Iridana marina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda the north-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae probably feed on lichens among ants. During the day it hides in a crack in a bark with a light silken covering over it.
 Nassarius antillarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Hyposmocoma oxypetra is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Pacific Heights in Honolulu.
 Pseudosphenoptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Pediculus humanus is a species of louse that infects humans. It comprises two subspecies:Pediculus humanus humanus Linnaeus 1758 – the body lousePediculus humanus capitis De Geer 1767 – the head louse↑ ↑
 Austromitra retrocurvata is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Prionocera is a genus of true crane fly.
 Coleophora leonensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Thaumatoptila verrucosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sumba.
 Mimeresia cellularis the Cellular Harlequin is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Ghana southern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Dermestes is a genus of larder beetles in the family Dermestidae. Both the adult beetles and the larvae feed on dry dead animals and vegetable material. Dermestes especially its larvae can seriously damage natural animal fibers foodstuff furnishing and zoological collections.
 Dahira pinratanai is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 Massicus is a genus of round-necked longhorn beetles of the subfamily Cerambycinae.
 Euxoa recussa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. The nominate form is found in mountainous areas in Southern Europe as well as the Alps. Euxoa recussa tetrastigma is found Northern Europe east to auch in Russia Western Siberia the Altai Mountains and Amur.The wingspan is 32–40 mm. This moth flies from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants and grasses.
 Craugastor olanchano is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Mitridae known as mitre shells are a taxonomic family of sea snails widely distributed marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Neogastropoda.Both the Latin name and the common name are taken from the item of ecclesiastical headgear the mitre or miter used in reference to the shape of the shells.The dentition of radula in the Mitridae is rachiglossate with well-developed central and lateral teeth both comb-like.
 Laolestes is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.Present in stratigraphic zones 5 and 6.
 The Club Silverline (Spindasis syama) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South-East Asia.The wingspan is 27–32 mm.The larvae feed on Psidium guajava and Dioscorea batatus.
 Piruapsis antennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Piruapsis.
 Calliphoridae (commonly known as blow flies blow-flies carrion flies bluebottles greenbottles or cluster flies) are a family of insects in the order Diptera with 1100 known species.
 The Ptenoglossa is an informal taxonomic group of sea snails.This group was considered paraphyletic or polyphyletic by Ponder and Lindberg (1997) in their classification of gastropod molluscs.
 Bolitoglossa rostrata (Spanish: Salamandra Narigona) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neolamprologus tretocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is found in sandy areas in the northern half of the lake. It is a predator on molluscs. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Plesiotriton is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The buff striped keelback (Amphiesma stolatum) is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake found across Asia. It is a typically nonaggressive snake that feeds on frogs and toads. It belongs to the subfamily Natricinae and is closely related to water snakes and grass snakes. It resembles an Asian version of the American garter snake. It is quite a common snake but is rarely seen.
 The Snowy Egret (Egretta thula) is a small white heron. It is the American counterpart to the very similar Old World Little Egret which has established a foothold in the Bahamas.Adults are typically 61 cm (24 in) long and weigh 375 g (0.827 lb) They have a slim black bill and long black legs with yellow feet. The area of the upper bill in front of the eyes is yellow but turns red during the breeding season when the adults also gain recurved plumes on the back making for a shaggy effect.
 Blastobasis millicentae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in south-eastern Kenya and South Africa. The habitat consists of coastal lowlands.The length of the forewings is 4.1–4.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown on the basal two-thirds and brown intermixed brown scales tipped with white and pale brown scales on the distal one-third. The hindwings are pale brown.The larvae feed on Hirtella zanzibarica.
 Cleora acaciaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Réunion.The wingspan is 28-33mm.The larvae feed on various plants and trees including Rutaceae (including Toddalia asiatica) Ericaceae (including Augauria salicifolia) Verbenaceae (including Stachytarpheta urticifolia) and Asteraceae species.
 The genus Pygoscelis (rump-legged) contains three living species of penguins collectively known as The Brush-Tailed Penguins.[citation needed]
 Vitrea nadejdae is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
 The Antirrhinum Brocade (Calophasia platyptera) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Europe the Near East western Sahara Morocco Algeria Tunisia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are on wing from early spring to November. There are multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on the flowers and leaves of Antirrhinum and Linaria species.
 Mordella triangulifer is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Tripteridia dympna is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Pramila is a monotypic genus of moths in the Sesiidae family. There is only one species in this genus Pramila atkinsoni Moore 1879 that occurs in Bengal/India.
 Onoba obliqua is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Azure Jay (Cyanocorax caeruleus) (Brazilian Portuguese: Gralha-azul - blue jay) is a passeriform bird of the crow family Corvidae. It is found in the Atlantic Forest especially with Araucaria angustifolia in south-eastern Brazil (São Paulo to Rio Grande do Sul) far eastern Paraguay and far north-eastern Argentina. It is the state bird of Paraná.The Azure Jay has a total length of approximately 40 cm (16 in) and it weighs about 270 g (9.5 oz) and is the largest South American corvid.
 Anthene rubrimaculata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania.The larvae feed on the flowers of Bridelia micrantha.
 The sooty albatrosses are small albatrosses from the genus Phoebetria. There are two species the Sooty Albatross Phoebetria fusca and the Light-mantled Albatross Phoebetria palpebrata. The sooties have long been considered distinct from the rest of the other albatrosses and have retained their generic status through the many revisions of the family over the last 150 years.
 Hoplocorypha nana is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda and Zululand.
 Calytheca elongata is a species of beetles in the genus Calytheca of the family Anobiidae.
 Mendozachorista is an extinct genus of insect which existed in Argentina during the late Triassic period. It was named by Carsten Brauckmann Oscar F. Gallego Norbert Hauschke Rafael G. Martins-Neto Elke Groening Jan-M. Ilger and María B. Lara in 2010 and the type and only species is Mendozachorista volkheimeri. It is known only from an impression of a Mecopterida-like wing.
 Ceralocyna aliciae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Hovore & Chemsak in 2005.
 Porichthys notatus is a species of fish in the toadfish family. It is a midshipman known by the common name plainfin midshipman. It is native to the eastern Pacific Ocean where its distribution extends along the coast from Sitka Alaska to Magdalena Bay in southern Baja California.
 Catocala nymphaea is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern France Italy Greece Corsica Sicily Crete North Africa Anatolia Afghanistan and Kashmir.The wingspan is 54–62 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Quercus ilex.
 Hyperolius picturatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia Sierra Leone and possibly Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calamoecia is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae confined to Australasia. It is thought to have evolved since the separation of the Australian continent from Antarctica. Three of the Australian endemic species are listed as vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List (marked VU in the list below). The genus contains the following species:
 Notiocampus ruber the Red Pipefish is a species of pipefish endemic to the Indian Ocean waters along the southern coast of Australia and Tasmania. It occurs at depths of from 5 to 20 metres (16 to 66 ft) over the continental shelf. This species grows to a length of 16.4 centimetres (6.5 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Diatomocera dosia is a species of snout moths in the genus Diatomocera. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Gasterosiphon deimatis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This is the only species known to exist within the genus Gasterosiphon.
 Rhynchelmis is the genus of 30 species of aquatic oligochaetes from the Northern Hemisphere with 11 species from North America and 19 from Eurasia. They are part of the family Lumbriculidae which are among the largest of the microdriles. They are generally defined as having atria in segment X and spermathecae in segment VIII (Fend & Brinkhurst 2000).
 Ptychophallus is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae.
 The four-eyed fishes are a genus Anableps of fishes in the family Anablepidae. They have eyes raised above the top of the head and divided in two different parts so that they can see below and above the water surface at the same time. Like their relatives the onesided livebearers four-eyed fishes only mate on one side right-handed males with left-handed females and vice versa. These fish inhabit freshwater and brackishwater and are only rarely coastal marine.
 Hypselostoma is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.
 The Noronha skink (Trachylepis atlantica) is a species of skink from the island of Fernando de Noronha off northeastern Brazil. It is covered with dark and light spots on the upperparts and is usually about 7 to 10 cm (3 to 4 in) in length. The tail is long and muscular but breaks off easily.
 The Protepeolini are a tribe of apid bees. The tribe contains only one genus Leiopodus.
 Eufitchia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Blenniella bilitonensis the Lined rockskipper is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific ocean.
 Bostra claveriei is a species of snout moth in the genus Bostra. It was described by Rougeot in 1977 and is known from Ethiopia.
 Metallanchista perlaeta is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as Malaysia and Indonesian islands such as Java and Sumatra.
 Axiocerses punicea the Rainforest Scarlet or Punic Scarlet is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zimbabwe Mozambique and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to flowering shrubs. They are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Ximenia caffra.
 The Caribbean reef shark (Carcharhinus perezi) is a species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae. It is found in the tropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Brazil and is the most commonly encountered reef shark in the Caribbean Sea. With a robust streamlined body typical of the requiem sharks this species is difficult to tell apart from other large members of its family such as the dusky shark (C. obscurus) and the silky shark (C. falciformis).
 The Cinnamon-throated Hermit (Phaethornis nattereri) is a species in the hummingbird family Trochilidae. It is found in a broad dry to semi-humid belt along the southern edge of the Amazon Rainforest from far north-eastern Bolivia north-east to Maranhão in Brazil. Its natural habitat is tropical dry to semi-humid forest Cerrado and woodland.
 Paralomis africana is a species of king crab found off the coast of Namibia.
 Urothoe is a genus of very small marine amphipod crustaceans in the family Urothoidae. Members of the genus are found worldwide.
 Zeodera atra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Zeodera.
 Parecbasis cyclolepis is a species of characin fish found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru. It is the only member of its genus.
 Colostethus crombiei is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The red-rimmed melania scientific name Melanoides tuberculata is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum a parthenogenetic aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.The common name comes from the presence of reddish spots on the otherwise greenish-brown shell.The species name is sometimes spelled Melanoides tuberculatus but this is incorrect because Melanoides Olivier 1804 was clearly intended to be feminine because it was combined with the feminine specific epithet fasciolata in the original description.This species is native to northern Africa and southern Asia but it has been accidentally introduced in many other tropical and subtropical areas worldwide. 
 Petropedetes natator is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Coelostathma insularis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Anthony's poison arrow frog (Epipedobates anthonyi) is a poison dart frog species in the Dendrobatidae family found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Urophora cuzconis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The Bald Parrot (Pyrilia aurantiocephala) or Orange-headed Parrot is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It was formerly placed in the genus Pionopsitta which is now monotypic. It is endemic to the east-central Amazon of Brazil. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests.
 Eupithecia lachaumei is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Haplophylax is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The western basilisk or red-headed basilisk (Basiliscus galeritus) is a large species of corytophanid lizard from northwestern South America.
 Craugastor phasma is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and possibly Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Lestrolepis is a genus of barracudina.
 Ptilophora rufula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is known from Taiwan.
 Mysterious (1970–1988) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from July 1972 until October 1973 she ran eight times and won five races. Mysterious won Group races on her first four racecourse appearances including the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse and Oaks at Epsom. She later finished second to Dahlia in the Irish Oaks at the Curragh and won the Yorkshire Oaks at York.
 Actenodes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Actenodes acornis (Say 1833) Actenodes acuminipennis (Gory 1841) Actenodes admirabilis Obenberger 1932 Actenodes adonis (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes aeneus (Gory 1841) Actenodes africanus Obenberger 1922 Actenodes albifrons Théry 1905 Actenodes alluaudi Kerremans 1894 Actenodes amazonicus Kerremans 1897 Actenodes aphrodite Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes arizonicus Knull 1927 Actenodes auronotatus (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes bellulus (Mannerheim 1837) Actenodes biarti Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes bifasciatus Waterhouse 1882 Actenodes bourgini Descarpentries 1950 Actenodes brasiliensis Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes buquetii (Gory 1841) Actenodes calcaratus (Chevrolat 1835) Actenodes caray Zayas 1988 Actenodes chalybaeitarsis (Chevrolat 1834) Actenodes circumdatus (Gory 1841) Actenodes congolanus Kerremans 1898 Actenodes costipennis (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes curvipes (Gory 1841) Actenodes davidi Nelson 1979 Actenodes delagoanus Obenberger 1928 Actenodes dilatatus (Gory 1841) Actenodes durantonorum Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes embrikstrandi Obenberger 1936 Actenodes flexicaulis Schaeffer 1904 Actenodes florencae Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes frater Théry 1905 Actenodes fulminatus (Schönherr 1817) Actenodes gabonicus Thomson 1858 Actenodes garieppi Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes goryi (Mannerheim 1837) Actenodes griveaudi Descarpentries 1958 Actenodes hahneli Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes hermes Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes heros Théry 1923 Actenodes hilari (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes hopfneri (Gory 1841) Actenodes humeralis Waterhouse 1882 Actenodes insignis (Gory 1841) Actenodes intermedia (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes krantzi Kerremans 1911 Actenodes laevifrons Waterhouse 1882 Actenodes lemoulti Théry 1912 Actenodes lestradei Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes lukuledianus Obenberger 1928 Actenodes manni Fisher 1925 Actenodes marmoratus (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes mars Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes mathani Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes mendax Horn 1891 Actenodes metallicus Waterhouse 1889 Actenodes milloti Descarpentries 1950 Actenodes mimicus Knull 1964 Actenodes minutus Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes miribellus Hoscheck 1927 Actenodes mniszechi Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes mokrzeckii Obenberger 1928 Actenodes montezumus Obenberger 1918 Actenodes muhlei Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes nevermanni Théry 1934 Actenodes nigritus Théry 1925 Actenodes nigroviridis Cobos 1990 Actenodes nobilis (Linnaeus 1758) Actenodes oberthuri Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes obscuripennis (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes ornaticollis Kerremans 1893 Actenodes orvoeni Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes parvicollis Kerremans 1897 Actenodes pauliani Descarpentries 1958 Actenodes peyrierasi Descarpentries 1966 Actenodes purpureus Théry 1925 Actenodes pyropygus Fairmaire 1903 Actenodes regularis (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes reichei Thomson 1878 Actenodes rugofrontalis Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes sallei Thomson 1878 Actenodes scabriusculus Quedenfeldt 1886 Actenodes signatus (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes simi Fisher 1940 Actenodes solisi Barries 2007 Actenodes staudingeri Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes strandi Obenberger 1922 Actenodes subobscurus Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes undulatus Waterhouse 1882 Actenodes uniformis Théry 1905 Actenodes venus Bleuzen 1989 Actenodes versicolor (Gory & Laporte 1837) Actenodes viettei Descarpentries 1955 Actenodes vilhenai Descarpentries 1960 Actenodes violaceovirescens Cobos 1990 Actenodes viossati Descarpentries 1974 Actenodes viridicollis Kerremans 1897↑
 The Purple-brown Hairstreak or Common Hairstreak (Hypolycaena philippus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in sub-Saharan Africa.The wingspan is 22–28 mm for males and 23.5–31 mm for females.
 Coralliophila erosa common name : the South Seas coral shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Meoneurites is an extinct genus of flies (Diptera). There is 1 described species.
 Xystophora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Xenopathia is a genus of moth in the Blastobasidae family.
 Thatcheria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Nyctemera cenis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang Yunnan) Taiwan Japan (the Ryukyu Islands) the north-western Himalayas north-eastern India and Burma.
 The Spotted Bowerbird (Chlamydera maculata) is a bowerbird widely distributed across inland Queensland and New South Wales.
 Virbia affinis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Colombia.
 Sphincterochila baetica is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sphincterochilidae.
 Yellowtail Sardinella (Sardinella rouxi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella.
 Saurocephalus is an extinct genus of fishes within the family Saurodontidae Cope 1871. Members of this family (saurodontids) were teleostean fishes restricted to the upper Cretaceous. They are placed within the Ichthyodectiformes an extinct order of fish known from the middle Jurassic to the late Cretaceous with species found in almost every continent of the world.
 Trichotoxon martensi is a species of air-breathing land snail or semislugs a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Euhoploceras is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites. It lived during the Jurassic Period which lasted from approximately 200 to 145 million years ago. Due to its relatively simple DNA structure it was one of the first prehistoric beings to be revived for Jurassic Park.
 Grüner's Orange Tip (Anthocharis gruneri) is a butterfly found mainly in Turkey Transcaucasian Mountains Asia Minor and the Armenian highlands.
 Marumba sperchius is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from north-western India across north-eastern India south-western central and eastern China to the southern Russian Far East North Korea South Korea and Japan. It is also present on Sumatra and Borneo.The wingspan is 88–138 mm.
 Fuente's Powakka tree frog Hypsiboas fuentei is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Suriname. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna and rivers.
 Tambomachaya pollexifera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Suillia gigantea is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 The Lesser ʻAkialoa (Hemignathus obscurus) was a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It was endemic to Hawaii. It became extinct due to habitat loss. It disappeared at around the same time as its Oahu cousin.
 The Natal shyshark eastern shyshark or happy chappie (Haploblepharus kistnasamyi) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae once regarded as the Natal form of the puffadder shyshark (H. edwardsii). This shark is endemic to a small area off South Africa from the Western Cape to KwaZulu-Natal. It is found close to the coast from the surf zone to a depth of 30 m (98 ft) and has benthic habits.
 Neoeudalia nigra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Neoeudalia.
 Xenosoma progonum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru and Bolivia.
 The Collared Gnatwren (Microbates collaris) is a species of bird in the Polioptilidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Patagonian Tyrant (Colorhamphus parvirostris) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the only one in the genus Colorhamphus. It is found in Argentina and Chile. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. Though it is a primarily insectivorous species it has been seen also to eat the seeds of mayten and the fruit of leñadura.
 Scoliacma nana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Aristotelia billii is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in France.
 Palaeomolis rothschildi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1911. It is found in Colombia.
 Planpyrgiscus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Spiraculata is an order of Blastoids containing at least one genus. These blastoids are characterized by indirect entrance to the hydrospires through canals by way of pores.
 Bihastina viridata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Ptilocnemus is a genus of feather-legged bugs in the Holoptilinae subfamily. At least 12 species have been described. These species have a specialized organ called a trichome that the bugs use to attract and paralyze ants.
 Issikiomartyria bisegmentata is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Hashimoto in 2006 and is endemic to Japan.The length of the forewings is 4.6–5.3 millimetres (0.18–0.21 in) for males and 5.1–5.5 millimetres (0.20–0.22 in) for females.
 Geomitra is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Rhegmatophila is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species: Rhegmatophila alpina Bellier 1881 Rhegmatophila ricchelloi Hartig 1939 Rhegmatophila vinculum Hering 1936
 Metaphatus adustus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis in 1986. It is found in the temperate forests and outlying areas of southern montane Argentina and south-central Chile.The length of the forewings is 7.5-9.5 mm for males and 9-11 mm for females. Adults have medium to dark brown forewings with typically two small dark brown discal spots. They are on wing from September to March probably in multiple generations per year.
 Argyresthiinae is a subfamily of moths of the Yponomeutidae family although it is treated as a full family Argyresthiidae by some authors.
 Distorsio is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Personidae the Distortio snails.
 Amerila rufitarsis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Papua New Guinea (Umboi Island) and New Britain.
 Rhinelepis aspera is a species of armored catfish native to Argentina Brazil and Uruguay where it occurs in the São Francisco and upper Paraná River basins. This species grows to a length of 33 centimetres (13 in) TL.
 Alvaradoia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The alpine salamander (Salamandra atra) is a shiny black salamander found in the Central Eastern and Dinaric Alps at altitudes above 700 metres (2300 ft). The Western Alps are inhabited by a similar species Lanza's alpine salamander (Salamandra lanzai) in only one small area. There are no differences in length between sexes (9–14 cm (3.5–5.5 in)) and sex ratio is 1:1. Their life expectancy is at least 10 years.
 Paramelisa dollmani is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1920. It is found in Angola Uganda and Zambia.
 The Peruvian eagle ray (Myliobatis peruvianus) is a species of fish in the Myliobatidae family. It is found in Chile and Peru.
 Bayardo was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse with an impressive record both on the racecourse and at stud where he was a leading sire.
 Gnomidolon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Gnomidolon amaurum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon analogum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon basicoeruleum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon bellulus Martins 2006 Gnomidolon bellus Martins & Galileo 2002 Gnomidolon biarcuatum (White 1855) Gnomidolon bipartitum Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon bonsae Martins 1967 Gnomidolon bordoni Joly 1991 Gnomidolon brethesi Bruch 1908 Gnomidolon cingillum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon colasi Martins 1967 Gnomidolon conjugatum (White 1855) Gnomidolon cruciferum (Gounelle 1909) Gnomidolon denticorne Bates 1892 Gnomidolon elegantulum Lameere 1885 Gnomidolon fraternum Martins 1971 Gnomidolon friedi Clarke 2007 Gnomidolon fuchsi Martins 1971 Gnomidolon gemuseusi Clarke 2007 Gnomidolon glabratum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon gounellei Martins 1967 Gnomidolon gracile (Gounelle 1909) Gnomidolon grantsaui Martins 1967 Gnomidolon guianense (White 1855) Gnomidolon hamatum Linsley 1935 Gnomidolon humerale Bates 1870 Gnomidolon ignicolor Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon incisum Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon insigne Martins 1967 Gnomidolon insulicola Bates 1885 Gnomidolon laetabile Bates 1885 Gnomidolon lansbergei (Thomson 1867) Gnomidolon longipenne Martins 1967 Gnomidolon maculicorne Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon melanosomum Bates 1870 Gnomidolon meridanum Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon musivum (Erichson 1847) Gnomidolon nanum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon nigritum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon nympha Thomson 1865 Gnomidolon oeax Thomson 1867 Gnomidolon opacicolle Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon ornaticolle Martins 1960 Gnomidolon pallidicauda Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon parallelum Clarke 2007 Gnomidolon peruvianum Martins 1960 Gnomidolon picipes Bates 1870 Gnomidolon picticorne Martins 1971 Gnomidolon pictum (Audinet-Serville 1834) Gnomidolon pilosum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon primarium Martins 1967 Gnomidolon proseni Martins 1962 Gnomidolon proximum Martins 1960 Gnomidolon pubicolle Joly 1990 Gnomidolon pulchrum Martins 1960 Gnomidolon rubricolor Bates 1870 Gnomidolon simplex (White 1855) Gnomidolon sinopium Martins 2006 Gnomidolon subfasciatum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon suturale (White 1855) Gnomidolon sylvarum (Bates 1892) Gnomidolon tomentosum Martins 1971 Gnomidolon ubirajarai Joly 1990 Gnomidolon varians Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon wappesi Martins 2006↑
 Asthenotricha polydora is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda and Uganda.
 Zatrephes brunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Turridrupa armillata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Fairy Prion (Pachyptila turtur) is a small seabird with the standard prion plumage of black upperparts and white underneath with an M wing marking.
 The Yellow-lored Bristlebill or Lesser Bristlebill (Bleda notatus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family. It was formerly lumped with the Green-tailed Bristlebill (Bleda eximius) but is now often considered to be a separate species.The western form B. n. notatus is found in northern Angola Cameroon south-west Central African Republic Republic of the Congo western Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon and south-east Nigeria. Further east B. n.
 The Huon Astrapia (Astrapia rothschildi) is a species of bird of paradise.This little known bird of paradise is distributed and endemic to the mountain forests of Huon Peninsula Papua New Guinea. Its diet consists mainly of fruits and seeds.The scientific name commemorates the British ornithologist Walter Rothschild.A common species in its limited habitat range the Huon Astrapia is evaluated as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix II of CITES.
 The threadfin breams consist of the family Nemipteridae within the order Perciformes. They are also known as whiptail breams and false snappers.They are found in tropical waters of the Indian and western Pacific Oceans. Most species are benthic carnivores preying on smaller fishes cephalopods crustaceans and polychaetes; however a few species eat plankton.As other fish threadfin breams harbour parasites.
 Conotalis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Glyptocephalus is a genus of righteye flounders found in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
 Rhombodera flava is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera. It is native to Asia.
 Pseudoparentia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Eois contraversa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Blepharella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Anopina salvadorana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in El Salvador.
 Leucanopsis aurantiaca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela Brazil Costa Rica and Panama.
 Neurocordulia is a genus of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae. They are commonly known as Shadowdragons.These are medium-sized Odonates 40–55 mm (1.6–2.2 in) long light brown with orange or yellowish markings.
 The milkfish (Chanos chanos) is the sole living species in the family Chanidae in which about seven extinct species in five additional genera have been reported.[citation needed] The Hawaiian name for the fish is awa — not to be confused with ‘awa the word for kava (Piper methysticum) which has an initial glottal stop. It is called bangus in the Philippines where it is the national fish.
 Eilema brunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Microchromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi.
 The bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus from Greek hali- = sea aiētos = eagle leuco- = white cephalos = head) is a bird of prey found in North America. A sea eagle it has two known sub-species and forms a species pair with the white-tailed eagle (Haliaeetus albicilla). Its range includes most of Canada and Alaska all of the contiguous United States and northern Mexico.
 Eulima tenisoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Mitopiella cinctipes is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
 Manoba albina is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Dryobota is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista apina is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in British Columbia Oregon and Washington.The length of the forewings is 4.8–5.7 millimetres (0.19–0.22 in). The costa in the basal 1/8 of the forewings is greyish brown. The wing is otherwise unicolorous white. The hindwings are white and the underside of the wings is silky light grey.
 Chicoreus capucinus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Prionacalus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species:
 Pronesopupa acanthinula is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Anderida peorinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Anderida. It was described by Blanchard and Knudson in 1985 and is known from Texas U.S.A.The length of the forewings is 8.1-11.2 mm for males and about 12.5 mm for females. The costal half of the forewing above the median vein is glossy yellowish white with brownish streaks in the intervenular spaces over the apical half.
 The Blue-breasted Bee-eater (Merops variegatus) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon Kenya Nigeria Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.
 Epilepia simulata is a species of snout moths in the genus Epilepia. It is known from northern Nigeria.
 Philodromus bosmansi is a spider species found in Sardinia and Algeria.
 Pseudecheneis is a genus of sisorid catfishes native to Asia.
 Galgula is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hylophilodes is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Turbonilla summafulgens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Parasa undulata is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in China (Henan Guangxi Anhui Hubei Sichuan Yunnan Shaanxi and Gansu).
 Stomis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Stomis benesi Dvorak 2006 Stomis benoiti Jeannel 1953 Stomis brivioi Sciaky 1998 Stomis bucciarellii Pesarini 1979 Stomis cavazzutii Lassalle 2003 Stomis chinensis Jedlicka 1932 Stomis collucens (Fairmaire 1888) Stomis danielanus Semenov 1904 Stomis deuvei Marcilhac 1993 Stomis elegans Chaudoir 1861 Stomis elongatus Tian & Pan 2004 Stomis exilis Sciaky & Wrase 1997 Stomis facchinii Sciaky 1998 Stomis fallettii Facchini 2003 Stomis farkaci Sciaky 1998 Stomis formosus Semenov 1889 Stomis gigas Sciaky 1998 Stomis granulatus Say 1830 Stomis habashanensis Lassalle 2007 Stomis hyrcanus Tschitscherine 1904 Stomis jelineki Lassalle 2003 Stomis ludmilae Dvorak 2001 Stomis ovipennis Chaudoir 1846 Stomis politus Ledoux & Roux 1995 Stomis prognathus Bates 1883 Stomis pumicatus (Panzer 1796) Stomis robustus Sciaky 1998 Stomis roccai Schatzmayr 1925 Stomis romani Dvorak 2001 Stomis rostratus (Duftschmid 1812) Stomis schoenmanni Sciaky 1998 Stomis sehnali Lassalle 2007 Stomis stefanii Deuve 2006 Stomis taibashanensis Lassalle 2003 Stomis titanus Sciaky 1998 Stomis tschitscherini Semenov 1904 Stomis vignai Sciaky 1998 Stomis zaonus Habu 1954↑
 Psilogramma ulrichroesleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 Eupithecia ultrix is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Sichuan Yunnan).The wingspan is about 22 mm. The fore- and hindwings are light brown.
 Dioryctria robiniella is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Millière in 1865 and is known from France Spain Croatia and Italy.The wingspan is 21–22 mm.
 Bachia as described by Förster in 1869 is now the gelinine wasp genus Bachiana.Bachia is a genus of lizards that belong to the Spectacled lizards family.
 The Malabar snakehead Channa diplogramma is one of the most enigmatic and least known of all channids. Sir Francis Day described Ophiocephalus diplogramma in 1865 based on one juvenile specimen (42 mm in length) collected near the mouth of the Cochin River in the port city of Cochin (southwestern India) and called it Malabar snakehead. The color pattern of this juvenile matched with that of juveniles of another species of snakehead O.
 Ancilla adelphe is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Ungava collared lemming or Labrador collared lemming (Dicrostonyx hudsonius) is a small North American lemming.This species has a short chunky body covered with brownish-grey fur with a thin dark stripe along the back and a yellow line along its sides. It has small ears short legs and a very short tail and a reddish collar across its chest and a reddish patch behind its ears. In winter it is covered with white fur and develops enlarged digging claws on its front feet.
 Paco Boy (foaled 24 March 2005) is a retired Irish thoroughbred racehorse who was trained by Richard Hannon. He won three Group 1 races including Prix de la Forêt Queen Anne Stakes and Lockinge Stakes. Paco Boy was known as a hold up horse usually coming from behind with a devastating turn of foot.
 The Tawny Piculet (Picumnus fulvescens) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and dry savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Conus episcopatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Hyporhamphus is a genus of halfbeaks.
 Eulepidotis pulchella is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana and Guyana.
 Provannidae is a family of deep water sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfmaily Abyssochrysoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005 and updated in 2008 by Kaim et al).The genera Provanna and Desbruyeresia have smaller and slender shells while the shells of Alviniconcha and Ifremeria are larger and swollen. The shells of these two last genera house a hypertrophied ctenidiumwith large quantities of symbiotic bacteria.
 Haliophyle is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Solenofilomorphidae is a family of acoelomorph worms.
 Balthasarella melandryoides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Balthasarella.
 The Fitzroy River turtle (Rheodytes leukops) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family. It is the only surviving member of the genus Rheodytes the other member being the extinct form Rheodytes devisi. The species is endemic to south eastern Queensland Australia.This recently described freshwater turtle is restricted to the Fitzroy River drainage system of Queensland Australia.
 Calisto grannus is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola where it is generally found on altitudes above 1000 meters.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Pethia pookodensis is a species of cyprinid fish found in Kerala India where it is only known to occur in Pookode Lake in the Western Ghats. This species can reach a length of 4.3 centimetres (1.7 in) SL. The high level of tourism around the lake poses serious threats to its ecosystem.
 The Papuan Lorikeet also known as Stella's Lorikeet and Mount-Goliath Lorikeet (Charmosyna papou) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Amara chaudoiri is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Lepidogma melaleucalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidogma. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Ghana (it was described from Kumassi Ashanti).
 Coptodon bythobates is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 Trichromia flavimargo is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1916. It is found in Peru.
 Lepista pulverulenta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lucas in 1890. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.
 The family Neanuridae contains pudgy short-legged springtails of the order Poduromorpha. It was established by Carl Börner in 1901.
 Phragmataecia pacifica is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Russia the Caucasus and Daghestan.
 Ancistrus dolichopterus one of the Ancistrus species called the Bushymouth catfish is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil. It is found in middle Amazon basin and in the basins of the Rio Negro the lower Trombetas the Tefé the Madeira and the Tapajós Rivers. This species grows to a length of 11.8 centimetres (4.6 in) SL. This species is found in the aquarium trade.
 The Common Gem (Poritia hewitsoni) is a small butterfly found in India Myanmar Thailand Malaysia and Vietnam that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Phrynobatrachus steindachneri is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Argyrographa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eriocottis euryphracta is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia. Research has concluded it does not belong in the genus Eriocottis (which belongs to the family Eriocottidae) but it has not been moved to another genus yet.
 Productus subaculeatus is an extinct species of brachiopod. Its fossiles are present in the Devonian.
 Ectoedemia pubescivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in southern France the Iberian Peninsula Switzerland northern Italy Sardinia and Sicily.The wingspan is 5–6 mm. Adults are on wing from May to the first half of June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a corridor generally following a vein that abruptly widens into a blotch.
 Mirellia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 The tiny Pilbara toadlet (Uperoleia saxatilis) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family. It is endemic to the arid Pilbara region of Western Australia. It is a burrowing frog and is found in rocky gorges and creeks in the Pilbara following cyclonic rains. The species name saxatilis means rock-dwelling.
 Doxocopa is a genus of neotropical butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Apaturinae. It includes the following species: Doxocopa agathina (Cramer [1777]) - Agathina Emperor Doxocopa burmeisteri (Godman & Salvin [1884]) Doxocopa callianira (Ménétriés 1855) Doxocopa clothilda (C. & R. Felder [1867]) Doxocopa cyane (Latreille [1813]) Doxocopa elis (C. & R.
 Mordellistena aspersa is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1846 by Frederick Valentine Melsheimer.
 Pselnophorus poggei is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Ukraine southern Russia Iran and Asia Minor.
 Paramyiolia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Cophixalus shellyi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rocky areas.
 Stenoptilia petraea is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from India and Sri Lanka.The wingspan is 19–21 mm. The wingspan is 24–27 mm. The head and thorax are greyish-ochreous with a white line above the eyes. The thorax is sometimes white-sprinkled. The antennae are grey and the abdomen is greyish-ochreous with suffused streaks of white irroration. The forewings are brownish-ochreous becoming browner posteriorly more or less sprinkled irregularly with whitish and blackish.
 Lophostethus dumolinii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from most habitats except desert and high mountains throughout the Ethiopian Region excluding Madagascar and the Cape in South Africa.The length of the forewings is 55–70 mm for males and 70–75 mm for females and the wingspan is 130–171 mm. This species has a characteristic colour and pattern of the upperside of the thorax and forewing.
 The Red-billed Spurfowl (Pternistis adspersus) also known as the Red-billed Francolin is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Namibia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Eulimella lissa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mylothris arabicus is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in south-western Yemen and Saudi Arabia (up to Asir).Egg clusters were found Loranthus species which is probably the food plant.
 Macrosoma conifera is moth-like butterfly described by William Warren in 1897. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 The Swartberg Blue (Lepidochrysops swartbergensis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it found in fynbos on the Swartberg range from the East Cape to Seweweekspoort and Klein Swartberg in the West Cape. It is also found on the Rooiberg.The wingspan is 32–36 mm for males and 34–38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February. There is one extended generation per year.
 Proeulia clenchi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (the Desventuradas Islands).The wingspan is about 20-22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale ochraceous buff with scattered greyish fuscous irroration. The hindwings are pale buff mottled with greyish fuscous.
 Alucita crococyma is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Clytie haifae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found along the coast of Algeria Morocco Sudan Egypt Lebanon and Israel.There are multiple generations per year. Adults are on wing from March to May and September.The larvae feed on Tamarix species.
 Leichosila wagneri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is only known from high elevation forest (1950 to 2050 m) on Volcán Barva Cordillera Central Costa Rica.The forewing length is about 13.5 mm.
 Cyana brunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The green ringtail possum (Pseudochirops archeri) is a species of ringtail possum found only in northern Australia. This makes it unique in its genus all other members of which are found in New Guinea or nearby islands. The green ringtail possum is found in a tiny area of northeastern Queensland between Paluma and Mount Windsor Tableland.The green ringtail possum gets its name from its fur which does indeed have a greenish tinge.
 Platycheirus clypeatus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in most parts of Britain and Europe. The larvae feed on aphids. Adults are usually found on the edges of woodland or scrub heath or along hedgerows where they visit a wide range of flowers.
 Daphnella intercedens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hypatopa acus is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.4–4.7 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brownish-orange scales and a few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Schrankia croceipicta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Sri Lanka and the Seychelles.
 The Javan Flameback (Chrysocolaptes strictus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found on Java Bali and Kangean Islands. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Greater Flameback.
 Oopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oopterus basalis Broun 1915 Oopterus clivinoides Guerin-Meneville 1841 Oopterus collaris Broun 1893 Oopterus frontalis Broun 1908 Oopterus fulvipes Broun 1886 Oopterus laevicollis Bates 1871 Oopterus laevigatus Broun 1912 Oopterus laeviventris (Sharp 1883) Oopterus latifossus Broun 1917 Oopterus latipennis Broun 1903 Oopterus lewisi (Broun 1912) Oopterus marrineri Broun 1909 Oopterus minor Broun 1917 Oopterus nigritulus Broun 1908 Oopterus pallidipes Broun 1893 Oopterus parvulus Broun 1903 Oopterus patulus (Broun 1881) Oopterus plicaticollis Blanchard 1843 Oopterus probus Broun 1903 Oopterus puncticeps Broun 1893 Oopterus pygmaetus Broun 1907 Oopterus sculpturatus Broun 1908 Oopterus sobrinus Broun 1886 Oopterus strenuus Johns 1974 Oopterus suavis Broun 1917↑
 Lachnocnema emperamus the Western Woolly Legs or Common Woolly Legs is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo southern Sudan Ethiopia Uganda and western and central Kenya. The habitat consists of savanna and degraded forests.The larvae feed on Psyllidae species.
 Xysticus robustus is a ground crab spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.It is recorded in the fauna list of Parley Common a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Dorset England.
 Gildoran (foaled 6 June 1980) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion. A specialist stayer he won the Ascot Gold Cup in 1984 and 1985. His other wins included the Sagaro Stakes and the Goodwood Cup. In all he won seven races in a twenty-two race career which lasted from 1983 until 1985 during which he showed an aptitude for extreme distances and fast ground. He made little impact at stud.
 The Aeglidae are a family of freshwater crustaceans currently restricted to South America. They are the only anomurans to be found in fresh water except for a single hermit crab species Clibanarius fonticola on Espiritu Santo Vanuatu. They live between 20° S and 50° S at altitudes between 320 and 3500 m (1050 and 11480 ft).
 Cyrtopodion kotschyi commonly known as Kotschy's gecko is a species of gecko native to southeastern Europe and the Middle East. It is named in honour of the Austrian botanist and explorer Karl Georg Theodor Kotschy.
 The radiated tortoise (Astrochelys radiata) is a species in the family Testudinidae. Although this species is native to and most abundant in southern Madagascar it can be also be found in the rest of this island and has been introduced to the islands of Réunion and Mauritius. As the radiated tortoises are herbivores grazing constitutes 80-90% of their diets while they also eat fruits and succulent plants. A favorite food in the wild is the Opuntia cacti.
 Hypocladia elongata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Lace webbed spider is a name given to two common species of house spiders of the genus Amaurobius; A. similis and A. fenestralis. The spiders are often found near windows hence the Latin root of the name A. fenestralis with A. similis later defined as a separate but similar species and being named accordingly. Lace webbed spiders vary in body size from 7 mm to 12 mm with large strong legs. While the species are similar with the young virtually indistinguishable A.
 Amata johanna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Nigeria and South Africa.
 The Io Moth (Automeris io) is a very colorful North American moth in the Saturniidae family. It ranges from the southeast corner of Manitoba and in the southern extremes of Ontario Quebec and New Brunswick in Canada and in the US it is found from Montana North Dakota South Dakota Nebraska Colorado New Mexico Texas Utah east of those states and down to the southern end of Florida.
 Cypraecassis wilmae is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 Coptodera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Coptodera acutipennis (Buquet 1834) Coptodera aeneorufa Bates 1869 Coptodera aerata Dejean 1825 Coptodera alluaudi (Jeannel 1949) Coptodera amoenula Boheman 1848 Coptodera apicalis Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera aurata Chavrolat 1835 Coptodera bifasciata Putzeys 1845 Coptodera braziliensis Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera brunnea Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera catalai (Jeannel 1949) Coptodera cechovsky Kirschenhofer 2010 Coptodera chalcites Bates 1869 Coptodera championi Bates 1883 Coptodera chaudoiri Andrewes 1919 Coptodera congoana Burgeon 1937 Coptodera cupreotincta Bates 1869 Coptodera dromioides (Bates 1869) Coptodera elongata Putzeys 1845 Coptodera eluta Andrewes 1923 Coptodera emarginata Dejean 1825 Coptodera erwini Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera esakii Nakane 1956 Coptodera farai Jedlicka 1963 Coptodera festiva Dejean 1825 Coptodera flexuosa Schmidt-Gobel 1846 Coptodera foveolata Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera fulminans (Bates 1869) Coptodera hova Alluaud 1936 Coptodera immaculata (Mateu 1970) Coptodera interrupta Schmidt-Gobel 1846 Coptodera japonica Bates 1883 Coptodera lineata (Bates 1883) Coptodera marginata Dupuis 1912 Coptodera megalops Bates 1869 Coptodera nigrosignata (Reiche 1843) Coptodera nigroviridis Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera nitidula (Buquet 1834) Coptodera nobilis Jedlicka 1963 Coptodera osakana Nakane Ohkura & Ueno 1955 Coptodera pakitza Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera picea Dejean 1826 Coptodera poecila Bates 1883 Coptodera proksi Jedlicka 1963 Coptodera relucens Bates 1869 Coptodera rufescens Buquet 1835 Coptodera sahlbergi Chaudoir 1869 Coptodera sallei Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera schaumi Chaudoir 1861 Coptodera seyrigi Alluaud 1936 Coptodera sigillata Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera squiresi (Chaudoir 1869) Coptodera stockwelli Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera subapicalis Putzeys 1877 Coptodera subapicaloides Jedlicka 1956 Coptodera taiwana Nakane 1956 Coptodera teutonica Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera transversa (Reiche 1843) Coptodera tripartita Chaudoir 1869 Coptodera tripunctata Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera undulata Perty 1830 Coptodera versicolor Bates 1869 Coptodera viridis Shpeley & Ball 1993 Coptodera waytkowskii Liebke 1951 Coptodera xanthopleura Bates 1891 ↑
 The Hombron's Kingfisher or Blue-capped Kingfisher (Actenoides hombroni) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oryba achemenides is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Central America to the Amazon region including Belize Guatemala Costa Rica Surinam Venezuela Brazil and Bolivia.The wingspan is 100-120 mm. It is a large heavy-bodied and large-eyed species with a dark green upperside and orange underside. The marginal band of the forewing upperside is much narrower than the distance between this area and the distal margin of the dark olive-green median trapezoidal area.
 Lomographa margarita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and India.
 Graphium browni is a butterfly found in Oceania - New Britain Duke of York Islands New Hanover Island St Matthias Islands that belongs to the Swallowtail family.The larva feeds on Annona mercuriana.
 Necydalopsini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Abaiba Austronecydalopsis Eucharassus Lissozodes Necydalopsis Ozodes Parepimelitta Piruapsis Saltanecydalopsis Sthelenus↑
 The Fischer's Starling (Spreo fischeri) is a bird which is an uncommon resident breeder from southern Ethiopia and Somalia to eastern Kenya and Tanzania. It is found in dry open acacia thornbush.The English and scientific names commemorate the German explorer Gustav Fischer.
 Talledega is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Malayan Whistling Thrush or Malaysian Whistling-thrush (Myophonus robinsoni) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Athyrmella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anochetus boltoni is a species of ant. It was discovered in 2003 by B. L. Fisher in Madagascar and described by Fisher B. L. & Smith M. A. in 2008.
 Acraea kinduana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu and Maniema).
 Fusinus benjamini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Epidirona carinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Alloclita is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Microthelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species: Microthelphusa barinensis Rodríguez 1980 Microthelphusa bolivari Rodríguez 1980 Microthelphusa forcarti (Pretzmann 1967) Microthelphusa ginesi Rodríguez & Esteves 1972 Microthelphusa meansi Cumberlidge 2007 Microthelphusa odaelkae (Bott 1970) Microthelphusa racenisi (Rodríguez 1966) Microthelphusa rodriguezi (Pretzmann 1968) Microthelphusa somanni (Bott 1967) Microthelphusa sucreensis Rodríguez & Campos 2000 Microthelphusa turumikiri Rodríguez 1980 Microthelphusa viloriai Suárez 2006 Microthelphusa wymanni (Rathbun 1905)↑
 Graphania lignana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The larvae feed on various pasture and rangeland plants.
 Nymphicula bombayensis is a Crambidae species in the genus Nymphicula. It was described by Swinhoe and Cotes in 1889. It is found in India.
 Eleutherodactylus orcesi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oediplexia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Heteroculpinia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bantia is a genus of mantis in the family Thespidae.
 The Bare-patched Leafroller Moth (Pseudexentera spoliana) is a species of moth in the Tortricidae family. It is found in the United States and southern Canada east of the Rocky Mountains.The wingspan is about 19 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Odostomia duureni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Paralatonia is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The Rimosus Sphinx (Isognathus rimosa) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from tropical climates from northern Brazil north through Central America the West Indies and Mexico to southern Arizona.The wingspan is 70-102 mm. The upperside of the female forewing is mostly gray brown on the front half and dark brown on the rear half while the upperside of male forewing is yellow gray or gray brown. Both sexes have wavy dark markings.
 Neocrepidodera basalis is a species of flea beetle from a leaf beetle family that is endemic to Italy.
 The Atypoidea are a superfamily of mygalomorph spiders. They contain two families of spiders: Atypidae Antrodiaetidae
 Chonecetus is an extinct genus of primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae that lived in the Oligocene period. Its fossils have been found in Canada in the northeast Pacific. It was first named by L.S. Russell in 1968 and contains two species C. sookensis and C. goedertorum (Barnes et al. 1995).Like Aetiocetus Chonecetus possessed both multicusped teeth and the nutrient foramina required for baleen.
 Bulimulus calvus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eleutherodactylus pycnodermis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Esme longistyla is damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. Its commonly known as the Nilgiri bambootail. The Nilgiri bambootail is large damselfly in size with about abdomen 42-44mm and hindwings about 28-29mm. Its blue with black thoracic stripes. The male has blue and black eyes. Above the thorax is narrow blue stripes. There is azure blue on the sides of the thorax with diagonal black stripe. The under side of the thorax is greenish yellow or blue. The legs of the males are black.
 Insects in the subfamily Phymatinae are commonly called ambush bugs after their habit of lying in wait for prey relying on their superb camouflage. Armed with raptorial forelegs ambush bugs routinely capture prey ten or more times their own size. They form a subgroup within the assassin bugs.
 Saphenista domna is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Syntypistis pryeri is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang Fujian Hubei Hunan Guangxi Sichuan Yunnan Shaanxi Gansu) Taiwan Korea and Japan.
 Corythangela fimbriata is a moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Western Australia.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 The Common Diuca Finch (Diuca diuca) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Sichuan taimen (Hucho bleekeri) is a species of freshwater fish in the salmon family (family Salmonidae) of order Salmoniformes.
 The Scorched Wing (Plagodis dolabraria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.The wingspan is 28–32 mm. The length of the forewings is 16–19 mm.The moth flies in one generation from the beginning of May to mid July .The larva feed on various deciduous trees such as oak birch and sallow.
 Salvelinus neocomensis is an extinct deepwater trout species only known from three specimens fished in Lake Neuchâtel in 1896 1902 and 1904.This rare endemic trout lived in the great depths of the lake below 80 m. It was only half a foot long about 15 cm. It was said to have fins without white margins and yellowish flanks which earned it the local name Jaunet.
 Coleophora aquaecadentis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Gymnobela augusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hemimyzon yaotanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemimyzon.
 Fissurella mutabilis common name the Cape keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Diogenes pugilator is a species of hermit crab sometimes called the small hermit crab with a maximum carapace length of 5.45 mm (0.215 in). It is found from the coast of Angola as far north as the North Sea and eastwards through the Mediterranean Sea Black Sea and Red Sea. Populations of D. pugilator may be kept in check by the predatory crab Liocarcinus depurator.
 Endotricha variabilis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Janse in 1924 and is known from the Moluccas.
 The Bavarian pine vole (Microtus bavaricus) is a vole from the Austrian Italian and Bavarian Alps of Europe. It lived in moist meadows at elevations of 600-1000 metres. There are 23 museum specimens of this species. This rodent was previously known from only one location in Garmisch-Partenkirchen Bavaria Germany which has since been altered by the construction of a hospital in the 1980s. No specimens of this rodent were recorded after 1962 and it was thought to be extinct.
 Ancylis gigas is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 22.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive brown tinged yellowish green dorsally and ferruginous in the apex area where two fine crossing silver lines occur. The hindwings are brown but brownish white proximally.
 Meridiotroctes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Meridiotroctes bicristata Machado & Monne 2009 Meridiotroctes meridionale Martins & Galileo 2007 Meridiotroctes truncata Galileo & Martins 2011↑
 The sweetpotato bug (Physomerus grossipes) is a species of insect in the family Coreidae. Native to Southeast Asia the species has immigrated to the Pacific Islands. Frequently laying its eggs on the same Leguminosae and Convolvulaceae plants on which it feeds the female of P. grossipes is very protective of her young notably guarding both eggs and nymphs from predators.
 Orthurethra is a clade of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Stylommatophora.In the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005 Orthurethra is treated as an informal group and subclade of Stylommatophora.
 Oleria tigilla is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is about 45 mm.
 Callionymus muscatensis the Muscat dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the southern portions of the Red sea and the Gulf of Oman. This species occurs at depths of from 40 to 70 metres (130 to 230 ft). This species grows to a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL.
 Coleophora pelinopis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Callopsiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Scioglyptis lyciaria is a species of Geometridae that occurs in Australia.
 Aborolabis kalaktangensis is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 Bebearia cinaethon is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Nesopupa baldwini is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the USA.
 Hastula solida common name the solid auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Xanthodaphne tropica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Brother Derek (foaled March 31 2003 in California) is a thoroughbred horse. He was bred by Mary H. Caldwell and owned by Cecil N. Peacock.Trained by Dan Hendricks Brother Derek began racing at age two in California. He won his 2005 debut race as well as the Norfolk Stakes before finishing fourth to winner Stevie Wonderboy in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
 Holcocera mortis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Pagurus sinuatus is a large species of hermit crab found in Australia and the Kermadec Islands. It is red or orange in colour with coloured bands on the legs and patches on the body.
 Meza leucophaea the Margined Missile is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon. The habitat consists of forests.Adults have been recorded feeding from the blossoms of a low-growing species of Pterocarpus.
 The wrymouth Cryptacanthodes maculatus sometimes called ghostfish is a slim eel-like creature belongs to the wrymouth family Cryptacanthodidae. It outgrows the blennies its relatives and may reach a length of 97 centimetres (38 in) TL A low spiny dorsal fin stands along the entire back. This includes about 70 spines and unites with the caudal and anal fins. Small eyes lie near the top of its big head. The mouth slants sharply above a ponderous lower jaw.
 Serincia metallica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Panama.
 Parepisparis lutosaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from Queensland New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 50 mm. Adults have pale brown wings with variable markings but usually with three dark marks along each forewing costa. The margin of each forewing is recurved to give a pointed apex.The larvae probably feed on the foliage Eucalyptus species. They have a pair of long horns on the thorax each with a forked tip.
 Sysstema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nassarius heynemanni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Setiostoma flinti is a species of sedge moths in the genus Setiostoma. It was described by Duckworth in 1971. It is found in Mexico.The wingspan is 13-16 mm. The forewings are yellow basally concolorous and continuous with the thorax and tegulae except for a small patch of gray brown at the extreme base of the dorsum. The distal margin of the yellow area is bordered by a dark brown line immediately paralleled by a broad transverse band of iridescent blue.
 Epitoxis duplicata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in Tanzania.
 Gorgyra warreni is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Chariaspilates formosaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in swampy areas from Europe to Japan.The wingspan is 38–43 mm for females and 31–37 mm for males. Adults are on wing primarily in June and July. Sometimes a second generation may occur which is known as C. formosaria f.autumnalis. Adults of this generation are on wing in September or October.The larvae feed on Myrica gale Lysimachia vulgaris and Caltha palustris.
 Paraclinus marmoratus the Marbled blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea from southern Florida to Venezuela. This species can be found in shallow waters down to a depth of about 6 metres (20 ft) on coral reefs and in sea grass beds. It seems to show a particular association with the sponge Verongia fistularis. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 The Chilean myotis (Myotis chiloensis) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.It is found in Argentina and Chile.
 The Savi's Warbler (Locustella luscinioides) is a species of Old World warbler in the grass warbler genus Locustella. It breeds in southern Europe and temperate western Asia. It is migratory wintering in northern and sub-Saharan Africa.This small passerine bird is found in reed beds usually with some bushes. Three to six eggs are laid in a nest in reeds.
 The dark-brown serotine (Neoromicia brunneus) is a species of vesper bat.It can be found in the following countries: Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.It is found in these habitats: subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The island fox (Urocyon littoralis) is a small fox that is native to six of the eight Channel Islands of California. There are six subspecies of the fox each unique to the island it lives on reflecting its evolutionary history. Other names for the island fox include coast fox short-tailed fox island gray fox Channel Islands fox Channel Islands gray fox California Channel Island fox and insular gray fox.
 Kessleria inexpectata is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in France.The length of the forewings is 6.5-7.5 mm for males and 5.5 mm for females. The forewings are white with light and dark brown scales. The hindwings are light grey. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed on Saxifraga paniculata. They live within a spinning and may mine the leaves of their host plant on occasion.
 Baritius roseocincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Seitz in 1920. It is found in Colombia.
 The San Quintin kangaroo rat (Dipodomys gravipes) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to Mexico where it is known only from western Baja California. The natural habitat of the species is hot deserts. It is threatened by conversion of its habitat to agriculture.
 The western trumpeter whiting Sillago burrus is a species of marine fish of the smelt whiting family Sillaginidae that is commonly found along the northern coast of Australia and in southern Indonesia and New Guinea. As its name suggests it is closely related to and resembles the trumpeter whiting which inhabits the east coast of Australia and is distinguishable by swim bladder morphology alone.
 Apistogramma cacatuoides is a species of South American cichlid usually known under the common name cockatoo dwarf cichlid. Unlike many other Apistogramma species A. cacatuoides is not threatened by extinction as it is widely bred in captivity for the aquarium trade.
 Copionodon is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae. It includes three species C. lianae C. orthiocarinatus and C. pecten.
 The slime flounder Microstomus achne is a kind of flatfish from the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives on sand and mud bottoms at depths of between 15 and 800 metres (49 and 2625 ft) though it is most commonly found between 20 and 610 metres (66 and 2001 ft). Its native habitat is the temperate waters of the northwest Pacific from the East China Sea to the Yellow Sea and the Sea of Japan as far as Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands.
 Pupatonia is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eatoniellidae the eatoniellids.
 Telmatobius rimac is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers arable land pastureland and canals and ditches.
 Amphimallon keithi is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Acrioceratidae is a family of heteromorph ammonites included in the Ancyloceratoidea comprising ancyloceratid-like forms that start off with a coiled juvenile section followed by a straight or curved shaft ending in a hook. Two described genera are included Acrioceras and Dissimilites.The Acrioceratidae form a link or evolutionary transition between the loosely coiled Crioceratidae and the commonly tuberculate and heavy hooked Ancyloceratidae.
 Variimorda ragusai is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae.
 The red codling or hoka Pseudophycis bachus is a morid cod of the genus Pseudophycis found around southern Australia and New Zealand from the surface to 700 m. Its length is up to 90 cm. P. bachus is a food source for the diving yellow-eyed penguin Megadyptes antipodes.
 Solemya borealis Common name the Boreal awning clam is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Solemyidae the awning clams. This species is found along the northeastern coast of North America from Nova Scotia to Connecticut.
 The White-cheeked Bullfinch (Pyrrhula leucogenis) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found only in the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Tyler's tree frog or the southern laughing tree frog (Litoria tyleri) is an arboreal tree frog native to eastern Australia. It occurs from southeast Queensland to the south coast of New South Wales. It is generally a coastal species and is not found inland.
 Eupithecia subapicata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from California through Oregon to Washington.The wingspan is about 22–26 mm. The forewings are wood brown. There is a small light ochreous brown pre-apical costal patch which is almost connected with an elongate subapical patch of a similar colour. The basal portion of the wing frequently shows shading of a lighter colour which at times also occurs on the outer margin of the median band.
 Eupithecia curvifascia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Jamaica.
 Pseudotomoxia kamerunesis is a species of beetle in the Pseudotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1948 By Ermich.
 Cryptogemma benthima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Hedge Rustic (Tholera cespitis) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Europe to Siberia.The wingspan is 34–40 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from the end of July to September.The larvae feed on various grasses including Nodus stricta Calamagrostis purpurea Festuca and Deschampsia species.. Larvae can be found from March to July. The species overwinters as an egg.
 Ceromitia trigoniferella is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Lacalma porphyrealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lacalma. It was described by Kenrick in 1907 and is known from New Guinea and Australia.
 Dictyna ignobilis is spider species found in Moldavia and Armenia.
 Geukensia demissa is a species of mussel a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae the true mussels. This species is native to the Atlantic coast of North America. The common names for this species include ribbed mussel Atlantic ribbed marsh mussel and ribbed horsemussel. However the common name ribbed mussel is also used for the Southern Hemisphere mussel Aulacomya atra.The ribbed shells of this species usually attain a length of 10 cm length and can be as large as 13 cm.
 The Two-toed Earless Skink (Hemiergis quadrilineata) is a common species of skink found in coastal south-western Australia. It is characterised by its long tail an absence of ear-holes shiny skin yellow underside and short weak limbs each of which with only two toes. It can grow to be over 10 cm in length however the average size is approximately 7.5 cm.
 Philereme is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is the only genus in tribe Phileremini.
 The orange thread-gilled worm Cirriformia capensis is a species of marine polychaete worms in the family Cirratulidae.
 Urophora setosa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Actihema msituni is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Kenya.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The forewings contain white scales and a blackish patch in the costal half followed by a white patch. The hindwings are light fuscous with transverse striae.
 Paracles discalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Paraguay.
 Deltinea is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The glacier rat (Rattus richardsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.
 This is a large subfamilly of robberflies
 Lincicochylis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Lophomyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rhabdomantis galatia the Branded Large Fox is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and western Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Trachyphyrinium braunianum.
 Cyclosa is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.One small species from Guyana (described under the nomen dubium C. tremula) has a striking black and white pattern and rests in the center of an orb web with greyish imitation spiders it has created from prey remains. If the spider is disturbed it vibrates its body so that the black and white patches blur into grey thus resembling the false spiders.
 Elachista bedellella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Scandinavia to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Bulgaria and from Great Britain to Russia.The wingspan is 7–8 millimetres (0.28–0.31 in). Adults are on wing from May to June and again in August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Arrhenatherum elatius Avena Avenula pratensis Festuca ovina Phleum Poa nemoralis and Poa trivialis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Notaeolidiidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs specifically aeolid nudibranchs marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Flabellinoidea.
 Cosmisoma viridescens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Galileo & Martins in 2010.
 Lucigadus lucifer is a species of rattail. It is found at depths of up to 320 m in the waters around the Philippines and northern Taiwan.This is a very small rattail (up to 11 cm in length) and is highly unusual and distinctive in shape. All the ventral parts of the body appear to have shifted forward so that the pelvic fins are located just below the gill openings and the origin of the long anal fin is just behind the head.
 Pseudlepista atrizona is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1910. It is found in Zambia.
 Metablus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Metablus paracenthesis (Motschulsky 1839) Metablus solskyi Komarov 1995↑
 Mordellistena inaequalis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1856 by Mulsant.
 Noetia ponderosa or the ponderous ark clam is a clam in the family Noetiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Virginia to Texas.
 Vale of York (foaled April 4 2007 in Ireland is a Thoroughbred raceghorse best known for winning the 2009 Breeders' Cup Juvenile. Bred by Stock Vale Ltd. Vale of York's sire Invincible Spirit was a sprinter securing all seven of his victories over 6 furlongs including the Group 1 Haydock Sprint Cup in 2001 at Haydock Park Racecourse.Vale of York's dam Red Vale did not race but she is a half-sister to Uraib who stayed 1 mile 1 furlong well in Graded company in California.
 Glipa bandana is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1932.
 Anathix is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eucereon costulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Panama and Venezuela.
 Doidae is a family of Lepidoptera. It is sometimes treated as a subfamily of the Notodontidae. Species have been placed in the Arctiidae Lymantriidae and the Dioptidae.The family includes about six species which are found in the south-western United States Mexico and neighbouring areas.Selected genera Doa (e.g. Doa ampla) Leuculodes (e.g. Leuculodes lacteolaria)
 Neoasaphus is a genus of trilobite from the Ordovician Period of Europe.
 Brachyplatystoma is a genus of catfish from the family Pimelodidae. As the occasionally used common name goliath catfishes indicates this genus includes some of the largest species of catfish including the Piraíba B. filamentosum which reaches about 3.6 metres (12 ft) in length. Brachyplatystoma are found in the Amazon and Orinoco basins and other tropical freshwater and brackish habitats in South America. Some species are migratory.
 Ochrodion gahani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Orfevre (Japanese : オルフェーヴル foaled May 14 2008) is a retired Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2011 he won the Japanese Triple Crown and was voted Japanese Horse of the Year. In 2012 he added victories in the Takarazuka Kinen and the Prix Foy but was narrowly beaten in both the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and the Japan Cup. He acquired the reputation of being an extremely talented but temperamental racehorse.
 Cordylidae is a family of small to medium sized lizards that occur in southern and eastern Africa. They are commonly known as girdled lizards spinytail lizards or girdle-tail lizards.Girdled lizards are diurnal and insectivorous. They are terrestrial mostly inhabiting crevices in rocky terrain although at least one species digs burrows and another lives under exfoliating bark on trees.
 Attiliosa nodulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Common names: Querétaro dusky rattlesnake Queretaran dusky rattlesnakeCrotalus aquilus is a venomous pit viper species found in the highlands of central Mexico. No subspecies is currently recognized. The specific name aquilus is Latin for eagle and refers to the high altitude at which this species is found.
 Gribodia is an indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 The Darjeeling Woodpecker (Dendrocopos darjellensis) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent primarily in the Himalayas and in some adjoining areas.It is found in Bhutan India Myanmar Nepal and Tibet. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Redhead (Aythya americana) is a medium-sized diving duck 37 cm (15 in) long with an 84 cm (33 in) wingspan.The adult drake has a blue bill a red head and neck a black breast and yellow eyes. The adult hen has a brown head and body and a darker bluish bill with a black tip. The drake's distinctive call a mewing weee-ooooo is given during courtship.The breeding habitat is marshes and prairie potholes in western North America.
 Diplocardia is a genus of North American (USA Mexico) earthworms with 52-57 known species that is remarkably similar to Australian Diplotrema Spencer 1900.Species include Diplocardia pettiboneae Gates 1977 [misspelled D. pettibonae Gates 1977 by James (1995: 34) and this copied to Blakemore (2005/6) wherewithin species lists are presented].
 Rhynchonelloidella alemanica is a species of extinct small-sized brachiopod a marine rhynchonellate lampshell in the family Rhynchonellidae. It is roughly 9/16 inch (1.4 cm) and has about 15 ribs fanning out from the hinge.
 The Black Rockfish (Sebastes melanops also known variously as the Black Seaperch Black Bass Black Rock Cod Sea Bass Black Snapper and Pacific Ocean Perch) is a rockfish of the genus Sebastes. It is sometimes misidentified as the red snapper.The rockfish has a total of 8 weak head spines. It is originally all-black but turns a mottled gray on the sides with age often nearing white.
 Colus pubescens common name the hairy colus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pelophryne linanitensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Borneo.
 Promalactis is a genus of moths of the Oecophoridae family.
 Pseudoscopelus is a genus of snaketooth fishes.
 Sharfia mirabilis is an extinct species of anglerfish in the family Lophiidae. It is the only member of its genus Sharfia. It was discovered in 2011 during a review of fossil material at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris. The fossil material was collected from the Monte Bolca lagerstätte one of the earliest known Eocene fossil sites.
 Urticina lofotensis is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae. It is commonly known as the white-spotted rose anemone or strawberry anemone.
 Ethmia bradleyi is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Larisa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Euborellia plebeja is a species of earwig in the genus Euborellia the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera. Like other members of the Anisolabididae family this species has an elongated virga a sclerotized tube that is part of the male genitalia.
 Staffordia staffordi is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Staffordiidae.The specific name staffordi as well as generic name Staffordia is in honor of Brigadier-General Stafford who was in command of the punitive force which entered the Dafla Hills for the first time in the winter of 1874-1875.
 Zavreliella is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Paratoxodera meggitti is a species of praying mantis found in China and Myanmar.
 Hemipsilia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of only one species Hemipsilia coavestis which is found from India to Taiwan.
 Cteniopus is a genus of comb-clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae.
 The American pika (Ochotona princeps) a diurnal species of pika is found in the mountains of western North America usually in boulder fields at or above the tree line. They are herbivorous smaller relatives of rabbits and hares.
 Anycles cupreus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1901. It is found in Mexico.
 Balacra rubrostriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1892. It is found in Burundi Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Ghana Kenya Togo Uganda and Zambia.
 Odontodiaptomus thomseni is a species of crustacean in the family Diaptomidae. It is found in Uruguay and Venezuela.
 Eois multilunata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia and Costa Rica.
 Haplochromis velifer is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Nabugabo Uganda. This species reaches a length of 10.8 centimetres (4.3 in) SL.
 Batrachedra microdryas is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Ennomomina is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Tiphiidae (also known as the tiphiid wasps or rarely flower wasps) are a family of large solitary wasps whose larvae are almost universally parasitoids of various beetle larvae especially those in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.Most species are small but they can be up to 30 mm long. The females of some subfamilies (all Brachycistidinae Diamminae Methochinae and Thynninae) are wingless and hunt ground-dwelling (fossorial) beetle larvae or (in one species) mole crickets.
 Xenomigia caesura is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in north-eastern Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 13-16.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is light chocolate brown with orange-yellow veins. The wing base is dark brown. The hindwings are translucent light brown.The larvae feed on Chusquea species.
 Xenisthmus eirospilus is a species of fish in the wriggler family Xenisthmidae.
 Anelosimus studiosus is a subsocial tangle web spider or theridiid spider living in both North America and South America. In 2012 genetic analysis revealed a previously identified species A. tungurahua is in fact the same species as A. studiosus.
 Toucans are members of the family Ramphastidae of near passerine birds from the Neotropics. The Ramphastidae family is most closely related to the American barbets. They are brightly marked and have large often colorful bills. The family includes five genera and about forty different species. The name of this bird group is derived from the Tupi word tukana via Portuguese.
 Attiliosa edingeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Tebenna piperella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from northern North America including British Columbia and Alberta.
 The Saint Helena Plover (Charadrius sanctaehelenae) locally known as Wirebird due to its thin legs is a small wader endemic to the island of Saint Helena. Kittlitz's Plover is the Saint Helena bird's closest relative. The Saint Helena Plover is generally larger but not as well-marked as the Kittlitz's Plover which is native to sub-Saharan Africa.The bird was first mentioned in 1638 and is the national bird of Saint Helena featured on the island's coat of arms and flag.
 The Great Mormon (Papilio memnon) is a large butterfly that belongs to the swallowtail family and is found in southern Asia. It is widely distributed and has thirteen subspecies. The female is polymorphic and with mimetic forms.
 Ophidion josephi is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae. Widespread in the Western Atlantic from Georgia to Florida also in the Gulf of Mexico. Marine tropical demersal fish.
 Omobranchus obliquus the roundhead blenny or the mangrove blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans. This species can grow to a length of 5.6 centimetres (2.2 in) SL.
 Chionodraco is a genus of crocodile icefishes found in the Southern Ocean.
 Anekes paucistriata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unranked in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Hemaris fuciformis known as the Broad-bordered Bee Hawk-moth is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in North Africa Europe (except Northern Scandinavia) and Central and Eastern Asia.The wingspan is 38–48 millimetres (1.5–1.9 in). The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on honeysuckle and Galium species.
 Eupithecia tricrossa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the southern Himalaya from Nepal to Tibet Sikkim Bhutan north-eastern India and northern Myanmar.
 Selastele is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The Greater Red Musk Shrew (Crocidura flavescens) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Lesotho Mozambique South Africa and Swaziland. Its natural habitats are moist savanna temperate grassland and rural gardens.
 Andamia is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
 Syntomostola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Stigmella azaroli is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece and on Cyprus.The larvae feed on Crataegus azarolus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine begins as a small corridor entirely filled with frass. Later it widens resembling a blotch.
 Etheostoma marmorpinnum the marbled darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States. It occurs in Tennessee in the Little River drainage and formerly occurred in the Holston River where it is now extirpated not having been collected there since the completion of the South Fork Holston Dam. This species can reach a length of 4.1 centimetres (1.6 in) SL.
 Dunama janewaldronae is a moth in the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica where it is known from the eastern side of the Cordillera Volcanica de Guanacaste at elevations ranging from 400 to 680 meters.
 Ischnochiton torri commonly known as Torr's Ischnochiton is a species of chiton in the Ischnochiton genus that lives under rocks in the intertidal and shallow subtidal waters of southern Australia. It is commonly found throughout its wide range and is often found with Ischnochiton cariosus. It grows to 40 mm long. Its back has an orange rim and a brown-scaled covering with a cream-coloured stripe along its axis.
 Monhoplichthys prosemion is a species of ghost flathead native to the marine waters around the Philippines where it has been recorded at a depth of 216 metres (709 ft). This species is currently of uncertain status and needs further studies. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Opacographa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dantona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gazameda gunnii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Voltigeur (1847–1874) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1849 to August 1852 he ran ten times and won five races. In 1850 he won the Epsom Derby and the St Leger against his fellow three-year-olds and then recorded his most famous victory when beating The Flying Dutchman in the Doncaster Cup. In May 1851 Voltigeur was beaten by The Flying Dutchman in what was probably the most celebrated match race in the history of British thoroughbred racing.
 Bee Bee Bee (foaled 1969 in Maryland) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1972 Preakness Stakes. To date Bee Bee Bee is one of only eight Maryland-bred colts to win the Preakness and one of only eleven from the state to win a triple crown race.He was sired by multiple stakes winner Better Bee who was a grandson of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Reigh Count. His dam was Paula a granddaughter of the great Nearco.
 Conus lischkeanus the kermadec cone is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails cone shells or cones. Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Grey Way the Washdyke Wonder was a champion New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse. He was born in Washkdyke in 1970 near Timaru by Grey William out of Waybrooke who won the 'Broodmare of the Year' title in the 1977-78 season. The other racehorse born in this area is Phar Lap.
 Sturisoma kneri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the Lake Maracaibo drainage. This species grows to a length of 23.89 centimetres (9.41 in) SL.
 Eubrachylaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The Flame-throated Warbler (Oreothlypis gutturalis) is a small New World warbler. It is sometimes placed in the genera Vermivora and Parula.
 Anisotremus virginicus the Porkfish is a species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Brazil and the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico. This nocturnal species inhabits areas of reef or with rocky substrates at depths of from 2 to 20 metres (6.6 to 65.6 ft). It can reach a length of 40.6 centimetres (16.0 in) TL though most do not exceed 25 centimetres (9.8 in).
 The boarfish Capros aper is a species of fish in the Caproidae family the only known member of its genus.
 Metanephrops japonicus is a species of lobster found in Japanese waters and a gourmet food in Japanese cuisine. It occurs from Chōshi Chiba Prefecture (Honshu) to the east coast of Kyushu where it lives at depths of 200–440 metres (660–1440 ft). Adults grow to a total length of 9–12 centimetres (3.5–4.7 in) and a carapace length of 3–7 cm (1.2–2.8 in).
 The silver dory Cyttus australis is a dory in the genus Cyttus found around southern Australia on the continental shelf at depths of between 10 and 350 m. Its length is about 40 cm.
 Barbus brazzai is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Mindanao Island caecilian Ichthyophis mindanaoensis is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater springs plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 The Primeval Splayfoot Salamander (Chiropterotriton priscus) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pardaleodes xanthopeplus the Rare Pathfinder Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana eastern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of wetter forests.
 Gymnosoma clavatum is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnosoma of the family Tachinidae.
 Mecistophylla agramma is a species of snout moths in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Lower in 1903 and is known from Queensland Australia and the Louisiade Archipelago.
 Epicephala vitisidaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Fujian).The larvae feed on Breynia vitis-idaea.
 The Red Lizardfish (Synodus ula) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Western Atlantic Ocean.
 Turricula sumatrana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Small Dotted Footman (Pelosia obtusa) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from central Europe through Asia to the Pacific Ocean.The wingspan is 12–28 mm for males and 16–28 mm for females. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from April to August.The larvae feed on moss algae and lichen. Larvae can be found in late summer. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Peridroma selenias is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu and Hawaii.
 Bergeria haematochrysa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1952. It is found in Cameroon Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Ectogonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Endotricha denticostalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Borneo.
 Prodoxus atascosanellus is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found from the Houston area of coastal Texas south to the Mexican state of Michoacán and west to the state of Durango.The wingspan is 8.6-10.8 mm for males and 9.1-12.5 mm for females. The forewings are white but mostly with a dark brown coloration. The hindwings are light grey or grey at base then gradually becoming grey along the outer edge.
 Acicula fusca is a minute species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk a micromollusk in the family Aciculidae.
 Trochiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gainsborough (1915–1945) was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the English Triple Crown in 1918 and became a superior sire.
 Crambidia uniformis the Uniform Lichen Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1898. It is found from eastern North America including Alabama Florida Georgia Indiana Iowa Kentucky Maryland North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee and West Virginia.The wingspan is 12-18 mm.
 Parornix kumatai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Daghestan and the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Crataegus maximowiczii. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Buccinum thermophilum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pellasimnia maccoyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Lyclene xanthopera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Singapore and on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland areas including heath forests.Adults have uniform pale yellowish grey wings grading paler at the margin to very pale yellow fringes. The hindwings can be paler than the forewings and the shade of grey is variable from medium grey to pale creamy fawn.
 Goniocraspedum is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Zosimus aeneus is a species of crab that lives on coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific from East Africa to Hawaii. It grows to a size of 60 mm × 90 mm (2.4 in × 3.5 in) and has distinctive patterns of brownish blotches on a paler background. It is potentially lethal due to the presence in its flesh and shell of the neurotoxins tetrodotoxin and saxitoxin.
 Pauropodidae is a family of pauropods.
 Aspistor luniscutis is a species of sea catfish found along the coasts of French Guiana and Brazil. This species attains a length of 120 cm TL.
 The southeastern pocket gopher Geomys pinetis is a species of pocket gopher that is native to the southeastern United States. It occurs in Alabama Georgia and Florida where it is the only pocket gopher.
 Thallarcha oblita is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are pale yellow with black zigzag lines and markings. The hindwings are yellow with a black band around the apex.
 Spun Sugar (foaled January 28 2002 in Kentucky) is an American thoroughbred mare racehorse. She is sired by multiple grade one stakes winner Awesome Again who was United States Horse of the Year. He in turn was sired by another leading American sire in Deputy Minister. She was out of the mare Irish Cherry.Spun Sugar raced 13 times and won or placed in nine races seven of them stakes races.
 Homodotis megaspilata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to New Zealand.
 Platysiagum is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Autochloris ethela is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Brazil.
 Gagata youssoufi is a species of sisorid catfish native to India and Bangladesh. This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Carpathica calophana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae.
 Bob and John (foaled May 17 2003 in Kentucky) is an American thoroughbred racehorse. He is the son of Seeking The Gold out of the mare Minister's Melody. His sire is a son of Mr. Prospector and his dam is from Deputy Minister. Bob and John was bred and raced by Stonerside Stable.
 Bryotropha nupponeni is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the southern Ural region of Russia.The wingspan is 12-13 mm. The forewings are fuscous brownand the hindwings are pale fuscous but darker towards the apex. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
 Eucyclopera abdulla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Ulivellia inversa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulivellia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Sachsibelus is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 The Shasta Blue (Aricia shasta) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from northwestern United States to southern Saskatchewan and Alberta.The wingspan is 20–22 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Lupinus lyalli Astragalus spatulatus Astragalus calycosus and Trifolium dasphyllum.
 The Alabama orb scientific name Quadrula asperata is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Copelatus sulcipennis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Laporte in 1835.
 Sepiola knudseni is a species of bobtail squid native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean specifically northwest and west Africa from the Canary Islands to the Gulf of Guinea. It lives on the inner continental shelf. S. knudseni lives at depths of 32 to 90 m.Females of this species are on average considerably larger than males.
 Mnasalcas is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Mountelgonia abercornensis is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in north-eastern Zambia. The habitat consists of woodland mosaic at high elevations.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The forewings are warm buff the costal margin is buckthorn brown. The hindwings are glossy warm buff.
 Onustus caribaeus is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Dendropsophus haddadi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forest and ponds.
 Platyptilia archimedon is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from New Guinea.
 Aspilatopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eleutherodactylus crucifer is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Catomerus is a monotypic genus of intertidal/shallow water acorn barnacle that is found in warm temperate waters of Australia. The genus and species is very easily identified by whorls of small plates surrounding the base of the primary shell wall; no other shoreline barnacle species in the Southern Hemisphere has that feature. This species is considered to be a relic as these plates are found only in primitive living lineages of acorn barnacles or in older fossil species.
 Sphenarium purpurascens in Spanish: Chapulín de la milpa or in Portuguese: Gafanhoto-do-milho (translation: the corn field grasshopper) is a grasshopper species in the genus Sphenarium found in Mexico and Guatemala.The harvesting of the grasshoppers in Mexico for human consumption can be a way for managing pest outbreaks. Such strategies allow decreased use of pesticide and create a source of income for farmers totaling nearly $3000 per family.
 Eois fragilis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.Adults have a monochrome greyish-brownish appearance.The larvae feed on Piper species.
 Mammilla sebae is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The lesser flying fox or Sanborn's flying fox (Pteropus mahaganus) is a species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. The species is poorly known but is believed to inhabit coastal lowlands including tropical rainforest. Although the species has been found plantations the habitat of the species is fragmented by increasing agriculture and logging.
 The Dingy Darter (Telicota eurychlora) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found along the south-eastern coast of New South Wales and the north-eastern coast of Queensland.The larvae feed on Cladium procerum.
 Lobogenesis centrota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Vexillum xenium is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Euthria cornea common name : the spindle euthria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Squamicornia aequatoriella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Kristensen & Nielsen in 1982. It is known from the Napo province in Ecuador.
 The Leanira Checkerspot (Chlosyne leanira) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from western Oregon south to California Nevada Utah and western Colorado as well as Baja California.The wingspan is 35-45 mm. Adults feed on flower nectar.The larvae feed on Castilleja species. They feed on the leaves and flowers of their host plant. Young larvae live together in a loose web. Third instar larvae hibernate.
 Cotesia is a genus of Braconid wasp.
 Anthoceras is a straight annulated proterocamerioceratid (Order Endocerida) from the Lower Ordovician found in North America NW Australia and Siberia. The cross section is circular the siphuncle moderately large and marginal. Segments are constricted (producing concave profiles in internal molds); septal necks hemichoantici to subholochoantic (reaching halfway to almost to the previous septum); connecting rings thick. Endocones are long and slightly asymmetric.
 Scopula alma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Sperata is a genus of bagrid catfishes.
 Chromodoris colemani is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Crinipus pictipes is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Zambia.
 Matsudaira's Storm Petrel (Oceanodroma matsudairae) is a species of seabird in the Hydrobatidae family.It breeds solely in the Volcano Islands in the north-west Pacific Ocean and winters in the Indian Ocean. Its status is insufficiently known.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Japanese ornithologist Yorikatsu Matsudaira.
 Anna's Eighty-eight (Diaethria anna) is a butterfly in wet tropical forests in Central America and South America. On rare occasions it can be found as a stray in south Texas. Its upperside is dark brown with a metallic bluish-green band on the forewings.
 Bucculatrix fusicola is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida Maine and Ohio.The wingspan is 12-12.5 mm. The forewings are white marked with ocherous streaks which are sometimes slightly dusted with brown. The hindwings are brownish ochreous.
 Cidaris mabahissae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cidaridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Cidaris mabahissae was first scientifically described in 1939 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 The Amethyst Brown Dove (Phapitreron amethystinus) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines. It occurs on most large islands except Palawan but is generally rather scarce on Luzon and Mindanao and evn rarer elswhere. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. it is found in lowlands but probably prefers middle and high elevations at 500-2000m.
 Mordellistena wittei is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Pic in 1950.
 Nannoperca obscura the Yarra pygmy perch is a species of temperate perch endemic to Australia. It occurs in the coastal drainages of southeastern Australia preferring streams and lakes with plentiful vegetation and flowing water. It feeds on small insects and their larvae as well as small crustaceans. This species can reach a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL though most only reach about 5 centimetres (2.0 in). It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The La Palma giant lizard (Gallotia auaritae) is a giant lacertid historically living in the island of La Palma (Canary Islands Spain); its habitat ranged from sea level up to altitudes of 800 m. It probably lives in xerophytic vegetation and is presumably an egg-laying species. Long believed extinct in historic times there were sightings (including photographic evidence) of a large lacertid in 2007 which may possibly correspond to this species.
 Banks's brown butterfly Heteronympha banksii is a medium sized butterfly of the family Nymphalidae found in Australia.
 Pasiphila cotinaea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand where it is known from the South Island and the lower North Island.Adults are on wing from November to April. There may be two generations per year.The larvae feed on the flowers of various small-leaved Olearia species.
 Cosmopterix callisto is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Peru.
 The Slender-billed Kite (Helicolestes hamatus) is a bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes the eagles hawks and Old World vultures. It is found near water in forested parts of tropical northern and central South America and far eastern Panama. Both genders resemble the male Snail Kite and the Slender-billed Kite has often been included in the same genus Rostrhamus. Adults always have yellow eyes and the all-dark tail is noticeably shorter than in the Snail Kite.
 The dolphin genus Sotalia is considered to have two member species with the classification of Sotalia guianensis as a distinct species from Sotalia fluviatilis in 2007. This was a result of recent morphometric analyses as well as mitochondrial DNA analysis.Members of this genus are found in the Atlantic and Caribbean coasts of Central and South America as well as in the Amazon River and most of its tributaries.
 The Red-tailed Greenbul (Criniger calurus) also known as the Red-tailed Bulbul is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.
 Eupithecia inconclusaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Litopenaeus setiferus (formerly Penaeus setiferus and known by various common names including white shrimp gray shrimp lake shrimp green shrimp green-tailed shrimp blue-tailed shrimp rainbow shrimp Daytona shrimp common shrimp southern shrimp and in Mexico camaron blanco) is a species of prawn found along the Atlantic coast of North America and in the Gulf of Mexico. It was the subject of the earliest shrimp fishery in the United States.
 Viridichirana is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Sternotomis is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Canace nascia is a European species of Canacidae.
 Radiophron is an extinct genus of wasp which existed in Spain during the early Cretaceous period. The only species is Radiophron ibericus.
 Phyllocoma (Phyllocoma) platyca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Oligernis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Savanna shrew (Crocidura fulvastra) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Djibouti Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Sudan and Uganda. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Prairie dogs (genus Cynomys) are burrowing rodents native to the grasslands of North America. The five different species of prairie dogs are: black-tailed white-tailed Gunnison's Utah and Mexican prairie dogs. They are a type of ground squirrel found in the United States Canada and Mexico.
 Mordella leucosticta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1848.
 The Black-winged Pratincole (Glareola nordmanni) is a wader in the pratincole bird family Glareolidae.Their most unusual feature of the pratincoles is that although classed as waders they typically hunt their insect prey on the wing like swallows although they can also feed on the ground.Black-winged Pratincole is a bird of open country and is often seen near water in the evening hawking for insects. This pratincole is found in warmer parts of south east Europe and south west Asia.
 Mesalia melanoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Helpis is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 The Montane Ochre Skipper (Trapezites phigalioides) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Lomandra filiformis.
 Megalopaussus amplipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Megalopaussus.
 The Vashti Sphinx (Sphinx vashti) is a member of the Sphingidae family of moths. It is found from British Columbia east to Manitoba south to southern California Nevada central Arizona New Mexico and western Texas.The pattern and wing length are highly variable. The forewing ranges from pale to very dark gray with paler gray at the base of the costa the wing tip and on the outer margin. A series of black dashes ends with the topmost one reaching the wing tip.
 Leioheterodon geayi or the speckled hognose snake is a mildly venomous snake species native to south-west Madagascar. They can grow in lengths of 90–140 cm.
 Grammia favorita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumögen in 1890. It is found in the Sand Hills of Nebraska Nevada and north-eastern Colorado. The habitat consists of prairie sand dunes.The length of the forewings is about 17.7 millimetres (0.70 in). The forewings are dark brown to black dorsally with creamy buff to pinkish buff bands. The hindwings are deep pinkish red with black markings. Adults are on wing from mid May to mid June.
 The Palm-tree Night-fighter (Zophopetes dysmephila) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mozambique from Port Elizabeth to KwaZulu-Natal and Transvaal and in Kenya. The habitat consists of moist savanna and forests.The wingspan is 40–49 mm for males and 45–52 mm for females.
 Monanus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Monanus albertisi Grouvelle Monanus antennatus Grouvelle Monanus bisinuatus Grouvelle Monanus bouchardi Grouvelle Monanus cairnensis Blackburn Monanus concinnulus Walker Monanus denticulatus Grouvelle Monanus discoidalis Grouvelle Monanus insolitus Grouvelle Monanus longicornis Grouvelle Monanus longipennis Grouvelle Monanus malaicus Grouvelle Monanus monticola Blackburn Monanus ornatus Grouvelle Monanus punctatus Grouvelle Monanus raffrayi Grouvelle Monanus rambicus Pal Monanus rugosus Grouvelle Monanus telephanoides Grouvelle Monanus temporalis Grouvelle Monanus villosus Grouvelle↑
 The quadrate pebblesnail scientific name Somatogyrus quadratus is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Pyrrhocoris is a genus of true bugs in the family Pyrrhocoridae the cotton stainers.There are about six species. The best known by far is Pyrrhocoris apterus commonly called the firebug red firebug linden bug sap sucking bug and red soldier bug. Many aspects of the biology of this species have been studied extensively.Species in the genus include:Pyrrhocoris apterusPyrrhocoris fuscopunctatusPyrrhocoris marginatusPyrrhocoris sibiricusPyrrhocoris sinuaticollis↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑ ↑ ↑
 Brahmaea celebica is a species of moth of the Brahmaeidae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 The Little Grey Greenbul or Grey Greenbul (Eurillas gracilis) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Forficula lucasi is a species of earwigs.
 Epixanthops casellatoi is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Epixanthops.
 The rosy-scales fairy-wrasse Cirrhilabrus rubrisquamis is a species of wrasse native to the western Indian Ocean islands of the Maldives and the Chagos Archipelago. It is found on coral reefs at depths between 41 and 48 m (135 and 157 ft). It can reach a standard length of 7.2 cm (2.8 in). This species is found in the aquarium trade.
 Loweria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eugrapta angulata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Microsemyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The black lion tamarin (Leontopithecus chrysopygus) also known as the golden-rumped lion tamarin is a lion tamarin endemic to the Brazilian state of São Paulo almost exclusively at the Morro do Diabo State Park. Its limited geographical range makes black lion tamarins rarest of the New World monkeys with little known about it.
 Notoplax facilis is a very rare species of chiton in the family Acanthochitonidae.
 Onoba scythei is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Hemiptocha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Bacillus rossius (Rossi 1788) is a species of stick insect common in Europe. The species is endemic of northwestern Mediterranean especially Spain Southern France Italy and the Balkans.
 Liarea ornata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Pupinidae.
 Aldrovandia gracilis is a species of fish in the Halosauridae family. It is found in the north west Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico on the continental shelf and slope. It feeds on benthic invertebrates including bivalve molluscs amphipods mysids polychaete worms and brittle stars.
 Ectohomoeosoma is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Roesler in 1965 and is known from Hungary. It contains the species E. kasyellum. It is found in Austria Slovakia Hungary and Romania.
 Auximobasis constans is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in the West Indies.
 The Clover Case-bearer or Small Clover Case-bearer (Coleophora alcyonipennella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is native to Europe the eastern Palearctic ecozone Pakistan the Near East and North Africa. It is an introduced species in New Zealand and Australia where it is now found from southern Queensland to Victoria South Australia and Tasmania.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June and again in late July and August in two generations in western Europe.
 The Genoveva Azure or Southern Purple Azure (Ogyris genoveva) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 50 mm. Adult males are metallic purple while females are black with metallic azure and a cream patch near the tip of each forewing. The larvae feed on the foliage of various Loranthaceae species including Amyema Dendrophthoe and Muellerina species. They are flattened and brown with darker brown dots.
 Pingasa javensis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.
 Araeomolis rhodographa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in French Guyana Amazonas Venezuela Colombia Bolivia and Panama.
 The Drab Atlantic Tree-rat Phyllomys dasythrix is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Eudonia clonodes is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Gorytvesica is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Nipponotrophon elongatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Lancelin Island Skink (Ctenotus lancelini) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found only in Australia.
 Monoxylena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nabis flavomarginatus is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Pollex mindai is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Samar in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewing is narrow and greyish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous dark brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark brown.
 Ogcocephalus parvus the Roughback batfish is a species of batfish found along the coast of the western Atlantic Ocean from North Carolina in the USA to Brazil. This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 The Henna-hooded Foliage-gleaner (Hylocryptus erythrocephalus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The hawthorn shield bug Acanthosoma haemorrhoidale is a common European shield bug. Its chief food is haws the fruit of the hawthorn tree but adults can overwinter on a diet of leaves and individuals can be found on many potential food plants including pedunculate oak sessile oak and whitebeam. They may grow up to 17 mm long and are camouflaged in shades of green and brown. Like many so-called stink bugs they may release unpleasant odours when disturbed.
 Rhipha persimilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Costa Rica French Guiana Ecuador and Peru.
 The lionhead cichlid (Steatocranus casuarius) also known as African blockhead buffalohead humphead cichlid lionhead or lumphead is a species of rheophilic cichlid native to Pool Malebo and the Congo River. It uses caves for spawning. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Xylorycta assimilis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Black-throated Accentor (Prunella atrogularis) is a small passerine bird found across temperate and subarctic Asia. It is migratory wintering in India and other parts of southern Asia. It is a rare vagrant in western Europe.The Black-throated Accentor builds a neat nest low in spruce thickets laying 3-5 unspotted blue eggs. It winters in scrub or cultivation.This is a Dunnock-sized bird 13.5–14 cm in length.
 Eupithecia yathomi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Jordan.The wingspan is about 13.5 mm.
 The Bering wolffish (Anarhichas orientalis) is a marine fish in the family Anarhichadidae the wolffish.
 Phyllonorycter flava is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Asia Minor.The length of the forewings is about 3.9 mm.The larvae probably feed on Quercus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Horaiclavus madurensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 The Trypetinae are a subfamily of tephritid fruit flies.
 Thesbia nanum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Red pike conger (Cynoponticus coniceps also known as the Conehead eel) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae (pike congers). It was described by David Starr Jordan and Charles Henry Gilbert in 1882.
 Butleronea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Clinus agilis the Agile klipfish is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Namibia to South Africa where it is commonly found in estuaries and tide pools. This species can reach a maximum length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 Fusceulima asser is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Alabonia is a genus of gelechioid moths. Here it is placed within the subfamily Oecophorinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Alternatively it has been placed in the Elachistidae or Depressariinae together with its presumed closest relatives.
 Climatius (meaning inclined fish or tilted fish) is an extinct genus of spiny shark. Fossils have been found in both Europe and North America.Climatius was an active swimmer judging from its powerful caudal fin and abundant stabilizing fins and probably preyed on other fish and crustaceans. Its lower jaw was lined with sharp teeth which were replaced when worn but the upper jaw had no teeth.
 Coleophora chrysanthemi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Finland to Italy and Hungary.The adults are small brown moths with fringed wings and long antennae.The larvae feed on a species of Tansy Tanacetum corymbosum. They create a tubular silken case with dark length ridges. Larvae can be found in the spring up to April.
 Sundadanio axelrodi is a danionin in the family Cyprinidae. Originally described as a rasbora Rasbora axelrodi this tiny species was later deemed to be more closely related to the danios but not enough to be moved into the genus Danio. Sundadanio axelrodi reaches a maximum size of 1.7 cm. Sundadanio was considered monotypic until the genus was reassessed by Conway Kottelat and Tan in 2011.
 The boxelder bug (Boisea trivittata) is a North American species of true bug. It is found primarily on boxelder trees as well as maple and ash trees. The adults are about 12.5 millimetres (0.49 in) long with a dark brown or black coloration relieved by red wing veins and markings on the abdomen; nymphs are bright red.
 Primnoa is a genus of cnidarians.
 Pseudagaone is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pseudagaone cerdai (Tavakilian & Penaherrera-Leiva 2007) Pseudagaone suturafissa Tippmann 1960↑
 Choreutis cyanogramma is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff and Arita in 1979. It is found on the Ryukyu Islands.
 Idnea altana is a species of snout moths in the genus Idnea. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Brazil.
 Etheostoma okaloosae the Okaloosa darter is a species of darter indigenous to freshwater streams and tributary systems in Okaloosa and Walton Counties in northwest Florida.
 Sveltella philippii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Badiaria plagiata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Cotopaxi Province).The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish suffused with pinkish ferruginous except for the lines edging the markings and a streak perpendicular to the mid-termen. The markings are rust with black elements. The hindwings are cream with grey spots.
 Buccinaria jonkeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Platysphinx dorsti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ethiopia.
 Oreophryne anulata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Leucotmemis dorsalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Bathybates ferox is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is Lake Tanganyika.
 Acrolophus euteles is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Choloepus is a genus of mammals of Central and South America within the family Megalonychidae consisting of two-toed sloths. The two species of Choloepus (which means lame foot) Linnaeus's two-toed sloth (Choloepus didactylus) and Hoffmann's two-toed sloth (Choloepus hoffmanni) are the only surviving members of the family Megalonychidae.
 The wild horse (Equus ferus) is a species of the genus Equus which includes as subspecies the modern domesticated horse (Equus ferus caballus) as well as the undomesticated Tarpan (Equus ferus ferus) now extinct and the endangered Przewalski's horse (Equus ferus przewalskii). The Przewalski's Horse was saved from the brink of extinction and reintroduced successfully to the wild.
 Desbruyeresia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Provannidae.
 Gouxia danielaferreroae is a species of mealybug that lives in France. It was placed in a monotypic genus by Lucien Goux in 1989 but the genus name he used Giraudia was a junior homonym of at least two other animal genera. The genus was renamed Gouxia in his honour in 2009.
 Petrolisthes elongatus known as the New Zealand half crab elongated porcelain crab or half crab is a species of porcelain crab native to New Zealand.
 The Blue Pitta (Hydrornis cyaneus) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family. It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Cambodia China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Zygaena cocandica is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Uzbekistan Tajikistan and Kirgizstan.The length of the forewings is about 12 mm.
 Daector is a genus of toadfishes with three species found along the Pacific coast of Central America (one (D. dowi) reaching the Peruvian coast of South America) and two species (D. gerringi & D. quadrizonatus) found in South American rivers.
 Orthogonius myanmarensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Hyalurga padua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Ecuador.
 Copelatus tulagicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1942.
 Hexadactilia trilobata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Queensland and New Guinea.
 The flat-headed kusimanse (Crossarchus platycephalus) is a dwarf mongoose endemic to Benin Cameroon and Nigeria. This species was once regarded as a subspecies of the common kusimanse (Crossarchus obscurus).
 The blue-eyed triplefin Notoclinops segmentatus is a fish in the genus Notoclinops commonly found around the North Island of New Zealand from depths of a metre to about 30 m most common in reef areas of broken rock. Its length is between 3 and 6 cm and it is easily distinguished from other small fish by its iridescent blue eyes which give its name.
 Chrysoclista linneella (common names include Linaeus’s Spangle-wing Linden Bark Borer and Cosmet) is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in most of Europe in all of the Baltic and Fennoscandian countries Great Britain the Netherlands Belgium Luxembourg Germany Poland Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Austria Slovenia Switzerland France Spain Italy Romania Russia Turkey and Ukraine.
 Lagocheirus giesberti is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Hovore in 1998 and is known from Costa Rica.
 Cochylis rosaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 The Chinese Penduline Tit (Remiz consobrinus) is a species of bird in the Remizidae family.It is found in China Japan North Korea South Korea and Russia.
 Favartia juanitae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Aleutian Tern (Onychoprion aleuticus formerly Sterna aleutica - see Bridge et al. 2005) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae.This species breeds in colonies on coasts and islands in Alaska and easternmost Siberia. It is strongly migratory wintering off Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Megalechis picta the Tail bar armored catfish Tail bar hoplo or Spotted Hoplo is a species of catfish of the family Callichthyidae. M. picta occurs east of the Andes in the Amazon Orinoco and upper Essequibo River basins and coastal rivers of northern Brazil.
 Lioptilodes parafuscicostatus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Ecuador and possibly Peru. Moths in this species have a wingspan of approximately 23.5 centimetres. The species closely resembles its sister taxon Lioptilodes fuscicostata.
 Procambarus nueces sometimes called the Nueces crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae. It is endemic to the Atascosa River in Atascosa County Texas. It was described from four individuals and only two further individuals have been found since.
 Brunia cucullata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1878. It is found on the Andamans.
 Acanthochondria limandae is a species of copepods in the genus Acanthochondria. They are host-specific ectoparasites of two species of flatfish: the common dab (Limanda limanda) and the European flounder (Platichthys flesus). They attach themselves to the bases of the gill arches of their hosts. They can infest as much as 2 to 30% of fish in a given population.Acanthochondria limandae is classified under the family Chondracanthidae in the copepod order Poecilostomatoida.
 Bailya is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The bald uakari (Cacajao calvus) or bald-headed uakari is a small New World monkey characterized by a very short tail; bright crimson face; a bald head; and long coat. The bald uakari is restricted to várzea forests and other wooded habitats near water in the western Amazon of Brazil and Peru.
 The Lesser Grey Shrike (Lanius minor) is a member of the shrike family Laniidae. It breeds in South and Central Europe and western Asia in the summer and migrates to winter quarters in southern Africa in the early autumn returning in spring.
 Hyperolius ghesquieri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Enicognathus is a genus of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It contains the following species: Slender-billed Parakeet (Enicognathus leptorhynchus) Austral Parakeet (Enicognathus ferrugineus)
 Anaspidoglanis akiri is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Nigeria where it occurs in the Niger Delta and the New Calabar and Bonny Rivers. It reaches a length of 10.7 cm (4.2 inches) SL.
 Anomoeotes nuda is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is known from Africa.
 Taringa tritorquis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Amorbia exustana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia and Costa Rica where it is found at altitudes between 800 and 2000 meters.The length of the forewings is 10.5–11.5 mm for males and 12–13 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is reddish brown. They are variable in intensity of colour and shape of the fasciae. The hindwings are white with grey mottling toward the apex. Adults are on wing in both the dry and the rainy season.
 The Saldanha catshark (Apristurus saldanha) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found from Cape Columbine to south of False Bay in South Africa between 31 and 40°S. Its length is up to 88 cm. It is a plain dark grey-brown stout catshark with moderately large eyes a broad snout and large pectoral fins.
 Cryptocosma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Crobylophora daricella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It has been recorded from South Africa and Australia.The larvae feed on Plumbago auriculata.
 Chloroclystis variospila is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are greenish or greyish green with fuscous cross lines mixed with red scales. The hindwings are pale grey becoming greenish towards the hindmargin with three or four indistinct darker curved fasciae.
 Temognatha alternata commonly oknown as the variable jewel beetle is a beetle of the family Buprestidae is native to southwestern Australia.
 The Red-pate Cisticola (Cisticola ruficeps) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Ivory Coast Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea-Bissau Kenya Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and swamps.
 Apterygida media is a species of European earwig known as the short-winged earwig or hop-garden earwig.
 The Red-banded Aemilia (Pseudohemihyalea ambigua) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from southern Wyoming to Durango Mexico.The length of the forewings is about 24 mm for females and 22 mm in males. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Pinus ponderosa.
 Lyria poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Ethmia omega is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Brazil.The length of the forewings is 11.6-12.4 mm. The ground color of the forewings is whitish heavily interspersed with brownish gray scales appearing more or less uniform speckled gray. The markings are blackish brown. The ground color of the hindwings is white becoming brownish along the costal and the distal margins.
 Graphantha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Madras treeshrew (Anathana ellioti) also known as the Indian treeshrew is a species of treeshrew in the monotypic genus Anathana found in the hill forests of central and southern India. The genus name is derived from the Tamil name of moongil anathaan (literally bamboo squirrel) and the species name is after Sir Walter Elliot of the Indian Civil Services in Madras.
 Aclyvolva lanceolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Rock Sandpiper (Calidris or Erolia ptilocnemis) is a small shorebird.Adults have short yellow legs and a medium thin dark bill. The body is dark on top with a slight purplish gloss and mainly white underneath. The breast is smeared with grey and the rump is black. The Pribilof Islands subspecies of this bird shows a bold black belly patch.Their breeding habitat is the northern tundra on Arctic Pacific coast of Alaska and the Aleutian and Pribilof Islands.
 Typhlops leucostictus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Ethmia distigmatella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found on Crete and in the Taurus Mountains in Turkey as well as in Afghanistan Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan.
 Acheilognathus typus is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus. It is endemic to Japan.
 Mordellistena carinthiaca is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1966 by Ermisch.
 Tryonia alamosae common name the Alamosa springsnail is a species of small freshwater snail an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. The species is endemic to Socorro County New Mexico in the United States where only one population is known. It was placed on the federal endangered species list along with the Socorro springsnail in 1991.The snail occurs in five small connected springs within half a mile of each other; this is thought to be a single population.
 Draganodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Turnip-tailed gecko (Thecadactylus rapicauda) is a species of gecko widely distributed from Mexico southward through Central America and into South America as far south as Brazil and on many islands in the Lesser Antilles.It is a large gecko reaching a length of 120 mm snout-to-vent. Its color varies from pale to dark gray to deep orange. Individuals can also change color. It can vocalize a series of chirps which it mainly does while active at night.
 Aphysoneura pigmentaria the Bamboo Painted Ringlet or Bamboo Ringlet is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of the bamboo zone of montane forests.Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Sinarundinaria alpina Oxytenanthera abyssinica and Festuca africana.
 The spikedace (Meda fulgida) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found in Arizona and New Mexico in the United States. It lives in fast-moving streams.
 The Leptodactylinae are a subfamily of leptodactylid frogs.
 Allophroides is an genus of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. The type species is Allophroides boops.
 The plumed hydroid Plumularia setacea also sometimes called the little sea bristle is a colonial hydroid in the family Plumulariidae.
 Chalcostephia flavifrons the Yellowface or Inspector is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is the only species in its genus.It is found in Angola Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone South Africa Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Maoricrypta youngi is a species of small sea snail or slipper snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae. It is known to occur in North Island New Zealand.
 Epidesma uniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Cryptocloser (1994–2000) was a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. He was sired by multiple Grade I winner Cryptoclearance and his damsire was Northern Dancer's son Vice Regent. The colt was owned in partnership by American businessman and future United States Ambassador to Finland Earle I. Mack and Mississauga Ontario businessman William A. Sorokolit Sr.Cryptocloser was trained by Mark Frostad.
 Bucculatrix sexnotata is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California Kentucky Maine New Brunswick North Carolina Nova Scotia Ohio Ontario Pennsylvania and Quebec.The wingspan is about 7-7.5 mm. The forewings are dark almost black faintly shining. There are six silvery white spots. The hindwings are brown. Adults have been recorded on wing in April and from June to September.The larvae feed on Aster species.
 Cephalotes vinosus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Harutaeographa caerulea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal and Thailand.
 Sphodromantis obscura is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania.
 The Two Pip Policeman (Coeliades pisistratus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in KwaZulu-Natal Botswana and south-west Africa.The wingspan is 55–65 mm for males and 63–70 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas with peaks September to April.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants including Sphedamnocarpus pruriens Triaspis macropteron Dregea Indigofera Marsdenia Acridocarpus and Combretum species.
 The Golden-winged Tody-Flycatcher (Poecilotriccus calopterus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Alucita mulciber is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Aemene amnaea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1894. It is found in India (Assam).
 Antona intensa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Surinam.
 Schrankia karkara is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on New Guinea.
 Myctophum is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Enoplophthalmus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Pyrgiscus ninettae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Leucanopsis terola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 Skythrenchelys lentiginosa is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Peter Henry John Castle and John E. McCosker in 1999.
 Scaptesyle ixias is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Nias and Java.
 The Yamfly  Loxura atymnus is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.Yamfly was sighted in the Eastern Ghats in Andhra Pradesh by members of Butterfly Conservation Society a Hyderabad based organisation. A solitary butterfly was found in the Rajahmundry-Rampachodavaram road in East Godavari district of the state.
 Orthogonius ribbei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2003.
 Hinemoa is a genus of small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae within the family Pyramidellidae.
 Tarantella (foaled 1830) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1833. After winning the Guineas in her third race Tarantella was unplaced when favourite for the Oaks Stakes and was well-beaten in two other races later that year. She won two minor races in the following year and was retired from racing having won four times from nine starts between October 1832 and August 1834.
 Dentifovea praecultalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 The snowdrop hydroid Gattya humilis is a delicate colonial hydroid in the family Halopterididae.
 The Long-billed Cuckoo (Rhamphomantis megarhynchus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Rhamphomantis.[citation needed]It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Amphiodia pulchella is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae. It is found in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
 Phenacovolva parvita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Clystea daltha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 The Vinaceous-breasted Amazon (Amazona vinacea) is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tarphops is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the northwest Pacific Ocean.
 Shaanxijapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Platymantis parkeri is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rural gardens urban areas and heavily degraded former forest.
 Euthria cumulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Lista insulsalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and is known from Lianping Guangdong; and Ningpo Zhejiang China.
 Calceolispongia (literally Shoe Sponge) is a diverse genus of cladid crinoids that lived along the shores of eastern Gondwanaland that correspond to Timor and Western Australia today.When the first fossils were discovered they were mistakenly thought to be sponges hence the generic name.
 The Atlantic Royal Flycatcher (Onychorhynchus coronatus swainsoni) is a bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is often considered a subspecies of Onychorhynchus coronatus.The Atlantic Royal Flycatcher is endemic to Atlantic forest in south-eastern Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fodinoidea vectigera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1882. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Grey Seedeater (Sporophila intermedia) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Cyprinus intha is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus. The species is only known from Inle Lake a large isolated freshwater lake on the Shan Plateau in eastern Myanmar. It is considered to be Endangered among other reasons because of widespread hybridization with introduced Common Carp Cyprinus carpio.
 Nannopetersius is a genus of African tetras that occurs in Middle Africa. There are currently two described species.
 Libythea labdaca the African Snout Butterfly is a member of the butterfly subfamily Libytheinae found in Western and Central Africa.It forms vast migratory swarms (over 1 billion butterflies were estimated in Ghana). The butterflies move south in the Spring and north in the Autumn.The larvae feed on Celtis species (including Celtis kraussiana and C. sayauxii).
 Toulgoetia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ascalapha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Raphitoma densa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cisthene cynara is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Uraloceras is an ammonoid cephalopod genus belonging to the goniatitid family Paragastrioceratidae. The genus was named by Ruzhencev 1936 and is a jr. synonym of Pseudogastrioceras Spath 1930 according to Miller Furnish and Schindeworlf 1957.
 Euselasia orfita is a species of Metalmark butterfly Riodinidae. It is found in the Guianas Ecuador Bolivia and Brazil (Pará).
 Eupithecia asteria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Debos is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Opostegoides argentisoma is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 1999 and is known from Kalimantan.
 Stericta rurealis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Barsine is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Aphanius burduricus is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Turkey.
 The Neoepiblemidae are an extinct family of hystricognath rodents from South America. The genus Dabbenea formerly placed here is now included in Phoberomys (see Horovitz et al. 2006). The delimitation of the present family and the Dinomyidae is in need of review; some genera in the latter (such as Phoberomys and Eusigmomys) are sometimes included here.
 Microcharacidium is a genus of South American darters. There are currently four recognized species in this genus.
 Perixera obliviaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics east to Queensland and Fiji.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The wings are dull pale brown the hindwings with a small pale discal spot ringed darker brown to black.The larvae feed on Derris species. They are a pest in Citrus orchards. They attack the rind of the developing fruit of their host plant.
 Psammphiletria nasuta is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Central African Republic where it is found in the Ubangui River. It grows to a length of 2.3 cm.
 Virbia luteilinea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Nicaragua Panama and Colombia.
 Phrealcia eximiella is a species of moth of the Ypsolophidae family. It is found in Spain France Italy Austria and Switzerland.The wingspan is 16.5–17.5 mm.
 The Campo Oriole or Campo Troupial (Icterus jamacaii) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Paraguay and Peru.
 Amastus rufocinnamomea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Sphecodopsis is a genus of cleptoparasitic cuckoo bees in the family Apidae. Endemic to southern Africa the wasp-like bees of this genus are generally small varying from 3.9 to 9 mm (0.15 to 0.35 in) in length and mostly black with orange-ish or reddish colouring of the metasoma in some of the species. The bee genus Scrapter is recognised as a host for the cleptoparasitic life cycle of some Sphecodopsis but further data regarding preferred hosts is not available for most of the species.
 Perittia cygnodiella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from British Columbia and Alberta through Washington to California.The length of the forewings is 3.5-5.5 mm. The forewings are gray with an elongate dark spot in the middle of the wing. This spot is surrounded by bluish-white scales forming an irregular light patch. The hindwings are gray basally often lighter.
 Fulgoraria smithi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Archaeidae are a spider family with 25 described species in three genera.Their common name pelican spider stems from their specialised anatomy: they have evolved elongated chelicerae and necks for catching other spiders.
 Euleptus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Euleptus albicornis Kolbe 1889 Euleptus caffer Boheman 1848 Euleptus coriacea Habu 1973 Euleptus foveolatus Kolbe 1889 Euleptus geniculatus Klug 1833 Euleptus intermedius Peringuey 1896 Euleptus jeanneli Burgeon 1935 Euleptus kilimanus Basilewsky 1962 Euleptus ooderus Chaudoir 1850 Euleptus paganus Kuntzen 1919 Euleptus peringueyi Csiki 1931 Euleptus virens Gestro 1895 Euleptus zuluanus (Barker 1922)↑
 Labiobaetis is a genus of mayflies in the family Baetidae.
 Neoterpes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The suborder Ascaridina contains the bulk of the Ascaridida parasitic roundworms with three lips on the anterior end. The Ascaridida were formerly placed in the subclass Rhabditia by some but morphological and DNA sequence data rather unequivocally assigns them to the Spiruria.
 Plekocheilus euryomphalus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
 Inabaia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Northern White-crowned Shrike or White-rumped Shrike (Eurocephalus rueppelli) is a shrike found in dry thornbush semi-desert and open acacia woodland in east Africa from southeastern Sudan and southern Ethiopia to Tanzania. Its binomial name commemorates the German naturalist and explorer Eduard Rüppell.
 Oedipoda germanica the 'Red-winged Grasshopper' is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Oedipodinae.This grasshopper is present in Austria Belgium Greece France Germany Italy Spain Switzerland and in the Near East.The adult males grow up to 15–22 millimetres (0.59–0.87 in) long while the females reach 22–32 millimetres (0.87–1.26 in)of length.
 Doleromorphia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Balbura fasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Central America including Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Mexico and Honduras.
 Paraxestis is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Hystrix is also a synonym for the plant genus ElymusHystrix is a genus of porcupines containing most of the Old World porcupines. Fossils belonging to the genus date back to the late Miocene of Africa.
 Hyposmocoma dorsella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Waianae Mountains where it was collected on an altitude of 3000 feet.
 Gazameda declivis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Catonyx is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae endemic to South America during the Late Pleistocene epochs. It lived from 126000—10000 years ago existing for approximately 0.116 million years. The most recent date obtained is about 9600 B.P.
 Pseudonacaduba aethiops the Dark Line Blue or Dark African Line Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (east and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon northern Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya western Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males visit damp patches to drink.The larvae feed on Mundulea species.
 Obinautilus is an extinct genus of shelled cephalopod that has been variously identified as an argonautid octopod or a nautilid. It is known from the Late Oligocene to Pliocene of Japan. The shell is discoidal and very involute with rapidly expanding and compressed whorls fine radial ribs a rounded venter with a shallow furrow and almost closed umbilicus.Based on the examination of O.
 The Blistered snake eel (Callechelys papulosa) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 1998. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from Papua New Guinea in the western central Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 10 metres and to inhabit regions of sand and grass. Males can reach a maximum total length of 55.1 centimetres.
 Eriphiidae is a family of crabs comprising three genera:Eriphia Latreille 1817Eriphides Rathbun 1897Globopilumnus Balss 1933↑
 Metasia carnealis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Italy Austria Croatia Bosnia and Herzegovina Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Albania Greece and Turkey.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Demoulia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Batracharta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Terinebrica cornicenthes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Eupoecilia lata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Heterogynidae is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order. There are only two currently recognized genera: Heterogynis and Janseola.
 The Wood Nymph Gray Glassy Tiger or Grey Glassy Tiger (Ideopsis juventa) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found in Southeast Asia.This butterfly is dark gray or black with two rows of circular white dots along the margins of its wings and any elongated white patchs closer to the body. The elongated white patches appear to radiate from the thorax.
 Papyrocranus congoensis is a species of fish in family Notopteridae found in Congo River basin of Africa.
 Scinax alcatraz is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Black Eagle (Ictinaetus malayensis) is a bird of prey. Like all eagles it is in the family Accipitridae and is the only member of the genus Ictinaetus. They soar over forests in the hilly regions of tropical Asia and hunt mammals and birds particularly at their nests. They are easily identified by their widely splayed and long primary fingers the characteristic silhouette slow flight and yellow ceres and legs that contrast with their dark feathers
 Galbella is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae placed in the monotypic subfamily Galbellinae. It contains the following species:
 Eurylomia ochreata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Honduras.
 The Black Mountain Moth (Glacies coracina) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in northern Europe and in mountainous areas from Norway Sweden Finland Poland and northern Russia to Japan. It is also present in Great Britain Romania and Bulgaria and in the Alps. It is found on altitudes of up to 3000 meters.The wingspan is 18–24 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August and are day active.
 Flectonotus ohausi is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Berbera gerbil Gerbillus acticola is distributed mainly in Somalia.
 Pseudomyrophis nimius is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by James Erwin Böhlke in 1960.
 Pseudaphelia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Panthiades bathildis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by C. and R. Felder in 1865. It is found in Mexico Nicaragua Venezuela Colombia and Surinam.
 Paranthrene anthrax is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Sierra Leone.
 Rhinoclavis longicaudatum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Northern Beardless-Tyrannulet (Camptostoma imberbe) is a small passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds from southeasternmost Arizona and Texas of the United States through Mexico and Central America to northwestern Costa Rica.This species is found in light forests cultivation and gardens with trees. The domed nest is made of plant fibre or leaves with a side entrance. The nest is placed by a tree fork.
 Astrotischeria occidentalis is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Braun in 1972. It is found in North America.
 Celatoxia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Palearctic ecozone (Yunnan Himalayas).
 The Ruwenzori shrew (Ruwenzorisorex suncoides) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Ruwenzorisorex.[citation needed] It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda. It is semiaquatic living along streams in tropical cloud forest.
 The blue tegu is a smaller tegu growing to about 1 meter or more long renowned for its light blue coloration which is most intense on adult males. Even immature animals can be easily distinguished from other mostly black and white tegu species by the singe mark on their nose. They are among the more suitable tegus for pets and can be easily tamed but in the wild will either try to run away or react aggressively if provoked.
 Punctum randolphi is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Punctidae the dot snails.
 Dr Devious (foaled 10 March 1989) is an Irish-bred and British-trained Thoroughbred race horse. In a career which lasted from May 1991 until November 1992 he ran fifteen times and won six races. He is most notable as the winner of the Epsom Derby in 1992. Dr Devious's other most significant wins came in the Dewhurst Stakes and the Irish Champion Stakes. He was the second horse after Bold Arrangement in 1986 to run in both the Kentucky Derby and the Epsom Derby.
 Peridela is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Lecanogaster chrysea is a species of clingfish only known from the Atlantic Ocean off of Ghana. This species grows to a length of 2.1 centimetres (0.83 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Puperita bensoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Proserranus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Danian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
 The Asian Openbill or Asian Openbill Stork (Anastomus oscitans) is a large wading bird in the stork family Ciconiidae. This distinctive stork is found mainly in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia. It is greyish white with glossy black wings and tail and the adults have a gap between the arched upper mandible and recurved lower mandible. Young birds are born without this gap which is thought to be an adaptation that aids in the handling of snails their main prey.
 Cryptassiminea surryensis is a species of minute operculate snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Robinsonia marginata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Guyana and French Guiana.
 Taron albocostus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Promionides is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acrolophus tetrancyla is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Hysterocarpus traskii pomo is one of two subspecies of tule perch and is endemic to the Central Valley drainages of California USA. The subspecies name refers to the Pomo tribe of native Americans who occupied the region.
 Gravitcornutia curiosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 The Mixed Punch (Dodona ouida) is a small but striking butterfly found in India that belongs to the Punches and Judies that is the family Riodinidae.
 The speckled tortoise (Homopus signatus) known locally as the speckled padloper and also known internationally as the speckled cape tortoise is the world's smallest tortoise. A member of the genus Homopus it is endemic to South Africa and Southern Namibia.
 The term clam generally refers to those bivalve molluscs that live buried in sand or silt many of which are edible.Clams like most molluscs also have open circulatory systems which means that their organs are surrounded by watery blood that contains nutrients and oxygen. They feed on plankton by filter feeding. Clams filter feed by drawing in water containing food using an incurrent siphon.
 Oestroidea is a superfamily of Calyptratae.
 Xanthyris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bonagota dominicana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Dominican Republic.
 Ornarantia tristis is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Anthidium flavotarsum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The spider-tailed horned viper (Pseudocerastes urarachnoides) is a species of viper endemic to western Iran first described by Bostanchi et al. in 2006.
 Schausinna is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Bythinella pupoides is a species of very small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae. This snail is found in France and Switzerland.
 Distorsio decipiens is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae the Distortio snails.
 Anticrates is a genus of moths of the Lacturidae family.
 Pseudoclivina is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudoclivina assamensis (Putzeys 1846) Pseudoclivina bohemani (Putzeys 1861) Pseudoclivina costata (Andrewes 1929) Pseudoclivina grandis (Dejean 1826) Pseudoclivina mandibularis (Dejean 1831) Pseudoclivina memnonia (Dejean 1831) Pseudoclivina senegalensis (Dejean 1831)↑
 Arrhenophanes perspicilla is a species of moth in the Arrhenophanidae family. It occurs throughout much of the lowland Neotropical Region from the state of Veracruz in Mexico to Misiones in Argentina and Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil. It is absent from the West Indies.The length of the forewings is 13-21 mm for males and 19-32 mm for females. In favorable habitats adults of this species can be encountered throughout the year.
 Paracles quadrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Paraguay.
 Anderson's Salamander (Ambystoma andersoni) is a neotenic salamander from Laguna de Zacapú in the Mexican state of Michoacán.This salamander is a relatively recent discovery first described by Brandon and Krebs in 1984. Ambystoma andersoni is named after James Anderson a herpetologist with the American Museum of Natural History who did extensive fieldwork studying Ambystoma and other herp species in Mexico. Like all neotenic Ambystoma species A.
 Thala maldivensis is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Cyrioxus caledonicus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Cyrioxus.
 Eucorys is a genus of large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 Admete solida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Cardinal Woodpecker (Dendropicos fuscescens) is a widespread and common resident breeder in much of sub-Saharan Africa. It is a species found in a wide range of habitats from dense forest to thornbush. It nests in a tree hole unlined apart from wood chippings.Like other woodpeckers this species has a straight pointed bill a stiff tail to provide support against tree trunks and zygodactyl or “yoked feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward.
 Hectopsyllidae is a small family of fleas containing only the chigoe fleas and the sticktight fleas. They were formerly known as Tungidae and by authorities that demote the Pulicoidea to family rank they are treated as subfamily Hectopsyllinae (formerly Tunginae). Only 2 genera with some handfuls of species are placed here nowadays making further subdivision of the family unnecessary.These fleas usually parasitize terrestrial mammals and in a few cases birds and bats.
 Cameraria obliquifascia is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tajikistan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Salix and Populus species (including Populus afghanica and Populus alba). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the upperside or occasionally on the underside of the leaf.
 Nerita forskali is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Inermocoelotes microlepidus is a funnel-web spider species found in Italy Bulgaria and Macedonia.
 Mylothris sagala the Dusky Dotted Border or Lemon Dotted Border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda Malawi Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of submontane and montane forests.Adults have a weak flight. They feed on the nectar of various flowers.
 Microdulia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family. It contains only one species Microdulia mirabilis which is found between 35° and 47°S in Chile and Neuquén in Argentina.The wingspan is 18-19 mm for males and 20-23 mm for females.The larvae defoliate Nothofagus obliqua.
 Schistocyttara is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Hemiculter tchangi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemiculter.
 Xyletobius kirkaldyi is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Acrochalix callosa is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This is the only known species within the genus Acrochalix.
 The grey triggerfish (Balistes capriscus) is a ray-finned fish in the triggerfish family. The species is native to shallow parts of the western Atlantic from Nova Scotia to Argentina and also the eastern Atlantic the Mediterranean Sea and off Angola on the west coast of Africa.In its appearance and habits the grey triggerfish is a typical member of the genus Balistes except for its drab uniformly grey colouration. It is a relatively small fish usually less than 2.3 kg (5 lb) in weight.
 Oneiliana is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hasarius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).H. neocaledonicus was removed from Hasarius in 2008 and put in its own genus Rhondes.
 Anthela angiana is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Arctia intercalaris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Eversmann in 1843. It is found in Dzhungarian Alatau Zailiiskii Alatau Tien Shan Alai-Pamirs Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan the mountains of Afghanistan north-western Pakistan and from Kashmir to Kulu.
 Gardena insignis is a thread-legged bug species from the genus Gardena. It is found in Central Europe including Slovenia.
 Coleophora argenteonivea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern France Spain Portugal and Sardinia.The larvae feed on Centaurea pectinata and Cynara cardunculus. Before hibernation the larvae creates two or three cases consisting of a single leaf fragment. After hibernation a composite leaf case is made. The latter consists of 3-4 leaf fragments is brown and about 15 mm long and bivalved. The mouth angle is about 45°. Larvae can be found from August to May.
 Parator zonatus is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Zhujiang River in China and Vietnam. It is the only member of its genus.
 The Black Noctuid (Neumichtis nigerrima) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm. The forewings vary from dark brown to black. On the paler specimens a pattern of light and dark brown may be discernible.
 The Solitary duckbill eel (Nettastoma solitarium) is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Castle and Smith in 1981.
 Clytra novempunctata is a species of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It can be found in Romania on the Balkan Peninsula in southern Ukraine the Russian Caucasus Asia Minor and Central Asia. It has also been recorded in Italy on the island of Sicily.
 Hystricella oxytropis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.This species is endemic to Madeira Portugal.
 The Orange-humped Mapleworm Moth (Symmerista leucitys) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in North America from southern Canada and the northern half of the United States east of the Great Plains.The wingspan is about 35 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Acer species.
 Geina buscki is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It known from North America including Tennessee and Mississippi.The wingspan is about 15 mm.
 Vexillum microzonias is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Hynhamia ochroleuca is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 11.5-13 mm for males and 11.5-15 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish cream with small irregular patches of darker yellow densely sprinkled with ochreous brown and sparsely dotted with black.
 Amphilius is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Amphiliidae.Amphilius catfish have fairly lengthened bodies with short depressed and broad heads. They have three pairs of fringed barbels. The eyes small and located dorsally are very distant from each other and are without a free edge. The caudal fin is forked or emarginated.
 Marginella susanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Polymesoda maritima or the maritime marsh clam is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Corbiculidae. It can be found along the Gulf of Mexico coast ranging from Florida to Texas.
 Homona is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Yellow-eyed Babbler (Chrysomma sinense) is a passerine bird species found in groups in open grass and scrub in south Asia. The common name refers to its traditional placement in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae although the genus Chrysomma forms a clade along with the parrotbills and Sylvia warblers within the family Sylviidae.
 Eurydoxa mesoclasta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the eastern Himalayas and India (Sikkim).The wingspan is 41-47 mm. The forewings are dark purple-fuscous covered with rows of small whitish spots. The hindwings are whitish with a fuscous blotch.
 Parastasia is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 The coppery brushtail possum (Trichosurus johnstonii) is a species of marsupial possum in the family Phalangeridae. Coppery brushtails are found within the Atherton Tablelands area of Queensland in northeastern Australia. These mammals inhabit rainforest ecosystems living within the tree canopy. Though they have a restricted distribution they are locally common. This population is often considered a subspecies of T. vulpecula.
 Behemotops (from the Biblical monster Behemoth by Linnaeus and others believed to be a hippo) is an extinct genus of herbivorous marine mammal. It lived from the Early Oligocene (Rupelian) through the Late Oligocene (33.9 mya—23 Mya) existing for approximately 10.9 million years. It is the most primitive known desmostylian believed to be close to the ancestry of all other desmostylians.
 Mordellistena olympica is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1965 and can be found in such countries as Bulgaria Greece Kosovo Montenegro Serbia the Republic of Macedonia and Voivodina.
 Caeus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Coleophora pannosa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Vokesimurex elenensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Spotless Grass-skipper or Inornata Skipper (Toxidia inornatus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya Aru Islands Kei Islands) New Guinea Cape York and surrounding islands.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The larvae feed on Poaceae species including Brachiaria reptans. They live in the debris at the foot of its host plant or in a shelter of leaves joined with silk.
 Agelastes is a small genus of birds in the guineafowl family. It comprises two species: White-breasted Guineafowl Agelastes meleagrides Black Guineafowl Agelastes niger↑
 Ectoedemia viridissimella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Poland the Czech Republic Austria and Italy.The wingspan is 5.2-5.4 mm. Adults are on wing in May. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Peucedanum cervaria. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long slender corridor mostly in the centre of the leaf. The frass is concentrated in a narrow green frequently broken central line.
 Deramas tomokoae [1][2] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Epanastasis excellens is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.
 The Orchard Oriole (Icterus spurius) is the smallest North American species of icterid blackbird. The subspecies of the Caribbean coast of Mexico I. s. fuertesi is sometimes considered a separate species the Ochre Oriole.
 Heleosuchus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile from the Late Permian of South Africa. It was originally described as a species of Saurosternon but was later recognized as a separate taxon by Robert Broom.At one time the type specimen of Heleosuchus was thought to be lost. However it remains at the Natural History Museum (formerly British Museum (Natural History)) where it is numbered 2374 and a cast R. 5000.
 Melanchra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Diasporidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Diasporidion argentinense (Martins 1962) Diasporidion duplicatum (Gounelle 1909)↑
 Agdistis spinosa is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa and Namibia.
 Eupholus tupinierii is a species of beetles belonging to the family Curculionidae.
 The Scarce Vapourer (Orgyia recens) is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 35 to 40 millimetres (1.4–1.6 in) for the males the females are wingless. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on various deciduous trees such as Crataegus and Salix species.
 Rhodnius is a genus of assassin bug in the subfamily Triatominae (the kissing bugs) and is an important vector in the spread of Chagas disease. The Rhodnius were important models for Sir Vincent Wigglesworth's studies of insect physiology specifically growth and development.
 The Mount Claro rock-wallaby (Petrogale sharmani) also known as Sharman's rock-wallaby is a species of rock-wallaby found in northeastern Queensland Australia. It is a member of a group of seven very closely related species also including Godman's rock-wallaby (P. godmani) and Herbert's rock-wallaby (P. herberti).
 The Rusty-backed Monjita (Xolmis rubetra) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and pastureland.
 The false spotted catfish Corydoras leucomelas is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae subfamily of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in inland waters in South America and is found in the Upper Amazon River basin in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.The fish grows up to 1.7 in (4.5 cm) long. It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0-8.0 pH a water hardness of 2-25 dGH and a temperature range of 72-79°F (22-26°C).
 Enoplocerus armillatus common name Giant Longhorn Beetle or Imperious Sawyer is a species of longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Prioninae subfamily.
 Furcotanilla is a genus of ant in the subfamily Leptanillinae containing the single species Furcotanilla furcomandibula.
 Anisopodus callistus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1881.
 Planorbis kahuica is a species of minute air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails or planorbids. All planorbids have sinistral shells
 Holdridge's toad (Bufo holdridgei) is a species of toad endemic to Costa Rica. In October 2008 it was declared extinct by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature in its Red List since the species had not been seen since 1987 despite years of extensive searches. However the species was rediscovered in 2009 and is now classified as critically endangered. It is believed that the species is most threatened by the presence of the chytrid fungus in its habitat.
 The blue rainbowfish Melanotaenia caerulea is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea. It is found mostly in the lower and middle Kikori drainage system.
 Mithuna strigifera is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Amalda southlandica is a poorly known species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae the olives. The evaluation of the species remains incomplete because so far only juveniles have been found. Juvenile specimens of this olive have been found at depths of between 25 and 60 m.
 Dolioletta is a genus of tunicates in the family Doliolidae.
 Hoplerythrinus is a genus of trahiras found in Central and South America. The currently described species in this genus are: Hoplerythrinus cinereus (T. N. Gill 1858) Hoplerythrinus gronovii (Valenciennes 1847) Hoplerythrinus unitaeniatus (Spix & Agassiz 1829) (aimara)
 Ectoedemia caradjai is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in southern and central Europe north to Austria southern Moravia in the Czech Republic and Ukraine. It has also been recorded from Moldova. It was first recorded from Devonshire in Great Britain in 2004.The wingspan is 4.2-5.3 mm for males and 5.2-5.8 mm for females.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera Quercus frainetto Quercus macrolepis Quercus petraea Quercus pubescens Quercus pyrenaica and Quercus robur.
 Trachyglanis intermedius is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Lulua River. It grows to a length of 9.0 cm.
 The blunt-eared bat (Tomopeas ravus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is monotypic within the genus Tomopeas and subfamily Tomopeatinae.[citation needed] It is endemic to Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss.The classification of the Blunt-eared Bat has historically been problematic; many authors placed it in the family Vespertilionidae while others preferred the Molossidae.
 Barbus lujae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Not to be confused with the Barramundi cod or the Australian members of the genus Scleropages (which sometimes are referred to as barramundis).The barramundi or Asian seabass (Lates calcarifer) is a species of catadromous fish in family Latidae of order Perciformes. The species is widely distributed in the Indo-West Pacific region from the Persian Gulf through Southeast Asia to Papua New Guinea and Northern Australia.
 Scotura intermedia is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Surinam French Guiana Guyana and Brazil.
 Apsopelix Apsopelix agilis were a type of bony fish that existed about 95-80 million years ago in the shallow waters of the Western Interior Seaway and Hudson Seaway.Size was about 1.5 feet or 10–12 cm most likely they lived in schools but are seldem preserved as fossils. They were prey to the Thalassomedon haningtoni who lived 93-90 Mya.
 Rough Shiner (Notropis baileyi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 The Rufous-capped Nunlet (Nonnula ruficapilla) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Alzoniella hartwigschuetti is a species of spring snail an aquatic gastropod in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Asota paphos is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the north-eastern Himalaya to Sundaland.The wingspan is 55-59 mm.
 Rhynchocinetes is a genus of shrimp containing the following 14 species:
 Rhabdatomis pueblae is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1919. It is found in Mexico.
 Schistosomatidae is a family of digenetic trematodes with complex parasitic life cycles. Immature developmental stages of schistosomes are found in molluscs and adults occur in vertebrates. The best studied group the blood flukes of the genus Schistosoma infect and cause disease in humans.
 Hypotrix alamosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known only from south-eastern Arizona. Adults are on wing from early June to mid-July and early to late September.
 Siratus caudacurtus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Iolaus djaloni the Fouta Djalon Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea. The habitat consists of dry forests.Adults have been recorded on wing in October and December.
 Pristosia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pristosia acraea (Andrewes 1934) Pristosia aeneocuprea Fairmaire 1886 Pristosia aeneola (Bates 1873) Pristosia aereipennis (Andrewes 1934) Pristosia alesi Jedlicka 1937 Pristosia amaroides Putzeys 1877 Pristosia aquilo Andrewes 1934 Pristosia atrema Andrewes 1926 Pristosia braccata Andrewes 1934 Pristosia brancuccii Deuve Lassalle & Queinnec 1985 Pristosia chambae Andrewes 1934 Pristosia championi Andrewes 1934 Pristosia chinensis Jedlicka 1933 Pristosia chlorodes (Andrewes 1934) Pristosia clara (Andrewes 1924) Pristosia crenata (Putzeys 1873) Pristosia cupreata Jedlicka 1940 Pristosia dahud Morvan 1994 Pristosia delavayi (Fairmaire 1887) Pristosia dodensis Deuve Lassalle & Queinnac 1985 Pristosia elevata Lindroth 1956 Pristosia falsicolor Fairmaire 1886 Pristosia flava (Andrewes 1934) Pristosia glabella Schmidt & Hartmann 2009 Pristosia glacialis (Andrewes 1934) Pristosia hauseri Jedlicka 1931 Pristosia heinzi F. 
 Syncerastis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Jaspidiconus vanhyningi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Amydropa anophthalma is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae the only species in the genus Amydropa.
 Pachygonidia ribbei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru Panama and Costa Rica.The wingspan is 56-62 mm. It can be distinguished from all other Pachygonidia species by the lack of distinct pale bands on the hindwing upperside.
 Correbia semitransversa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Oplitidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 Seguenzia keikoae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Asthenotricha nesiotes is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Xanthoxena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Phyllonorycter harrisella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in all of Europe except the Balkan Peninsula and the Mediterranean Islands.The wingspan is 7–9 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June and again in autumn.The larvae feed on Quercus cerris Quercus cerris austriaca Quercus dalechampii Quercus faginea Quercus frainetto Quercus macranthera Quercus petraea Quercus pontica Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Turbonilla hamata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Saphenista lacteipalpis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the West Indies (St. Vincent).
 Stictoptera cucullioides is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics to the Bismarck Islands and Queensland. It is an introduced species in Hawaii where it is found on Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.Larvae have been recorded on Mesua and Calophyllum species (including Calophyllum inophyllum) and have been reared on Garcinia species.
 Ischnura gemina is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 The Pearl-bellied White-eye (Zosterops grayi) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyloscirtus estevesi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are rivers.
 Cyrtocarenum grajum is a is a trapdoor spider species found in Greece and Crete.
 The Black-billed Capercaillie or Spotted Capercaille (Tetrao parvirostris) is a large grouse species closely related to the more widespread Western Capercaillie. It is a sedentary species which breeds in the Larch taiga forests of eastern Russia as well as parts of northern Mongolia and China.The appearance of the male Black-billed Capercaillie is the similar to that of its western counterpart except that it is slightly smaller has a smaller bill slightly longer tail and a shorter beak.
 The Indian Purple Hairstreak (Esakiozephyrus bieti) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Trypeta formosa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Asprocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
 Litoria havina is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes heavily degraded former forests and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Joculator subula is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Laseron in 1956.
 Acanthodoxus delta is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Martins and Monné in 1974 and is known from Brazil.
 Metoptomatidae is an extinct family of fossil mollusks from the Paleozoic era. These mollusks are either (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).
 Glaucotes yuccivorus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Glaucotes. It was described by Fall in 1907.
 Didogobius schlieweni is a species of goby native to the Adriatic Sea.
 Strictispira ericana is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.
 Cardioglossa escalerae is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea possibly Republic of the Congo and possibly Gabon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Irenosaurus is a genus of choristodere a type of amphibious reptile. It is known from a single fragmentary postcranial skeleton (PIN 3386/2) discovered in the Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Hühteeg Formation at Hüren Dukh central Mongolia. The type species is I. egloni which was originally described as a new species of the related choristodere Tchoiria in 1983 by Efimov. Efimov transferred the species to the new genus Irenosaurus in 1988.
 Deborrea robinsoni is a species of bagworm native to Madagascar.
 Swanepoel's Blue (Lepidochrysops swanepoeli) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found in montane grassland in the hills above Fairview and the Sheba Mines in Mpumalanga. There is also a single record from northern KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is 36-40 mm for males and 38-42 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to early December with a peak in November.
 The Calabria pine vole (Microtus brachycercus) is a vole found in southern and central Italy initially described by Lehmann as a subspecies of M. savii. Genetic tests in the Calabrian region found although similar the X chromosome is larger than the of samples of M. savii found elsewhere in Italy and the Y chromosome is twice the size leading Galleni in 1994 to designate M. brachycercus as a separate species.
 Xyloplax turnerae is a sea daisy a member of an unusual group of marine taxa belonging to the phylum Echinodermata. It has been found living on decaying timber in a deep oceanic trench in the Bahamas.
 Plocaederus glaberrimus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The blackspotted smooth-hound Mustelus punctulatus is a houndshark of the family Triakidae found on the continental shelves of the subtropical eastern Atlantic from the Mediterranean to the Western Sahara between latitudes 45° N and 20° N from the surface to 250 m. Its length is up to 1.5 m.
 Chirodipterus australis is an extinct species of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period. Fossils have been found in Australia.
 Rhacophorus moltrechti is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Taiwan. It is a medium-sized tree frog females are 5–6 cm (2.0–2.4 in) in snout-vent length; males are slightly smaller. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land plantations ponds and canals and ditches.
 The Pernambuco Pygmy Owl (Glaucidium mooreorum) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. This recently described species is endemic to Pernambuco in Brazil. It has been argued that it actually should be referred to as G. minutissimum (a name typically used for the East Brazilian Pygmy Owl) but this has not gained widespread recognition.This owl is classified as critically endangered by BirdLife International.
 Melanis is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present in the Neotropical ecozone.
 A Grouper that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. The common length is 40 cm (maximum size 70 cm). It lives in the Eastern Atlantic: Western Sahara to Angola including Cape Verde and the São Tomé and Príncipe islands; also recorded from the Mediterranean.
 Prionurus chrysurus is a tropical fish found in coral reefs around Indonesia. It is commonly known as the Indonesian sawtail. It reaches a maximum length of 30 centimetres (12 in).
 Alucita pselioxantha is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found on Paumotus.
 Ctenucha laura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Bolivia.
 The Rio de Janeiro Antbird (Cercomacra brasiliana) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cymothoe lambertoni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Mylagaulidae or mylagaulids are a prehistoric family of sciuromorph rodents. They are known from the Neogene of North America and China. The oldest member is the Late Oligocene Trilaccogaulus montanensis from living some 29 million years ago (Mya) and the youngest was Ceratogaulus hatcheri—formerly in Epigaulus—which was found barely into the Pliocene some 5 Mya.
 Crepidula margarita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 Boophis majori is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tyta luctuosa is a noctuid (owlet) moth. Its common names include four-spotted moth and field bindweed moth. It is the only member of the genus Tyta which forms a hitherto monotypic tribe Tytini in the Catocalinae subfamily.This moth is native to much of Europe Asia and North Africa. The adult moth is about eleven millimeters long and dark brown with one large white spot on each of its four wings. Two adult generations emerge each year one in late spring and one in summer.
 Mitra holkosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Agladrillia macella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Ratzeburgiola is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Reductoniscus costulatus is a species of woodlouse. In the wild R. costulatus has been found in Mauritius the Seychelles and Hawaii including the islands of Oʻahu and Kauaʻi and Hawaiʻi. It was discovered in the Palm House at the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew in 1948 1976 and 1988 and has been found in greenhouses across Europe.
 Sphecosoma ecuadora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Phaeomolis ochreogaster is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Paraguay.
 Clytoleptus albofasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Clytoleptus.
 Ceriagrion mourae is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae endemic to eastern Sub-Saharan Africa most commonly in Mozambique and Tanzania. Being a relatively uncommon sub-species of dragonflies it is largely unknown to anyone beyond animal conservatives and researchers. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and freshwater marshes.
 Nassarius cockburnensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Fimbriosotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Epomops is a genus of bat in the Pteropodidae family. It contains the following species: Buettikofer's Epauletted Fruit Bat Epomops buettikoferi Dobson's Fruit Bat Epomops dobsoni Franquet's Epauletted Fruit Bat Epomops franquetica:Epomops
 Sisurcana itatiaiae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).The wingspan is about 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish with paleferruginous suffusion in the dorsal and part of the terminal areas of the wing. The hindwings are whitish cream with numerous pale brownish grey strigulae and a darker row of spots.
 Chicoreus bundharmai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Saurostomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.
 Veissella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Bucculatrix arnicella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Utah Montana Alberta and Wyoming. The habitat consists of open lodgepole pine and Douglas fir forests.The wingspan is about 8 mm. The forewings are densely speckled with black-tipped and black scales. Areas with more narrowly dark-tipped scales may appear as pale patches and streaks. The hindwings are grey.
 Merica deynzeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Phragmataecia hummeli is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in China (north-eastern Sichuan).
 Brotomys is an extinct genus of rodent in the Echimyidae family. It contains the following species: Haitian Edible Rat (Brotomys contractus) Hispaniolan Edible Rat (Brotomys voratus)↑
 Trithemis werneri is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Cochylis sagittigera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Mato Grosso).
 The avocet snipe-eel (Avocettina infans) is a snipe eel of the family Nemichthyidae found in all oceans except the Mediterranean and the eastern Pacific at depths between 50 and 4500 m. Their length is up to 75 cm.
 The Lumbricidae are a family of earthworms which includes most of the earthworm species well-known to Europeans. About 33 lumbricid species have become naturalized around the world but the bulk of the species are in the Holarctic region: from Canada (e.g. Bimastos lawrenceae on Vancouver Island) and the United States (e.g. Eisenoides carolinensis Eisenoides lonnbergi and most Bimastos spp.) and throughout Eurasia to Japan (e.g. Eisenia japonica E. koreana and Helodrilus hachiojii).
 Coreura simsoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Bolivia.The forewings are brownish black glossed with dark blue near the base and crossed from about the middle of the costal margin to the anal angle by a bright carmine band edged on either side with a narrow row of pinkish-white scales. The band is widest on the costal margin. The hindwings are brown glossed with very dark blue.
 Streptartemon is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Lander's Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus landeri) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family found in Africa. Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna and caves.
 Zdenekia is a genus of prehistoric winged insect. It contains the species Z. grandis from the Czech Republic Z. occidentalis from Belgium and Z. silesiensis from Poland.
 Turrancilla apicalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Odozana cocciniceps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jones in 1908. It is found in Panama.
 Myadora striata is a bivalve mollusc of the family Myochamidae.
 Disca parajavai is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Sumatra.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewing is relatively broad. The hindwing is light brown and the underside unicolorous light brown.
 Mordellistena luteola is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Turbonilla virginieherosae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eupithecia buysseata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 The largespine velvet dogfish Proscymnodon macracanthus is a shark of the family Somniosidae found on the lower continental slopes between latitudes 50°S and 54°S in the southeast Pacific Ocean from the Straits of Magellan and the southwest Pacific from New Zealand at depths of between 650 and 920 m. Its length is up to 68 cm.
 Idea is a genus of butterflies known as Tree Nymphs or Paper butterflies. The member species are concentrated around southeast Asia. See Sevenia for the genus of African tree nymphs.
 The Apple Ermine (Yponomeuta malinellus) is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is native to Europe and Asia and it has spread to North America.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. The moth flies from June to October.The larvae feed on apple species. It can defoliate apple trees and negatively impact fruit production for several years following the outbreak.
 Common names: Woodlizards Wood lizards.[citation needed]Enyalioides is a genus of lizard from the Hoplocercidae family found in the northern part of South America and Panama.
 The black-line rasbora or Rasbora daniconius (called darka at Rangpur) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora. It is found in the rivers of Maharashtra and Karnataka in India.The body is oblong and compressed. The greatest width of the head equals its post-orbital length. It is about 400 mm in size.
 Mevania basalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Colombia and Bolivia.
 Turbonilla stipes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Anthophila abhasica is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Germany the Czech Republic Austria Slovakia Serbia and Montenegro Romania Ukraine Georgia and Azerbaijan.
 Psenicubiceps is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Cautula is a genus of skinks.
 The New Britain Thicketbird or Bismarck Thicketbird (Megalurulus grosvenori) is a bird species. Previously placed in the Old World Warbler family Sylviidae it does not seem to be a close relative of the typical warblers; probably it belongs in the grass warbler family Locustellidae.
 Caloptilia cirrhopis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tasmania.
 Cajun Beat (foaled 2000 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2003 Breeders' Cup Sprint at 25-1. Owned by Padua Stable and John & Joseph Iracane Cajun Beat retired from racing in April 2005 having won seven of nineteen starts and with earnings of $1159100.
 The Red-backed Kingfisher (Todiramphus pyrrhopygius) is a species of kingfisher in the Halcyonidae family also known as tree kingfishers. It is a predominantly blue-green and white bird with a chestnut rump. It is found across the continent of Australia mainly inhabiting the drier regions.
 Dellamora epiblema is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1949.
 Tschudi's Tapaculo (Scytalopus acutirostris) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cosmisoma seabrai is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Magno in 1988.
 The false jacopever or Cape redfish (Sebastes capensis) is a marine fish belonging to the family Sebastidae. Found only in waters off the western coast of South Africa Tristan da Cunha and southern South America S. capensis lives in depths of 20 to 275 metres (66 to 902 ft). It reaches up to 37 centimetres (15 in) in length and is reddish or brownish with 5-6 pale spots on the upper part of the body. It has extremely prominent eyes. It mainly feeds on mysids.
 Aglyptorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Marginella delphinica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Zeuxia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Taractrocera archias is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in mainland south-eastern Asia (Burma Thailand Vietnam Malaysia) Java and Lesser Sunda Islands (east to Timor and Kisar).
 Latreilliidae is a small family of crabs. They are relatively small long-legged crabs found on soft bottoms at depths of up 700 metres (2300 ft) in mostly tropical and subtemperate waters around the world. The family and its type genus are named after Pierre André Latreille.
 Tetraodon waandersii is a species of freshwater pufferfish endemic to Indonesia. This species grows to a length of 3.6 centimetres (1.4 in) SL.
 Opostega radiosa is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is known from the area of the former Transvaal Province South Africa.
 Harposcleritia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Deceit (foaled May 3 1968 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racemare bred by Leslie Combs II and Charles H. Wacker III and owned by E. P. Taylor's Windfields Farm.
 The Silver Barb (Barbus choloensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Malawi.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Hellinsia tepidus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.The wingspan is 24 millimetres (0.94 in). The forewings are ferruginous‑ochreous with some dark fuscous irroration. The hindwings are grey.
 The arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus) also known as the white fox polar fox or snow fox is a small fox native to the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere and is common throughout the Arctic tundra biome. It is well adapted to living in cold environments. It has a deep thick fur which is brown in summer and white in winter.
 Prunum camachoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The tengellid spiders (family Tengellidae) include eight genera and a little over 30 species worldwide. The family is confined to the New World with two monotypic genera occurring in Madagascar and New Zealand respectively. Like most spiders they have eight eyes. The characters defining the family are technical and there are still some disagreements as to its size and placement within spider classification. According to Griswold (1993) the family is polyphyletic.
 Nymphargus ruizi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family formerly placed in Cochranella.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Favosites is an extinct genus of tabulate coral characterized by polygonal closely packed corallites (giving it the common name honeycomb coral). The walls between corallites are pierced by pores known as mural pores which allowed transfer of nutrients between polyps.
 Zacheria is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Steinmann in The Animal Kingdom.
 Apodiphus is a genus of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae subfamily Pentatominae.
 The Satin-Green Forester (Pollanisus viridipulverulenta) is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in the eastern part of Australia (Queensland New South Wales Australian Capital Territory Victoria South Australia and Tasmania).The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm for males and 8–9 mm for females. The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are metallic blue-green.
 Myennis mandschurica is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Heteroclinus is a genus of clinids found in the western Indo-Pacific.
 Cingulina callista is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Belenois margaritacea Margarita's Caper White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of montane forests.The larvae feed on Maerua Capparis and Ritchiea species.
 Aulacophora is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae; some species are agricultural pests.
 Olivella miriadina is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Chrysodema swierstrae is a species of Jewel Beetle of the Buprestidae family.
 Aspidodiadema jacobyi is a small sea urchin in the family Aspidodiadematidae. It lives in tropical seas at great depths. Aspidodiadema jacobyi was first scientifically described in 1880 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz an American scientist.
 Alcyonium glomeratum or red sea fingers is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family. It is found around the southern and western coasts of Britain and Ireland.
 The Kerala caecilian Uraeotyphlus interruptus is a species of caecilian found in India. It is only known from its type locality Chengalam village in Kerala India.
 Sphecosoma meerkatzi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1915. It is found in Peru.
 Xerocrassa montserratensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Orthogonius parastantoni is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Alloiodoris is a genus of sea slugs specifically dorid nudibranchs. They are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
 Bradyrrhoa divaricella is a species of snout moths in the genus Bradyrrhoa. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Uzbekistan.
 Chera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The molly miller Scartella cristata is a species of fish of the Blenniidae family (combtooth blennies) in the order Perciformes. It can be found in the Atlantic Mediterranean and northwest Pacific Oceans. Its color is a mottled tan white and black covering the body and fins. The head of this fish is covered with short hair-like appendages and has two very large eyes. This species reaches 12 cm (4.7 in) in total length.
 Hypermastus colmani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Hellinsia brandbergi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Namibia.
 Vitula aegerella is a species of snout moths. It was described by Neunzig in 1990. It is found in Arizona.
 The Indigobush Twig Borer (Hystrichophora taleana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from the Washington and Sharkey Counties in Mississippi and Chico County in south-eastern Arkansas.The wingspan is 13-17 mm. Adults are greyish brown. There are possibly more than one generations per year.The larvae feed on Indigobush. They feed on the shoots of their host plant and make short tunnels in twigs and terminals. Pupation takes place in burrows.
 Amphecostephanus rex is a species of praying mantis found in Angola and Malawi. It was first described in On some African Mantidae and Phasmidae in the Collection of the Deutschen Entomologischen Museum in Archiv für Naturgeschichte Berlin in 1912.
 Cadlina rumia is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 The blue-spotted Mexican tree frog Smilisca cyanosticta is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize Guatemala and Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Arcinella cornuta or the spiny jewel box clam is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to Florida and Texas.
 Sinogastromyzon chapaensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinogastromyzon.
 Juxtolena omphalia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Bostra nanalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Bostra. It was described by Wileman in 1911 and is known from Japan and Taiwan.
 Twilight Tear (1941-1954) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. At age two she won four of her six starts finishing second and third in her other two starts. Her performances earned her the title of 2-year-old filly honors in a poll by Turf and Sports Digest magazine. The rival Daily Racing Form award was won by Durazna.At three Twilight Tear won fourteen out of seventeen races including eleven straight beating both fillies and colts.
 The Chequered Sedge-skipper or Master's Skipper (Hesperilla mastersi) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland and Victoria. It was also found in Tasmania but the small area where its food plant was growing was cleared to provide cattle pasture. It is probably now extinct in Tasmania.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on Gahnia melanocarpa and Gahnia radula. They constructs a make a shelter joining leaves of their host with silk.
 The ʻUla-ʻai-Hawane (Ciridops anna) was a small Hawaiian honeycreeper now extinct. The term ʻUla-ʻai-Hawane is a Hawaiʻian phrase translating to red [bird] that eats hawane. It was only ever reported from the forested mountains of the Kohala Hilo and Kona districts on the island of Hawaiʻi. Fossil remains reveal that it (and at least one closely related species Ciridops tenax) also existed at one time on other Hawaiʻian islands.
 Euxesta lutzi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Spilarctia dukouensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fang in 1982. It is found in China (Sichuan Yunnan).
 Eupithecia lineisdistincta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 The freshwater whitefish are fishes of the subfamily Coregoninae which contains whitefishes (both freshwater and anadromous) and ciscoes and is one of three subfamilies in the salmon family Salmonidae.
 Eupithecia petersi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Garra hindii is a species of cyprinid fish found in Africa.
 Exoncotis resona is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Emiliotia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Colloniidae.
 The graceful grenadier (Hymenocephalus gracilis) is a species of rattail. It is found at depths of 160–345 m (525–1132 ft) in tropical and subtropical seas worldwide.This is one of the smallest of the rattails growing to no more than 13 cm (5.1 in) in length. It is a slender fish with a large mouth with rows of very small teeth positioned in the underside of the skull. There is a short thin chin barbel.
 Nannocharax is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in Africa.
 The Noah Mirosch (Noassia miroschias) is a species of sea cucumber in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Brisbane and Australia.Its Forced habitats are subtropical or tropical moist bars and heavily degraded former Volcanoes (Australia) .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The dusky field rat (Rattus sordidus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Calliostoma hendersoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Ardonea rosada is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Ecuador.
 Chionaemopsis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The Sooty Myzomela (Myzomela tristrami) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Solomon Islands.
 Phyllonorycter dubitella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Pyrenees Italy and Bulgaria and from Great Britain to Ukraine.The wingspan is about 8 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and June and again in August.The larvae feed on Salix caprea. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a large lower-surface tentiform mine mostly between two side veins. The upperside is strongly inflated.
 Propebela smithi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 The Samar Squirrel (Sundasciurus samarensis) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Transtillaspis monoloba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dirty cream preserved as a medio-dorsal blotch. The remaining area is suffused brown. The hindwings are brownish grey.
 Wishing Well (foaled April 12 1975 in California - died 1999 in Ireland) was an American Thoroughbred racing mare who won twelve of her thirty-six starts and who secured her place in Thoroughbred history as the dam of Sunday Silence the 1989 Kentucky Derby Preakness Stakes and Breeders' Cup Classic winner who was voted American Horse of the Year inducted in the U.S.
 The Red-billed Dwarf Hornbill (Tockus camurus) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan and Uganda.
 Dexithea is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Dexithea fabricii (Chevrolat 1860) Dexithea humeralis Chemsak & Noguera 2001 Dexithea klugii (Laporte & Gory 1835)↑
 Pure Clan (foaled March 9 2005 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse. She won eight races and nearly $2 million in her two-year racing career participating in races on dirt and turf tracks in the United States and the United Arab Emirates. She was retired in 2010 to be a broodmare and has produced two foals to date. Pure Clan was sold in late 2012 for $4.5 million and currently resides at Three Chimneys Farm in Kentucky.
 Drepatelodes trilineata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912.
 Lepidoblennius haplodactylus known commonly as the Eastern jumping blenny is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidoblennius. It was described by Steindachner in 1867.
 Pangio pangia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Pangio.
 Phenacovolva patriciae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Inquisitor subochracea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Vermetus selectus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Hemimacronyx is a proposed genus of birds in the pipit and wagtail family Motacillidae. It contains two species that are usually treated as belonging to two larger genera Macronyx (in the case of Sharpe's Longclaw) and Anthus (in the case of Yellow-breasted Pipit). The plumage of the two species is more similar to that of the longclaws and the Golden Pipit having brown barred backs and bright yellow breasts and throats.
 Samoana attenuata is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
 The desert tree frog or little red tree frog (Litoria rubella) is a tree frog native to Australia and southern New Guinea. It is one of Australia's most widely distributed frogs inhabiting northern Australia including desert regions and much of temperate eastern Australia. It is one of the few Australian tree frogs to inhabit arid tropical and temperate climates.
 Cyclophora caducaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Jamiaca.
 Echidna leucotaenia is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It was first named by Schultz in 1943 and is commonly known as the whiteface moray or the white-banded moray eel.
 Chaetostigmoptera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Progona xanthura is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1899. It is found in Brazil.
 The Bar-tailed Godwit (Limosa lapponica) is a large wader in the family Scolopacidae which breeds on Arctic coasts and tundra mainly in the Old World and winters on coasts in temperate and tropical regions of the Old World. Its migration is the longest known non-stop flight of any bird and also the longest journey without pausing to feed by any animal.
 The Guadeloupe Parakeet (Aratinga labati) might have been a species of parrot that was endemic to Guadeloupe. Jean-Baptiste Labat described a population of small parrots living on Guadeloupe: Those of Guadaloupe are about the size of a blackbird entirely green except a few small red feathers which they have on their head. Their bill is white.
 Craugastor megacephalus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica Honduras Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Glaucina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Callippe Fritillary (Speyeria callippe comstocki) is a silverspot butterfly ranging from Northern California to Baja Mexico. Populations are near extirpation in Santa Monica mountains and it is now rare in the San Gabriels. The larvae feed on Johnny jumpup (Viola pedunculata] and it is a very close relative of the endangered Callippe silverspot butterfly (Speyeria callippe callippe). Intermediate populations between these subspecies are fairly widespread.
 Cyclostremella humilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of three known species to exist within the genus Cyclostremella. The other species being Cyclostremella concordia and Cyclostremella orbis.
 Cacozeliana furva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Naesiotus bambamarcaensis is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
 Peristernia funiculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Tmetolophota arotis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1887. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on Phormium tenax.
 Stomphastis aphrocyma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Croton sylvaticus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a moderate irregular oblong to semi-circular transparent blotch mine which starts as a very short gallery.
 The Egyptian Stemborer Egyptian Bollworm Spiny Bollworm or Cotton Spotted Bollworm (Earias insulana) is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in most of Africa southern Europe the Near East and Middle East Japan Taiwan the Philippines Australia and Hawaii. It is a rare in immigrant in Great Britain.The wingspan is 20–22 mm. Adults show strong seasonal polymorphism depending on the temperature.
 Asaracus is a genus of jumping spiders.
 Handleyomys is a genus of Central and South American rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. It was first described in 2002 to include two species from the Colombian Andes which were previously included in distinct and unrelated genera Aepeomys and Oryzomys but which turned out to be closely related.
 Cteniloricaria platystoma is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname. This species grows to a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in).
 The Guaiquinima Whitestart (Myioborus cardonai) also known as the Saffron-breasted Whitestart is a species of bird in the Parulidae family. It is endemic to humid highland forests on Cerro Guaiquinima in south-eastern Venezuela. It is sometimes known by the less accurate names Guaiquinima Redstart and Saffron-breasted Redstart. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Charonia lampas rubicunda common name the knobbed triton is a subspecies of very large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae the tritons.Also see Charonia or Triton (mollusc).
 Peasiella habei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Amauris crawshayi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda Burundi Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Tylophora (including Tylophora anomala) Marsdenia Cynanchum Gymnema and Secamone species.
 Pangora matherana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1879. It is found in southern India.
 Bison antiquus sometimes called the ancient bison was the most common large herbivore of the North American continent for over ten thousand years and is a direct ancestor of the living American bison.During the later Pleistocene Epoch between 240000 and 220000 years ago steppe wisent (Bison priscus) migrated from Siberia into Alaska. This species inhabited parts of northern North America throughout the remainder of the Pleistocene. In midcontinent North America however B.
 Neoceratitis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Plusiinae is a smallish (for noctuid standards) subfamily of the moth family Noctuidae. As the Noctuidae appear to be a paraphyletic assemblage the Plusiinae may eventually be raised to family status (Weller et al. 1994).
 Salmo pallaryi was a species of trout that inhabited a single lake in the Atlas mountains of northern Morocco at higher than 2000 metres altitude. It went extinct in the 1930s probably because of introduction of common carp in the lake. Only two individuals remain in museum collections.
 Synechodes coniophora is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.The wingspan is about 10 mm. Adults are dark brown with an orange thorax. Females also have orange marks on the forewings as well as a basal orange patch on the hindwings.The larvae bore into the flower spikes of various Arecaceae species.
 Nathusius' pipistrelle (Pipistrellus nathusii) is a small bat in the pipistrelle genus. It is very similar to the common pipistrelle and has been overlooked in many areas until recently but it is widely distributed across Europe.
 Pelasgus stymphalicus is a threatened species of small freshwater fish. It is a short-lived species and reaches a maximum length of 12 cm.P. stymphalicus is endemic to slow-flowing rivers and wetlands in the Peloponnese and disjunctly in Lake Stymphalia a natural eutrophic lake without surface drainage. The main threats to P. stymphalicus are habitat destruction water extraction and pollution although the species is resilient and well-adapted to unstable conditions.
 The Death-banded snake-eel (Ophichthus frontalis) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Samuel Garman in 1899. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the eastern central and southeastern Pacific Ocean including the central Gulf of California Colombia Costa Rica Mexico and Panama. It dwells at a depth range of 35-760 metres and forms burrows in sandy and muddy bottoms.
 Colla glaucescens is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Colombia and the Amazon region.
 Eurypleuron is a genus of pearlfishes with these currently recognized species: Eurypleuron cinereum (J. L. B. Smith 1955) Eurypleuron owasianum (Matsubara 1953) (eel pearlfish)↑
 Dalaca pallens is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile and Argentina.
 Tomentgaurotes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tomentgaurotes batesi (Aurivillius 1912) Tomentgaurotes maculosus (Bates 1885) Tomentgaurotes multiguttatus (Bates 1892) Tomentgaurotes ochropus (Bates 1880) Tomentgaurotes plumbeus Chemsak & Linsley 1963↑
 Isturgia contexta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar and Comoros.The length of the forewings is 12 to 16mmThe wings are whitish/ochreous-grey ground colour with darker clusting.Underside is cream-white. The antennaes of the male are bipectinated female antennaes are ciliated.
 Nachaba nyctalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Nachaba. It is found in South America and Panama.
 Chamalychaeus takahashii is a species of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Lepadidae is a family of goose barnacles erected by Charles Darwin in 1852. It contains the three genera Lepas Conchoderma and Dosima.
 Barygenys nana is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 The False hour-glass tree frog or yellow tree frog (Polypedates pseudocruciger) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to India.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers swamps intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phymatodes nigrescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Glaucidae is a taxonomic family of colorful sea slugs. These are specifically aeolid nudibranchs. They are marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Aeolidioidea.
 Apterocis is a genus of beetles in the family Ciidae containing the following species: Apterocis ephistemoides (Sharp in Blackburn & Sharp 1885) Apterocis hawaiiensis Perkins 1900 Apterocis hystrix Perkins 1900 Apterocis impunctatus Perkins 1900 Apterocis laiaiensis Perkins 1900 Apterocis minor Perkins 1900 Apterocis montanus Perkins 1900 Apterocis ornatipennis Perkins 1900 Apterocis rufonotatus Perkins 1900 Apterocis strigosus Perkins 1900 Apterocis subaeneus Perkins 1900 Apterocis vagepunctatus (Blackburn in Blackburn & Sharp 1885) Apterocis variabilis Perkins 1900 Apterocis variegatus Perkins 1900↑
 Pseudosimnia shikamai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Hoffmannius is a genus of scorpions in the family Vaejovidae. It comprises the following species:In addition Vaejovis oaxaca belongs to a species group which is now placed in Hoffmannius but the authors who described that species retained its placement in Vaejovis.
 Caryocolum leucofasciatum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Coptarthria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and contains the species C. dasypyga. It is found in Colombia and Guatemala.
 Siksika ottae is an extinct prehistoric cartilaginous fish lived during the Upper Mississippian. It has been discovered at the well known Bear Gulch Formation (Montana United States) dated at Carboniferous period. It is known mostly on the base of fossil teeth but also partially neurocranium and mandibles which hint a close relationship to coeval petalodontiform sharks Janasssa and Netsepoye.
 Paludicella is a genus in a family of Cristatellidae.
 Amara avida is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Homalopoma sangarense is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Periclimenes pholeter is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Palaemonidae. The species is closes to Periclimenes indicus P. obscurus and P. toloensis resembling these species in the presence of an epigastric tooth on the carapace the shape of the abdomen the spinulation of the carapace and the unarmed fingers of the first chelipeds. P. pholeter most resembles P. indicus by the elongatecarpus and long fingers of the second pereiopods differing in these features from P.
 Psoloptera aurifera is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Crenatosipho is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinulidae.
 Antaeotricha vacata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Grenada and Trinidad.The wingspan is 20-22 mm.
 Crithe gofasi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Aphantorhaphopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae. Some consider this to be a subgenus of Siphona most european workers seem content that this is a genus in its own right. They are know from the Palearctic Afrotropical and Oriental regions.
 Leucoedemia is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Cleodoxus stockwelli is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Corbett in 2004 and is known from Costa Rica and Panama.
 Sparganothis flavibasana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America including Illinois Iowa Manitoba Ontario Quebec and Saskatchewan.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Melanomys zunigae also known as Zuniga's Melanomys or Zuniga's Dark Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Melanomys of family Cricetidae. Known only from a small region of coastal Peru it is listed as critically endangered by the IUCN and may even be extinct.
 The Beautiful Yellow Underwing (Anarta myrtilli) is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 20–22 mm. Adults are on wing between May to August depending on the location. There are probably two generations per year.The larvae feed on Calluna vulgaris and Erica tetralix.
 Schwartziella peregrina is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Ranularia encaustica is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Pissodes strobi known as the white pine weevil or Engelmann spruce weevil is the primary weevil attacking and destroying white pines. It was described in 1817 by William Dandridge Peck professor of natural history and botany at Harvard University. The weevil is dark brown with white spots.The eggs are laid inside a tree usually white pine Sitka spruce white spruce Engelmann spruce or other pine or spruce and the offspring feed on this tree until the host is killed.
 Cyptochirus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Rhodogastria similis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1884. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Pelargonium species and Prunus armeniaca.
 Dasyvesica is a genus of snout moths.
 The Stomachetosellidae is a family within the bryozoan order Cheilostomata. Colonies are encrusting on shells and rocks or upright bilaminar branches or sheets. The zooids generally have at least one adventitious avicularia on their frontal wall near the orifice. The frontal wall is usually covered with small pores and numerous larger pores along the margin.
 Nesillas is a genus of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family. It contains the following species: Grand Comoro Brush Warbler (Nesillas brevicaudata) Subdesert Brush Warbler (Nesillas lantzii) Anjouan Brush Warbler (Nesillas longicaudata) Moheli Brush Warbler (Nesillas mariae) Malagasy Brush Warbler (Nesillas typica) Aldabra Brush Warbler (Nesillas aldabrana) (extinct)
 Meganoplium imbelle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Meganoplium.
 Favartia laurae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Paragorgopsis excellens is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragorgopsis of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Blue Periwinkle or Nodilittorina unifasciata Grey 1826 is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the periwinkles.The common name of this snail derives from the pale bluish-grey color of the shell which ranges in adult size from 10 mm to 16 mm.
 Rhenanorallus is a genus of prehistoric rail which existed in Mainz Basin Germany during the late Oligocene or early Miocene. It was described by Gerald Mayr in 2010 from a humerus. The type species is Rhenanorallus rhenanus.
 Pyrgospira is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Bucinna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Compsoptera opacaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western Europe including Spain Portugal France and Italy.The wingspan is 34–45 mm. Adults are on wing from August to October in one generation per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of various plants including Genista Thymus Juniperus and Calluna vulgaris.
 Euxesta schusteri is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 The painted comber (Serranus scriba) is a subtropical marine fish classified in family Serranidae the groupers and sea basses. It is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea. Confusingly a synonym of this species is Perca marina but that name (as Sebastes marinus) has incorrectly been used for a separate species the rose fish.
 Bougainvillia aberrans is a marine invertebrate a species of hydroid in the suborder Anthomedusae. It was first described by Dale Calder in 1993.
 Gemmula praesignis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pandoridae is a taxonomic family of small saltwater clams marine bivalves in the order Pholadomyoida.
 Megalomastomatidae is a family of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family has no subfamilies.
 The spiny turbots are a family Psettodidae of relatively large primitive flatfish found in the tropical waters of the east Atlantic and Indo-Pacific. The family contains just three species all in the same genus Psettodes. The common name comes from the presence of spines in the dorsal and anal fins which may indicate an evolutionary relationship with the Perciformes. They are less asymmetrical than other flatfish although the region around the eyes is twisted.
 Eugnosta jequiena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Bahia).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white with a few pale brownish grey strigulae before the tornus followed by grey suffusion between the tornus and a blackspot at the end of the median cell. The hindwings are brownish with browner strigulation but whiter at the base and in the radial part.
 Melanochromis cyaneorhabdos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from around Likoma Island where it prefers rocky substrates at depths of from 5 to 10 metres (16 to 33 ft). This species can grow to a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) SL.Also known as Maingano this mbuna is often confused with M. johannii. One important distinguishing characteristic is that females are not orange whereas female M. johanii are. Both male & female M.
 Eulimella scillae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Parasetigena is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Dicyemidae is a family of tiny parasites that live in the renal appendages of cephalopods.
 Etheostoma smithi the slabrock darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States. It occurs in the drainages of the lower Cumberland River and the lower Tennessee River in the states of Kentucky and Tennessee. It inhabits rocky pools in smaller rivers and streams and along the rocky margins of larger streams and bodies of water. This species preys on insect larvae and extremely small crustaceans.
 Myriochila is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Myriochila akhteri Cassola & Wiesner 2009 Myriochila albomarginalis (W.Horn 1900) Myriochila atelesta (Chaudoir 1854) Myriochila basilewskyi Cassola 1978 Myriochila chateneti Rivalier 1965 Myriochila cornusafricae Cassola 1987 Myriochila deprimozi (Babault 1913) Myriochila distinguenda (Dejean 1825) Myriochila divina (W.Horn 1893) Myriochila dorsata (Brulle 1834) Myriochila dubia (W.Horn 1892) Myriochila dumolinii (Dejean 1831) Myriochila ehlersi (W.Horn 1914) Myriochila fastidiosa (Dejean 1825) Myriochila flavidens (Guerin-Meneville 1849) Myriochila georgwerneri Werner 1998 Myriochila haladai Kudrna 2010 Myriochila hauseri (W.Horn 1898) Myriochila jordaniana (W.Horn 1898) Myriochila jucunda (Peringuey 1892) Myriochila legalli Kudrna 2008 Myriochila lomii (W.Horn 1938) Myriochila malzyi Rivalier 1965 Myriochila mastersi (Laporte de Castelnau 1867) Myriochila melancholica (Fabricius 1798) Myriochila mirei Basilewsky 1962 Myriochila moseri (W.Horn 1901) Myriochila nudopectoralis (W.Horn 1903) Myriochila orientalis (Dejean 1825) Myriochila parasemicincta (Freitag 1979) Myriochila pauliani (Colas 1942) Myriochila peringueyi (W.Horn 1895) Myriochila perplexa (Dejean 1825) Myriochila philippinensis (Mandl 1956) Myriochila plebeja (Sloane 1905) Myriochila plurinotata (Audouin & Brulle 1839) Myriochila respiciens (W.Horn 1920) Myriochila semicincta (Brulle 1834) Myriochila sericeolongicornis (W.Horn 1926) Myriochila sinica (Fleutiaux 1889) Myriochila specularis (Chaudoir 1865) Myriochila timoriensis (Jordan 1894) Myriochila trilunaris (Klug 1832) Myriochila turkana Werner & Oesterle 2000 Myriochila undulata (Dejean 1825) Myriochila vicina (Dejean 1831) ↑
 Leptodactylodon ovatus is a species of frog in the Astylosternidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Belemnia lydia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Colombia.
 Pseudopalatinae was a subfamily of crocodile-like archosaurs called phytosaurs. As with all other phytosaurs pseudopalatines lived during Late Triassic. The name is derived from the genus Pseudopalatus.A recent phylogenetic analysis found that the genera Pseudopalatus Mystriosuchus Redondasaurus and Nicrosaurus were pseudopalatines.
 The Golden Myna (Mino anais) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea and also in Bangladesh.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Euphaedra oremansi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Proteocephalidae is a family of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidea order.
 Ecsenius bathi known commonly as the Bath's comb-tooth is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean.
 Archimantis sobrina is a species of praying mantis in the genus Archimantis in the order Mantodea.
 Batrachedra atriloqua is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found on Fiji. The larvae have been recorded feeding on Cocos nucifera.
 The Angled Gem or Acute-Lined Flower Moth (Schinia acutilinea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the dry southern portions of Saskatchewan Alberta and British Columbia south across the plains and Great Basin to southern Arizona and California.The wingspan is 25–27 mm.
 The Spotted Sailer (Neptis saclava) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Africa.Wingspan is 40–45 mm in males and 45–48 mm in females. Adults are on the wing year-round with peak from December to May.The larvae feed on Acalypha glabrata Combretum bracteosum Ricinus communis Australina and Pilea.
 Callosobruchus maculatus is a species of beetle known commonly as the cowpea weevil or cowpea seed beetle. It is a member of the leaf beetle family Chrysomelidae and not a true weevil. This common pest of stored legumes has a cosmopolitan distribution occurring on every continent except Antarctica. The beetle most likely originated in West Africa and moved around the globe with the trade of legumes and other crops.
 Euerythra virginea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1924. It is found in Argentina.
 Opanara is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Haenschia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Lamas in 2004. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.The name honours Richard Haensch.
 Vision d'Etat (foaled April 20 2005 in Maine-et-Loire) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Pseudodeltaspis carolinae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Audureau in 2008.
 Callictita cyara is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Nebridia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with four species. Two occur in South America two on Hispaniola.
 Chagunius is a genus of cyprinid fish containing three species which occur in South and Southeast Asia.
 Azpeytia is a genus of hoverfly. Larvae of one species Azpeytia shirakii is known to live in the corms and stems of an orchid Gastrodia elata.
 The Raycraft Ranch killifish or Raycraft poolfish Empetrichthys latos concavus was first described in 1948. It is extinct.
 Big Pebble (foaled 1936 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Bred by Edward R. Bradley at his Idle Hour Stock Farm near Lexington Kentucky his dam was Beach Talk and his sire was Black Servant who would also sire Blue Larkspur.
 The Black Cicadabird (Coracina melas) also known as the New Guinea Cuckooshrike is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Dromioidea is a superfamily of crabs mostly found in Madagascar. The earliest fossils attributable to the Dromioidea date from the Danian.
 Scopula acutanellus is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Africa.
 Tylocephalonyx is an extinct dome-headed chalicothere from the Miocene in North America.It may have used its dome in the same way as the pachycephalosaurs. Tylocephalonyx is related to the modern horse rhino and tapir.
 Pachycerosia lutulenta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman and West in 1928. It is found in the Philippines.
 The wolffish also known as sea wolves are a family Anarhichadidae of perciform fish. They are native to cold waters of the northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans where they live on the continental shelf and slope to depths of about 600 m (2000 ft). They are bottom-feeders eating hard-shelled invertebrates such as clams echinoderms and crustaceans which they crush with their strong canine and molar teeth.
 Spiralisigna minutissima is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Sumbawa Bali Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and the Philippines.The larvae feed on Flacourtia species.
 Phaeoptyx is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Solmarisidae is a family of jellyfish in the order Narcomedusae. The name is sometimes spelled Solmaridae.
 Crocomela imperialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Ecuador.
 Andriasa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Nebria trifaria is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in such US states as California Montana Utah and Wyoming.
 Payton d'Oro (foaled 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. She has won four of her last five outings. She was a September Keeneland Sales graduate that sold for only $35000 in September 2007 as a yearling. The daughter of Medaglia d'Oro will best be remembered for posting a 1¼-length score in the mile and an eighth Grade II $250000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 15 2009.
 Ceromitia sciographa is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 Oncis stuxbergi is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Asymphorodes ergodes is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Spinipogon signata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Myelobia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Diplostichus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Acrolophus minima is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Licininae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following genera:
 Nesaegocera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Beautiful Nuthatch (Sitta formosa) sometimes called Callisitta formosa is a bird species in the Sittidae family. It is a large nuthatch measuring 16.5 cm (6.5 in) in length that lacks sexual dimorphism traits. Its coloration and markings are dramatic the upper parts being black or azure streaked with white and pale blue on the head and lined with the same colors on the wing feathers. The underparts are orange and the eyebrow and throat are ochre.
 Euriphene kiki Kiki’s Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.It is known only from the holotype male which was found in a patch of relict forest that has since been destroyed.
 Acrocercops antimima is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales.The larvae feed on Lomatia myricoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a large brown blotch mine on the upper surface of the leaf.
 Neophrida aurolimbalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Neophrida. It was described by Möschler in 1882 and is known from Surinam.
 Myelois pollinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Myelois. It was described by Christoph in 1877 and is known from Turkmenistan (including Krasnowodsk the type location).
 The Frigga Fritillary (Boloria frigga or Clossiana frigga) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae with a circumboreal distribution. It occurs in bogs and tundra in Northern Europe to the north of 60° N very locally in more southern locations as well as in the Urals Siberia Northern Mongolia the Russian Far East western parts of the United States and Canada. Larvae feed on Rubus chamaemorus Vaccinium oxycoccos and occasionally on Vaccinium uliginosum.
 Urbanus is a genus of skipper butterflies. They belong to the subfamily Eudaminae which was long included with the spread-winged skippers (Pyrginae) as a tribe. They are found from southern USA to South America.Some smaller genera have been merged with Urbanus. One of these now junior synonyms is Eudamus the type genus of the Eudaminae. But in the wide circumscription listed here Urbanus is apparently not monophyletic and thus some of the formerly independent genera are likely valid.
 Dolichovespula norwegica the Norwegian wasp is a species of eusocial wasp from northern Europe.
 Gobiomorphus cotidianus the common bully is a species of sleeper goby endemic to New Zealand. Being amphidromous they can be found in marine fresh and brackish waters. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.
 Chrysallida casta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Pararhadinaea melanogaster is a species of the Colubridae (colubrid) family and is endemic to the island of Madagascar. A common name is the Madagascar burrowing snake.
 Pseudovermis hancocki is species of minute sea slug specifically an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pseudovermidae.These extremely small sea slugs are meiofauna; they live among sand grains.
 Fusiturricula andrei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Clathrinida are an order of Calcinea; they have calcareous skeletons and are strictly marine. These sponges have an asconoid structure and lack a true dermal membrane or cortex. The spongocoel is lined with choanocytes.
 The Forrest's Pika (Ochotona forresti) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is found in Bhutan China India and Myanmar. In India it has been recorded from Arunachal Pradesh in the north-east.
 Pseustes sulphureus the Yellow-bellied Puffing Snake is a large (up to 3 m) snake found in northern South America and Trinidad and Tobago. Adults feed on small mammals and birds while juveniles feed on lizards mice and rats.
 Perleidus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Triassic period. Fossils have been found worldwide. Perleidus was a freshwater predatory fish about 15 centimetres (5.9 in) in length. Its jaws hung vertically under the braincase allowing them to open wide a feature it shared with the earlier palaeonisciform fish from which it may have been descended.
 Aphengium is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Mirosternus eximius also known as the death watch beetle is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Ernocornutia firna is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Cañar Province).The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cream but cream in the distal half of the wing along the edges. The hindwings are whitish cream and cream apically with grey spots.
 Mordellistena altifrons is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1928.
 Cameraria varii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in South Africa. The habitat consists of the Urban area of Pretoria city.The length of the forewings is 2.3–2.5 mm. The forewing ground colour is ochreous. The hindwings are whitish with a silver shine and with a long whitish pale grey fringe slightly darker shaded than the hindwing. Adults are on wing from late October to early November.
 Marbloides is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Scopula libyssa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Africa.The larvae feed on Oxyanthus monteiroi Oxyanthus speciosus and Randia axillare.
 Erebia cyclopius is a species of butterfly of the Satyrinae subfamily in the Nymphalidae family. It is found from the Ural to Siberia northern Mongolia northern China and North Korea. The habitat consists of forest edges flowery meadows and sparse larch forests.The wingspan is 46-62 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Cotesia congregata is a parasitoid wasp of the genus Cotesia. The genus is particularly noted for its use of polydnaviruses. Parasitoids are distinct from true parasites in that a parasitoid will ultimately kill its host or otherwise sterilize it.
 Teenoso (7 April 1980 – October 4 1999) was an American-bred British Thoroughbred racehorse. After showing moderate form as a two-year-old he improved in the spring of 1983 to win the Group Three Lingfield Derby Trial and then won the Classic Epsom Derby giving Lester Piggott a record ninth win in the race.
 Ancylosis arenosella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Staudinger in 1859 and is known from Spain Portugal and Corsica.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Mitrella noel is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Heroini is a fish tribe from the Cichlasomatinae subfamily in the cichlid family. It includes more than 150 species. All cichlids from islands in the Caribbean USA (southern Texas) Mexico and Central America are members of this tribe but it also includes species from South America where other tribes exist. A large percentage of its species were formerly placed in the genus Cichlasoma (itself now placed in the tribe Cichlasomatini) but have since been moved to other genera.
 Haenkea is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Haenkea atra (Chevrolat 1855) Haenkea thoracica (Chevrolat 1855) Haenkea zischkai Tippmann 1953↑
 The Double-eyed Fig Parrot (Cyclopsitta diophthalma) also known as the Blue-faced Fig Parrot Red-faced Fig Parrot Dwarf Fig Parrot and the Two-eyed Fig Parrot primarily inhabits forests on New Guinea and nearby islands but is also found in isolated communities along the tropical Australian coast east of the Great Dividing Range.
 Miresa is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
 Pseudovertagus elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Koloonella capricornia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ptychoglossus Boulenger 1890 is a genus of lizards. They range from Costa Rica through Peru and Brazil being usually restricted to forested habitats. Fifteen species are currently recognized in the genus.
 Punctulum porcupinae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Belospirula is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Acutotyphlops solomonis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Rhagoletis nicaraguensis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Hexachaeta cronia is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Brachypelma auratum (also called Mexican Flame knee) is a tarantula endemic to the regions of Guerrero and Michoacán in Mexico. It is similar in appearance to the Brachypelma smithi albeit slightly darker. Due to the similarities it wasn't considered a distinct species until 1992.
 Gymnallabes nops is a species of airbreathing catfish found in the lower Congo River basin in the countries of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo. It grows to a length of 5.7 cm (2.2 inches) SL.
 Eusparassus levantinus is a spider species found in Spain.
 Listracanthus is a genus of extinct holocephalid closely related to Edestus. Species of Listracanthus are known primarily from their tremendous feather-like denticles which range up to four inches in length. The denticles had a large main spine from which secondary spines emanate from the sides like the barbs of a feather or a comb.
 Mesoclemmys perplexa is a species of turtle.
 Brevibora is a genus of cyprinid fish native to Southeast Asia. They are restricted to the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago.
 Coleophora badiipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe from Fennoscandia to the Mediterranean Sea and from Great Britain to southern Russia. It is also known from North America.The wingspan is 9–11 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Ulmus procera Ulmus minor Corylus Prunus spinosa Fraxinus Acer. The final case is a small laterally compressed spatulate leaf case of 5–6 mm. The mouth angle is 0-10°.
 The Romanian Loach (Sabanejewia romanica) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family. It was originally placed in the genus Cobitis.It is found only in Romania.
 Carposina petraea is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from South Australia and Victoria.
 Blancocamelus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America during the Pliocene through Pleistocene 4.9 mya—300000 years ago existing for approximately 4.6 million years.
 Coleophora feoleuca is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.The larvae feed on Salsola species and Suaeda altissima. They create a light to dark brown composite leaf case made of 2-3 elements. The case is slender and 11-14 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°.
 Eupithecia piccata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have smoky sprinkling over both wings.
 The red-tailed green ratsnake (Gonyosoma oxycephalum also known as arboreal ratsnake and red-tailed racer) is a species of snake found in Southeast Asia.
 Xylotachina is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Eupithecia szelenyica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Sturanyella carolinarum is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae the helicinids.
 Triptychus litosbathron is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pterophorus furcatalis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The wingspan is 16–19 mm. The head palpi antennae and legs are white. The thorax is pale fuscous irrorated with dark fuscous but the anterior margin is broadly white. The abdomen is white with a central longitudinal fuscous stripe. The forewings are light fuscous irrorated with dark fuscous. The hindwings and cilia are snow-white.
 Amoria lineola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Sternotomis ducalis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Cremnoconchus syhadrensis is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.Cremnoconchus syhadrensis is the type species of the genus Cremnoconchus.
 Olegius turkmenicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Olegius.
 Bebearia severini is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Cameroon to the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ubangi Mongala Uele northern Kivu Tshopo and Sankuru).
 The salmon shark Lamna ditropis is a species of shark occurring in the north Pacific ocean. As an apex predator the salmon shark feeds on salmon squid sablefish and herring. Salmon sharks are remarkable for their ability to maintain body temperature known as homeothermy and an as-yet unexplained variability in the sex ratio between the eastern north Pacific and western north Pacific.
 Haplobothynus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Haplobothynus gounellei Tschitscherine 1901 Haplobothynus paranae Tschitscherine 1901↑
 The mesquite mouse (Peromyscus merriami) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae found in Mexico and in Arizona in the United States.
 Triplophysa fuxianensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Hypotia orphna is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Falkovitsch in 1976 and is known from the Kyzyl Kum desert.
 Paradiaptomus is a genus of crustacean in the family Diaptomidae. It includes the following species:
 Hypsopygia nigrivitta is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Australia and south-east Asia including Borneo Sulawesi Java and Malaysia.The larvae are considered a nuisance since they have the habit of spinning a silken burrow beneath and between two pieces of thatch to which it retreats when not feeding. Usually each thatch strip is occupied by a single larva.
 The Little Grey Flycatcher or Little Grey Alseonax (Muscicapa epulata) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The buffy-headed marmoset (Callithrix flaviceps) is a rare species of marmoset endemic to the rainforests of south-eastern Brazil. It occurs in southern Espírito Santo and possibly northern Rio de Janeiro and its distribution extends into Minas Gerais.
 Xerocrassa subrogata is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Vistigma is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Paralacydes vocula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stoll in 1790. It is found in South Africa and Tanzania.
 Chinchipena elettaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Zamora-Chinchipe Province).
 Giacomellia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Neortalotrypeta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Neophasia is a genus of pierid butterflies found in the North America.
 Asterivora inspoliata is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
 Crossidius punctatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1863.
 Myoxocephalus octodecemspinosus or the Longhorn sculpin is a scavenging species of sculpin in the family Cottidae. The species is native to the northwest Atlantic with a range extending from Newfoundland and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence to Virginia.
 Ancylosis pectinatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Uzbekistan Spain and Turkey.The wingspan is about 22 mm.
 Hyalurga uria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1871. It is found in Peru Panama and the Amazon region.
 Eacles penelope is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in South America including Ecuador.The wingspan reaches 185 mm.The larvae feed on Oak.
 Conus musicus common name the music cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There is one subspecies Conus musicus parvatus Walls 1979
 Prionus Geoffroy 1762 is a genus of long-horned beetles of the subfamily Prioninae tribe Prionini widespread in Europe Asia and North America.
 Assara murasei is a species of snout moths in the genus Assara. It was described by Yamanaka in 2008 and is known from Japan.
 Aburina morosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Barbus citrinus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Gastrotheca weinlandii is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Common names: black-tailed horned pitviper.Ophryacus melanurus is a venomous pitviper species endemic to the mountains of southern Mexico. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Tipulamima haugi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Gabon.
 Cisthene conjuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913. It is found in southern Texas.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults are on wing in March July and October.
 Beckianum is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks. This genus in the family Subulinidae.
 The Riverbank Warbler (Myiothlypis rivularis) sometimes known as the Neotropical River Warbler or just River Warbler (leading to confusion with Locustella fluviatilis) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family. It is found at low levels near water in forests and woodlands. Its range includes three disjunct populations with one (M. r.
 Brachinus bellicosus is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in France Portugal and Spain.
 Inanidrilus leukodermatus is a species of Annelid worm.
 Yuchoulepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Henricosborniidae is a family of extinct notoungulate mammals known from the Paleocene and early Eocene of Argentina and Brazil. The name honors U.S. paleontologist Henry Fairfield Osborn.Henricosborniidae is a group of primitive notoungulates assigned to the suborder Notioprogonia together with Notostylopidae not because these two families share any derived features but because they do not clearly belong to any other clade.
 The Plum-headed Finch (Neochmia modesta) also known as Cherry Finch is a common species of estrildid finch found in Australia. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 100000 – 1000000 km².
 Sepiadarium gracilis is a species of cuttlefish native to the Indo-Pacific; it occurs in the South China Sea and off the western Philippines.The type specimen was collected in Philippine waters and is deposited at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington D.C..
 Myllokunmingiids (Order Myllokunmingiida) are forming a group of very early jawless prehistoric fish which lived during the Cambrian period. The group contains only one family the Myllokunmingiidae. Their fossils have been found only in Maotianshan Shales. Also Myllokunmingiids are the first craniotes an unranked group of chordates.
 Apatelodes milma is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Lottia mesoleuca is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Pusillina inconspicua is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Bohemannia pulverosella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Iberian Peninsula the Alps Slovenia and Bulgaria and from Ireland to central Russia and Ukraine.The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Malus domestica Malus x purpurea and Malus sylvestris. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a narrow strongly contorted corridor. The corridor abruptly widens into an elongate blotch that often runs over the initial corridor.
 Mabuya nigropunctata is a species of skink found in South America. It has shiny bronze or copper skin with a dark longitudinal stripe along each flank that is often bordered by cream-colored lines.It was until recently confused with M. bistriata many populations of which have since been reassigned to M. nigropunctata. It may also be considered a synonym with the closely related M. mabouya which is found in the Caribbean.
 Carabus jankowskii taebeagsanensis is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family. They are black coloured with brown pronotum.
 The African dusky shrew (Crocidura caliginea) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Ethiopia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations .
 Oxathridia roraimae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Oxathridia.
 Dichomeris apicispina is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Li and Zheng in 1996. It is known from the Shaanxi and Jiangxi provinces in China.
 Protatlanta rotundata is an extinct species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.
 Diagrapta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tylopeza is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Pleurotomella granuliapicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Cerobasis denticulata is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 The Long Tail Admiral or Long-tailed Admiral (Antanartia schaeneia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Africa.Both sexes are attracted to fermented fruit and males mud-puddle.The larvae feed on Fleurya capensis Boehmeria nivea Australina Boehmeria Pouzolzia and Urtica species.
 A bumblebee also written bumble bee is any member of the bee genus Bombus in the family Apidae. There are over 250 known species existing primarily in the Northern Hemisphere although they also occur in South America. They have been introduced to New Zealand and the Australian state of Tasmania.Bumblebees are social insects that are characterised by black and yellow body hairs often in bands. However some species have orange or red on their bodies or may be entirely black.
 An earthworm is a tube-shaped segmented animal commonly found living in soil that feeds on live and dead organic matter. Its digestive system runs through the length of its body. It conducts respiration through its skin. An earthworm has a double transport system composed of coelomic fluid that moves within the fluid-filled coelom and a simple closed blood circulatory system. It has a central and a peripheral nervous system.
 Cymothoe jodutta the Jodutta Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of wet forests.The larvae feed on Caloncoba species.
 Eumysia maidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Eumysia. It was described by Dyar in 1905. It is found in California.
 The longrakered trevally Ulua mentalis (also known as the cale cale trevally and heavyjawed kingfish) is a species of marine fish in the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae. The longrakered trevally is distributed throughout the tropical and subtropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans from Mozambique and Madagascar in the west to Japan and northern Australia in the east.
 Sinocyclocheilus guishanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Neomulona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Neomulona torniplaga which is found in Brazil.
 Conus iodostoma common name the violet-mouth cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 †Mautodontha zebrina was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to the Cook Islands. It is now extinct.
 Pleuroxia arcigerens is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Oreonetes is an extinct genus of oreodont endemic to North America from the Late Eocene 38.0—33.9 Ma living approximately 4.1 million years.Oreonetes was a very small browsing oreodont found in the forest undergrowth in the Western United States during the Late Eocene.
 Aglossosia chrysargyria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Malawi Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Centruroides pallidiceps is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family. It is native to Mexico.
 Abronia fuscolabialis is an endangered arboreal alligator lizard described in 1944 by Tihen.
 Lobobasis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lobobasis niveimaculata which is found from India (Sikkim) Bhutan and Sundaland to Queensland the Solomon Islands and New Guinea. The habitat consists of lower montane forests upper montane forests and various types of lowland forests.Adults are sexually dimorphic. The forewings are mostly purplish red with a yellow apical area.
 Tasmaphena is a genus of medium-sized predatory air-breathing land snails carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Rhytididae.
 Myxas is a genus of small air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 Holbrookia is a genus of earless lizards known commonly as the lesser earless lizards which contains three recognized species found throughout the southwestern and central United States and northern Mexico. They are characterized by having no external ear openings presumably to prevent sand from entering their bodies when they are digging. The name Holbrookia is in honor of American zoologist John Edwards Holbrook.[1]
 The Walnut Orb-weaver Spider (Nuctenea umbratica) is a spider of the Araneidae family.
 Stoliczka's Trident Bat (Aselliscus stoliczkanus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in China Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Heliocheilus pallida is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland South Australia and Western Australia.Larvae have been recorded feeding on the seedheads of Dichantium tenuiculum.
 Eupithecia basurmanca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran (Mazandaran).The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are ochreous brown. The hindwings are paler ochreous brownish darkened to the terminal area.
 The Waratah anemone Actinia tenebrosa is the most common species of sea anemone found in the waters of eastern Australia and also New Zealand. It is found relatively high on the seashore in rock pools and various cracks and shaded surfaces such as under rock overhangs in the intertidal zone.
 The Botswanan Long-Eared Bat (Laephotis botswanae) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Namibia South Africa Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.It is found in these habitats: dry savanna moist savanna and swamps.
 The frog shark (Somniosus longus) is a species of shark that is very rare and is mainly found is deeper water. It is in the sleeper shark family with the Greenland shark.
 Pyrgophorus coronatus is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The Jalapan pine vole (Microtus quasiater) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 Chelidonichthys obscurus the Longfin gurnard is a species of sea robin that can be found in such seas as Aegean and Black Seas and from British Isles to Mauritania. They are also common in East Atlantic Ocean where they occur at depths of 170 metres (560 ft). The species is 34 centimetres (13 in) TL. This species is of commercial importance as a food fish.
 Emblemariopsis is a genus of flagblennies found throughout the Atlantic ocean.
 Batrachedra epimyxa is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in India.
 Cancellopollia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Oak Lutestring (Cymatophorima diluta) is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 33–36 mm. The moth flies from August to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on the leaves of Oak trees.
 Tiariturris libya is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Mindoro Hornbill (Penelopides mindorensis) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family. It is endemic to forests on Mindoro in the Philippines. As is the case with all Philippine tarictic hornbills it has been considered a subspecies of P. panini. It is the only tarictic hornbill where both sexes are creamy-white and black. The sexes are very similar and primarily differ in the colour of the ocular ring (pinkish-white in the male blue in the female).
 Acompsia ponomarenkoae is a moth of the Gelechiidae family which can be found in Albania and Greece.The wingspan is 20–24 millimetres (0.79–0.94 in) for males and 16–17 millimetres (0.63–0.67 in) for females. The forewings of the males are plain light brown with scattered black brown scales. The hindwings are grey. Females have dark brown forewings overlaid with lighter brown scales. The hindwings are grey. Adults are on wing from late May to late July.
 Normaltica is a genus of flea beetles found in the Greater Antilles. They are distinctive for their clavate antennae (having one end thicker than the other like a club) not found in other known New World flea beetles.
 Caloptilia palustriella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The larvae feed on Salix species including Salix lasiolepis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Paraperplexia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Procecidochares australis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Procecidochares of the family Tephritidae.
 Gahniacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae containing the following species: Gahniacarus gersonus Beard & Ochoa 2011 Gahniacarus tuberculatus Beard & Ochoa 2011↑
 Tanea zelandica common name the necklace shell or the New Zealand Moon Snail is a species of medium-sized sea snail a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the Family Naticidae the moon snails or necklace shells.
 Splendrillia coccinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Empyelocera nigriceps is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Empyelocera of the family Tephritidae.
 Feroponera is a monotypic Afrotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae containing the single species Feroponera ferox.The genus is known only from its type series of five workers from Cameroon. The type series was recovered from an abandoned termitary of Cubitermes. The termitary was not occupied and provides no evidence that the species is termitophagous but the modified condition of the mandibles and clypeus implies that its diet is carnivorous and specialized.
 Nelphe relegatum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found the southern United States Mexico Costa Rica Nicaragua Guatemala and Peru.
 Chapoania is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Eupithecia biumbrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 The Transcaucasian water shrew (Neomys teres) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia and possibly Iran and Turkey.
 Trachypepla roseata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Philpott in 1923. It is found in New Zealand.
 Squalius torgalensis is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is found only in Portugal.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Setia impolite is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 For the plant genus see Loricaria (plant).Loricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Stomina is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Epicephala euchalina is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Myanmar.
 Mursa is a genus of moths formerly of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme.
 Myrmoxenus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Calocochlia pan is a species of large air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is very common in the Philippines. The shell is between 41 to 47 millimeters long with brown spiral bands and a cream-colored background.
 Vexillum amandum common name : the Amanda mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The smallmouth knifetooth dogfish Scymnodon obscurus is a harmless sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae found in the central Atlantic between latitudes 65°N and 36°S from the surface to 1450 m. Its length is up to 70 cm. Scymnodon obscurus is a synonym of velvet dogfish Zameus squamulosus.Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Swannia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Thyrosticta incerta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Grey-naped Antpitta (Grallaria griseonucha) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Thesprotia fuscipennis common name Grass Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil.
 Vandamia is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 The island trevally Carangoides orthogrammus (also known as the island jack thicklip trevally and false bluefin trevally) is a widespread species of offshore marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The island trevally is common through the tropical regions of the Indian and Pacific Oceans ranging from Mozambique and the Seychelles in the west to Hawaii and the Revillagigedo Islands in the central and eastern Pacific.
 Dr. Freeland (foaled 1926) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his win in the Preakness Stakes the then first leg of the 1929 United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing. He was named for Dr. John Freeland a prominent New York City banker.Trained by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inducteeThomas J. Healey Dr. Freeland was bred and raced by Walter J.
 Holcopogon is a genus of gelechioid moths. It is the type genus of the family Holcopogonidae which is sometimes united with the concealer moth subfamily Autostichinae to a family Autostichidae. In that case the Holcopogonidae are downranked to subfamily Holcopogoninae.The type species was designated as H. helveolellus but this turned out to be a junior synonym of H. bubulcellus. Some authors have thus erroneously assumed the latter taxon to be the genus' type.
 The Tundra Swan (Cygnus columbianus) is a small Holarctic swan. The two taxa within it are usually regarded as conspecific but are also sometimes split into two species Cygnus bewickii (Bewick's Swan) of the Palaearctic and the Whistling Swan C. columbianus proper of the Nearctic. Birds from eastern Russia (roughly east of the Taimyr Peninsula) are sometimes separated as the subspecies C. c. jankowskii but this is not widely accepted as distinct most authors including them in C. c.
 Big Zeb (foaled 13 May 2001) is a retired Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing and was best known for his performances in steeplechases over the minimum distance of two miles. He was slow to mature and made little impact in bumpers and hurdle races before being switched to chasing and winning the Swordlestown Cup Novice Chase in 2008. In the following season he won the Paddy Power Dial-A-Bet Chase but fell twice in five races.
 The Utah Sucker Catostomus ardens is a sucker of the family Catostomidae found in the upper Snake River and the Lake Bonneville areas of western North America.This is a large fish that can grow up to 25.5 (65cm) in length. Relatively elongate for a sucker the back area between the head and dorsal fin is somewhat elevated.
 The western bean cutworm (Striacosta albicosta) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family and the only member of the Striacosta genus. It is endemic to the Western parts of the United States but since 2000 the species has spread east through Iowa Minnesota Illinois Missouri Indiana Wisconsin Michigan and Ohio.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Phyllophryne scortea the Smooth anglerfish is a species of frogfish endemic to the waters around Australia. This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Plusiini are the largest tribe of moths in the Plusiinae subfamily. At least one undescribed genus is known to exist.
 Eosictis is an extinct genus of Miacidae. It was first named by Scott in 1945 and contains one species Eosictis avinoffi.
 Spirophorida is an order of sea sponges belonging to the class Demospongiae.Members of this order are known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
 Mimetebulea is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cacostatia acutipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Colombia.The wingspan is about 42 mm. The forewings are black-brown slightly glossed with blue. The hindwings are hyaline.
 Fresna carlo Evans’ Acraea Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo western Uganda and possibly Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males are attracted to bird-droppings.
 Tetrathemis polleni is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Somalia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Austrocidaria parora is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.Adults are on wing in August and September.The larvae feed on Coprosma species.
 Scoliacma hampsoni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Songanella is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Tithonian stage of the Late Jurassic epoch.
 †Amastra elongata was a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae. This species was endemic to Hawaii.
 Erionota torus the Rounded Palm-redeye Sikkim Palm Dart Sikkim Palm Red-eye and Banana Skipper is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Evans in 1941. It is found from India (Sikkim) to Burma Thailand Laos Vietnam Malaysia Singapore and China. It has also been recorded from Taiwan.The wingspan is 65–70 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in April to November.
 Paradictyna is a spider genus endemic to New Zealand. They are cribellate (hackled band-producing) spider of the family Dictynidae.
 Anarsia balioneura is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Asota heliconia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics east to Queensland and the Solomons.The wingspan is 52 mm.Larvae have been recorded on Averrhoa species.
 Amblyseius angulatus is a species of mite in the Phytoseiidae family. It was described by Karg in 1982
 Asura disticha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma.
 Mordella robusta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Stictochironomus is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae. Members of this genus often have strongly marked wings and legs. The larvae of these midges may also have distinct dark patterns on the dorsal side of the head capsule. They live in sand and other sediments in a variety of fresh water habitats in densities of several hundred per square meter. S.
 Chiromachla is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Ceratitis rosa the Natal fruit fly or Natal fly a species from the family Tephritidae of the order Diptera is a fruit fly. It was described in 1887 from specimens of Delagoa Bay Mozambique.
 Pseudotessellarctia brunneitincta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil.
 The Indonesian Honeyeater (Lichmera limbata) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is the only species of honeyeater to occur west of the Wallace Line the biogeographical boundary between the Australian-Papuan and Oriental zoogeographical regions. The species is sometimes considered conspecific with the Brown Honeyeater.
 Hermit (1864–1890) sometimes known incorrectly as The Hermit was a 19th-century British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from April 1866 until July 1869 he ran twenty-three times and won eight races. He was a leading two-year-old in 1866 and won the 1867 Epsom Derby despite breaking down in training shortly before the race.
 Canidia canescens is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1955 and is known from western Mexico.
 Micromelo guamensis common name the Guam paper bubble is a species of sea snail a bubble snail a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae.
 Cyphoma macumba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Glossophaginae is a subfamily of leaf-nosed bats.
 Meteora (1802–1821) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic Oaks Stakes at Epsom Downs Racecourse in 1805. In a racing career which began with her win in the Oaks on 31 May 1805 and lasted until July 1810 she ran thirty-six timeas and won twenty-four races.
 Austrocordulia leonardi is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trilocha guianensis is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Thiaucourt in 2009. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Two-barred Flasher (Astraptes fulgerator) is a cryptic species complex in the spread-wing skipper butterfly genus Astraptes. It ranges all over the Americas from the southern USA to northern Argentina.
 Actinoposthiidae is a family of flatworms.
 The Norfolk Swallowtail (Papilio amynthor) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family that is found in New Caledonia Loyalty Islands and Norfolk Island.The wingspan is 80–100 mm.The larvae feed on Citrus limon.
 Arctagyrta is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains a single species Arctagyrta nana which is found in Amazonas.
 Eretis vaga is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba) Uganda western Kenya north-western Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
 Thoracolopha was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. Sources disagree on the current placement of this genus.
 The Ash-throated Crake (Porzana albicollis) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and swamps.Small secretive crake with a short bill. With black and olive brown streaks on the back. Tail is black underparts slate except throat is pale grey.
 Daphnella clathrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Yellow Meadow Ant Lasius flavus is one of the most common ants in Central Europe although it also occurs in Asia North Africa and eastern North America.The queen is 7–9 mm long males 3–4 mm and workers 2–4 mm. Their colour varies from yellow to brown with queen and males being slightly more darkly colored.The species lives primarily underground in meadows and very commonly lawns.
 Tragidion agave is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Swift & Ray in 2008.
 Telipna rufilla the Niger Delta Telipna is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 The gray-bellied caenolestid (Caenolestes caniventer) or grey-bellied shrew opossum is a species of shrew opossum in the family Caenolestidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Chironomidae (informally known as chironomids or nonbiting midges) are a family of nematoceran flies with a global distribution. They are closely related to the Ceratopogonidae Simuliidae and Thaumaleidae. Many species superficially resemble mosquitoes but they lack the wing scales and elongated mouthparts of the Culicidae.
 Gorgopis aurifuscata is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Haplophaedia is a small genus of hummingbirds which - together with the members of the genus Eriocnemis - are known as pufflegs. They are found at low levels in humid forest woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1200 to 3100 m. asl in the Andes of Bolivia Peru Ecuador and Colombia. All species have a straight black bill a coppery-green plumage and a slightly forked dark blue tail. The leg-puffs are white in the Greenish and Hoary Pufflegs and buff-tinged in the Buff-thighed Puffleg.
 The butterfly rays are a group of rays forming the genus Gymnura and the family Gymnuridae. They are found in warm oceans worldwide and occasionally in estuaries.The body of butterfly rays is flattened and surrounded by an extremely broad disc formed by the pectoral fins which merge in front of the head. They have a very short thread-like tail. They range from 31 cm (12 in) to 4 m (13 ft) in body length.McEachran et al.
 Rastrinus scutiger is a species of sculpin found from the Gulf of Alaska to the Bering Sea in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. It is a deep water species occurring at depths of from 100 to 740 metres (330 to 2430 ft) most commonly found at 200 to 300 metres (660 to 980 ft). This species grows to a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Glipa atripennis is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1923.
 The Yucatan Vireo (Vireo magister) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.It is found in Belize Honduras and Mexico. There is a well-documented record from High Island Texas in 1984 but this is the only record for the United States.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Lower-Middle Cambrian animal Rhabdotubus is the earliest known pterobranch. which bears strong similarity to the graptolites - indeed for some time it was misclassified as a dendroid graptolite.
 Tomeurus gracilis is a species of poeciliid fish native to South America. This species grows to a length of 3.3 centimetres (1.3 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Nilgerides trifasciata is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The head patagia tegulae thorax and ground colour of the forewing are blackish brown while the basal medial and terminal areas of the wing are dark blackish brown. The subterminal area and the fringes are slightly lighter brown. The crosslines are generally indistinct. The antemedial and postmedial line are brown suffused with black scales.
 Metaloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 The family Corydalidae contains the megalopterous insects known as dobsonflies and fishflies. Making up about one dozen genera they occur primarily throughout the Northern Hemisphere both temperate and tropical and South America.They are sizeable Megaloptera with a body usually larger than 25 mm (1 inch). They often have long filamentous antennae though in male fishflies they are characteristically feathered. Ocelli are present; the fourth tarsal segment is cylinder-shaped.
 Calophasidia dichroa is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.
 Common names: black-headed bushmaster.Lachesis melanocephala is a venomous pitviper species found in Costa Rica. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Orthogonius smetsi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Monstrotyphis carolinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Neocteniza is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae with species found in South America.
 Psychropotes is a genus of sea cucumbers in the family Psychropotidae.
 Pisania rosadoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Erechthias diaphora is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is known from Australia including New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.Adults dark brown forewings with pale bands along the margins.The larvae live in a silken case covered in frass. They have been recorded hiding underneath loose bark on Wattles and Gum trees.
 Phasiinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Leptophobia cinerea the Cinerea White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found from Ecuador to Bolivia.The wingspan is 45–58 mm (1.8–2.3 in). Adults have black markings on the upperside. The underside of the hindwings is dull brown.
 Himalzaleptus quinqueconicus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Anarnatula subflavida is a species of snout moths in the genus Anarnatula. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama and Costa Rica.
 Pseudosoloe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mordellistena caledonica is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1905 by Fauv.
 Pseudoceros laingensis is a marin flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.
 Xestia sareptana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from few localities in the European part of south-eastern Russia Turkey the Caucasus region western Iran Lebanon and Israel.Adults are on wing in September to October. There is one generation per year.
 The Waved Sphinx (Ceratomia undulosa) is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in the United States and southern Canada east of the Rocky Mountains.Adult moths are strictly nocturnal hiding away as dawn approaches (Fullard & Napoleone 2001).Recorded food plants of the larvae include Fraxinus possibly Quercus species.
 Alucita walmakensis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Gielis in 2009. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Haemanota affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana Surinam Brazil Venezuela and Bolivia.
 Squaliolus is a genus of deep-sea dogfish sharks in the family Dalatiidae.
 Chaetocnema hortensis also known as the Corn Flea Beetle and Clover Flea Beetle is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family found in Texas USA and Canada.
 Oegoconia novimundi is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain France Germany Austria Slovakia Croatia former Serbia and Montenegro Italy Bulgaria Hungary the Republic of Macedonia Greece and on Corsica and the Azores.
 Sitala palmaria is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.
 Leptodactylus rhodomystax is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. Its local name is sapo-rana rugoso de Boulenger (Boulenger's rough toad-frog).It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru and Suriname.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Placid Ark (1983-1988) was an Australian thoroughbred foaled in Western Australia.
 Chenops is an extinct genus of notostracan which existed in the Yixian Formation Inner Mongolia and the Jehol fauna of China during the early Cretaceous period (Barremian age). The genus was erected by Thomas A. Hegna and Ren Dong in 2010 to describe the Yixian species Chenops yixianensis. A second species originally described as Prolepidurus oblongus from the Jehol fauna was redescribed as C. oblongus.Unlike other notostracan genera like Triops and Lepidurus Chenops lacked eyes.
 The Indian palm squirrel (Funambulus palmarum) also known as three-striped palm squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae. It is found naturally in India (south of the Vindhyas) and Sri Lanka. In the late 19th century the palm squirrel was introduced into Western Australia where it has since become a minor pest that is actively targeted for eradication due to its lack of natural predators.
 Common names: rough-scaled bush viper spiny bush viper hairy bush viper more.Atheris hispida is a venomous viper species endemic to Central Africa. It is known for its extremely keeled dorsal scales that give it an almost bristly appearance. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Amphibola is a genus of small air-breathing terrestrial or semi-marine snails with an operculum pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Amphibolidae.
 Metallosia nitens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 The Avalon Hairstreak (Strymon avalona) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to the United States.
 Carausius is a genus of the tribe Lonchodini in the order Phasmatodea (stick and leaf insects). The genus is in many ways typical of the Phasmatodea in that all species are twig-like in appearance.Carausius morosus is the most commonly kept stick insect in captivity.
 The Long-tailed Ground Dove (Uropelia campestris) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family the doves and pigeons. It is the only species monotypic within the genus Uropelia.[citation needed]It is found in the cerrado of central and northeast-central Brazil and neighboring Bolivia in the southwest.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
 The Sundew Plume Moth (Buckleria parvulus) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the south-eastern United States including Florida North Carolina Louisiana Alabama Georgia Mississippi South Carolina and Texas.Its average wingspan is about 12 millimetres (0.47 in).The larvae feed on Drosera brevifolia Drosera intermedia and Drosera filiformis. They feed on the glandular trichomes leaves and flowers of their host plant.
 Lemyra rubidorsa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1865. It is found in Pakistan (Kashmir) India (Himachal-Pradesh Sikkim Assam) and China (Yunan Tibet).
 Pseuderastria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Abyssocottidae are a family of fishes in the superfamily Cottoidea the sculpins. They are known commonly as the deep-water sculpins. The entire family is endemic to Lake Baikal in Siberia and associated rivers.Sculpins of this family live in deep water usually below 170 m.
 Hypotrix vigasia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Veracruz in south-eastern Mexico.Poole (1989) listed H. vigasia as a synonym of Bombyx agavis Blasquez 1870 but the location of the types of Bombyx agavis if any exist is unknown and the original paintings (Blasquez 1870 Figs 6 9) are not identifiable as a noctuid and may be a cossid.
 Synechodes is a genus of moths in the Brachodidae family.
 The Dingy Footman (Collita griseola) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe and North and South-East Asia.The wingspan is 32–40 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on lichen.In Britain it showed a spectacular increase in abundance during the period 1968 to 2007 like a number of moth species with caterpillars that feed on lichens and algae.
 Rivetina tarda is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 The White-bellied Heron (Ardea insignis) also known as the Imperial Heron or Great White-bellied Heron is a species of large heron found in the foothills of the eastern Himalayas in India northeastern Bangladesh Burma and Bhutan. Additionally there are records from Nepal. It is mostly all dark grey with white throat and underparts. This heron is mostly solitary and is found on undisturbed riverside or wetland habitats.
 Monortha is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Antirrhea philoctetes the Common Brown Morpho or Northern Antirrhea is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758. It is found in Costa Rica Panama Guatemala Colombia Venezuela the Guianas Peru Brazil and Bolivia.The larvae feed on Geonoma longivaginata.
 Favartia bellini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Taranidaphne hongkongensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Ethmia susa is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 22-24 mm. The forewings are grey marked with twelve black spots arranged into four oblique parallel rows. The hindwings are also grey. Adults are on wing from March to September.
 Eupithecia scione is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Pheidologeton is a genus of ants also called marauder ants due to their raids similar to those of army ants. Their nests are more permanent but almost as large as those of army ants. This genus of ant is recognisable by its dramatic polymorphism the difference in sizes of the worker castes; there is a super-major worker in addition to major and minor.There are about 42 species/subspecies in this genus. They range from Africa through south Asia into Australia.Two fossil species are known.
 Leuciscus dzungaricus is a species of cyprinid fish known from Bulgan Gol river in Mongolia.
 The Sordid Wainscot or Tufted Sedge Moth (Hypocoena inquinata) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across Canada from Newfoundland to British Columbia south in the east to Connecticut and Ohio and in the west to Colorado.The wingspan is 20–28 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on sedges.
 Phyllocnistis lucernifera is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Maharashtra India. The hostplant for the species is Maharashtra. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a wandering zigzag gallery on the under surface of the leaf.
 Amphodia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Great Basin pocket mouse (Perognathus parvus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is found in British Columbia in Canada and the western United States.
 The Natal Bar or Natal Barred Blue (Cigaritis natalensis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa from the East Cape along the coast to KwaZulu-Natal Swaziland the Orange Free State Mpumalanga Gauteng the Limpopo Province the North West Province and part of the North Cape. It is also present in Botswana.The wingspan is 25-32.5 mm for males and 26.5–34 mm for females.
 Graphium almansor the Almansor White-lady Swordtail or Honrath’s White Lady is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Guinea Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo Angola the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Ethiopia Uganda Kenya Tanzania Zambia and possibly Rwanda and Burundi.Adults of both sexes mimic Amauris species including Amauris damocles and species of the Amauris echeria-group.
 The Plain-breasted Earthcreeper (Upucerthia validirostris jelskii) is a bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It has been lumped together with the Buff-breasted Earthcreeper based on song continuous song duet and call.
 Euglossa bidentata is a Euglossine bee species found in the Amazon rainforest.
 The Burmese Bushblue Arhopala birmana is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Eubiodectes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Papago is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Thermochrous stenocraspis is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zimbabwe.
 Ypsolopha seniculella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Turkmenistan and Kyrghyzstan.
 Cyclosia midamia is a moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Malaysia and on Borneo.
 Pachytyla is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Microhyla maculifera is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Inanidrilus triangulatus is a species of Annelid worm.
 Trox atrox is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 The flatnose cat shark Apristurus acanutus is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the northwest Pacific Ocean off Zhujiang South China Sea. This species is now considered a junior synonym of A. platyrhynchus.
 Melese underwoodi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Hyastenus is a genus of crabs in the family Epialtidae subfamily Pisinae containing the following extant species:One further fossil species is known.
 Littorina remondii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Oidaematophorus trachyphloeus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Costa Rica Guatemala and Panama.The wingspan is 23–24 millimetres (0.91–0.94 in). The forewings are mottled grey‑brown and ochreous. The hindwings and fringes are brown‑grey. Adults are on wing in May and September.
 The flame angelfish (Centropyge loricula) is a marine angelfish of the family Pomacanthidae found in tropical waters of the Pacific Ocean. Other common names include flame angel flaming angelfish and Japanese pygmy angelfish.
 Calophysus macropterus (also known as the Piracatinga or Zamurito) is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the monotypic genus Calophysus of the family Pimelodidae.This fish has also been placed in its own family Calophysidae.This species reaches 40 centimetres (16 in) SL and originates from the Amazon and Orinoco River basins.
 Apomyelois cognata is a species of snout moths in the genus Apomyelois. It was described by Staudinger in 1871. It is found in Greece and Russia.The wingspan is 20–23 mm.
 Callionymus belcheri Belcher's dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean waters off of Australia and Papua New Guinea where it occurs at depths of from 18 to 36 metres (59 to 118 ft). This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Prosipho sindemarkae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Homostolus acer the Filament cusk is a species of cusk-eel found in the western Pacific Ocean from the waters off of Japan to Australia and New Caledonia where it occurs at depths of from 300 to 1000 metres (980 to 3280 ft). This species grows to a length of 18.4 centimetres (7.2 in) SL and is of minor importance to commercial fisheries. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Eupithecia longifimbria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Ypsolopha oliviella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States including Arizona.The wingspan is about 21.5 mm.The antennae are silvery white with narrow dark brown annulations. The labial palpi are yellowish-brown mottled on the outside with dark brown scales. The tuft is small and the terminal joint is roughened in front. The head and thorax are light brown.
 Phalonidia droserantha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 The Van Son's Emperor (Charaxes vansoni) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in southern Africa.The wingspan is 48–56 mm in males and 50–60 mm in females. It flies year-round with peaks from February to May and in spring.The larvae feed on Peltophorum africanum.
 The Northern Bobwhite Virginia Quail or (in its home range) Bobwhite Quail (Colinus virginianus) is a ground-dwelling bird native to the United States Mexico and the Caribbean. It is a member of the group of species known as New World quails (Odontophoridae).They were initially placed with the Old World quails in the pheasant family (Phasianidae) but are not particularly closely related. The name bobwhite derives from its characteristic whistling call.
 Notodontinae is the nominate subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae. The Ptilodoninae are sometimes merged herein. The genus list is preliminary as not all Notodontidae have been assigned to subfamilies yet.
 Langerra is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).While L. oculina is only known from females only the male of L. longicymbia has been described.The first L. oculina was beaten from bushes in forest of Vietnam. It was four millimeters long. Its carapace is orange-brown with a lighter patch towards the posterior margin. Around the front median eyes it is dark brown the other eyes are surrounded black. The grey opisthosoma darkens posteriorly.
 Asprocottus pulcher is a deepwater sculpin. It was described by Dmitrii Nikolaevich Taliev in 1955. It is a freshwater fish which is endemic to Lake Baikal Russia. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 50-250 metres.
 Tectonatica rizzae is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Leiocassis is a genus of bagrid catfishes found mostly in Southeast Asia with some species occurring in China.This genus has a confused taxonomy and there is uncertainty surrounding the number of valid species. Certain East Asian bagrids formerly placed in this genus have been moved to Pseudobagrus. In 2006 Heok Hee Ng considered the genus Leiocassis to be restricted to Sundaic Southeast Asia and Borneo and only a handful of species as valid (L. aculeatus L. collinus L. hosii L.
 Campydelta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The common ringtail possum (Pseudocheirus peregrinus Greek for false hand and Latin for pilgrim or alien) is an Australian marsupial. It lives in a variety of habitats and eats a variety of leaves of both native and introduced plants as well as flowers and fruits. The Ringtail Possum does not occur in New Zealand. This possum also consumes a special type of faeces that is produced during the daytime when it is resting in a nest.
 The yellowbelly flounder Rhombosolea leporina is a flatfish of the genus Rhombosolea found around New Zealand.
 Metarctia priscilla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Ghana and Guinea.
 Laneco is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ptelina carnuta the Bordered Buff is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo southern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Haut-Uele Ituri Tshopo Equateur Kinshasa Sankuru and Lualaba) Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
 Leptophis mexicanus commonly known as the Mexican parrot snake is a species of medium-sized slender snake of the Colubridae family. It is endemic to the Americas.
 The black lemur (Eulemur macaco) is a species of lemur from the family Lemuridae. Like all lemurs it is endemic to Madagascar. Originally the species was thought to have two subspecies Eulemur macaco macaco and Eulemur macaco flavifrons both of which were elevated to species status by Mittermeier et al. in 2008 to Eulemur macaco and Eulemur flavifrons respectively.
 Scopula candida is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Acicula is a genus of very small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Aciculidae.
 The Crested Shriketit (Falcunculus frontatus) is a bird endemic to Australia where it inhabits open eucalypt forest and woodland.
 The serotine bat (Eptesicus serotinus) is a fairly large European bat with quite large ears. It has a wingspan of around 37 cm (15 in) and often hunts in woodland. It sometimes roosts in buildings hanging upside down in small groups or individually.
 Diaphantania is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Reflectopallium papillatum is a species of air-breathing land slug specifically a leaf-veined slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae.
 The gray slender loris (Loris lydekkerianus) is a species of primate in the family Loridae. It is found in India and Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. The species used to be considered as Loris tardigradus lydekkerianus but Loris tardigradus is now a separate species found in Sri Lanka.
 Blaberus is a genus of cockroaches.They are generally from South America.There are around 10 species in the Blaberus genus and they are popular among hobbyists as fodder for other arthropods (Blaberus discoidalis in particular serves this function) or as pets.Unlike several genera of cockroach considered to be pests this genus of cockroach keeps its ootheca in its abdomen until the time it hatches.They generally require a relative humidity of 60%+ to thrive and temperatures above 25c (28-30c is best) to reproduce.Blaberus giganteus is one of the world's longest roaches. 
 Glyphipterix versicolor is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
 Calathus marcellae is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Cosmopterix sibirica is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from the South Siberian mountains and Mongolia.The wingspan is 11-13 mm. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Antichloris clementi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1938. It is found in Cuba.
 Lopinga is a genus of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 The canary rockfish (Sebastes pinniger) is a rockfish of the Pacific coast found from south of Shelikof Strait in the eastern Gulf of Alaska to Punta Colnett in northern Baja California.
 Acentria ephemerella (formerly A. nivea) is a species of grass moth known as the watermilfoil moth or water veneer. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious aquatic plant known as Eurasian watermilfoil (Myriophyllum spicatum).The adult male is a white moth with a wingspan of about 12 millimeters. There are two female morphologies. Most females are flightless and live on the surface of the water or just submersed. A few females have longer wings and fly.
 Ventrifossa saikaiensis is a species of rattail. This is a deep-water fish found at depths of up to 740 m. It is found in the waters off southern Japan and northern Taiwan.This species reaches a length of up to 25 cm. It has a pointed snout a large inferior mouth with a dark margin on the upper lip and a long chin barbel. The first dorsal fin is entirely dark lacking the contrasting patches seen in some members of the genus.
 Bountya insularis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Bountya.
 Gymnoscelis ectochloros is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Mediterranean black widow European black widow or steppe spider (binomial name Latrodectus tredecimguttatus) is a species of widow spiders in the genus Latrodectus. It is commonly found throughout the Mediterranean region ranging from Portugal to southwest and central Asia hence the name. Specimens from central Asia are also known by the binomial name Latrodectus lugubris; that name however is considered obsolete though it is still commonly found in the literature.
 The white-tailed antelope squirrel Ammospermophilus leucurus is a diurnal species of ground squirrel found in arid regions of the southwestern United States and the Baja California Peninsula of northwestern Mexico.
 The Bean-caper Hawkmoth (Hyles zygophylli) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in western and eastern Turkey Armenia eastern Transcaucasia Daghestan northern Syria northern Iran Turkmenistan Kazakhstan Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan and northern Afghanistan. It is also found from western northern and central Xinjiang Province east to Shaanxi Province and north to Mongolia. There is one record of a vagrant from Croatia.The wingspan is 60–75 mm.
 Ausinza is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Episauris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Caecilia armata is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Anabarilius longicaudatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus they are found in benthopelagic freshwater and are native to the Pearl River in China. They grow to a maximal size of around 20 centimetres (7.9 in).
 Enteucha is a genus of moths of the Nepticulidae family.
 Pseudoeurycea cephalica is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations rural gardens and urban areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sweta hallucinata is a species of leafhopper in the subfamily Typhlocybinae the only species so far identified in the genus Sweta. The genus name is derived from the Sanskrit word for white the type species being predominantly whitish.
 Syntomostola xanthosoma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912. It is found in Colombia.
 Scalptia scalarina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Common names: Wall's hump-nosed viper.Hypnale walli is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Sri Lanka. The smallest member of its genus it is distinguished by having a strongly upturned nose and lower scale counts. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Brown tree iguana Liolaemus fuscus is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is found in parts of western Argentina and central Chile in the Chilean matorral ecoregion. The conservation status of this iguana is classified as Data Deficient (DD).
 Prionodraco evansii is a species of Antarctic dragonfish native to an the Southern Ocean where it is found at depths of from 70 to 550 metres (230 to 1800 ft) on the Antarctic continental shelf as well as at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula and around the South Orkney Islands and the South Shetland Islands. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Delagoa Sandman or Delagoa Grizzled Skipper (Spialia delagoae) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in South West Africa Botswana Transvaal Swaziland Zululand Zimbabwe Mozambique and Kenya. The habitat consists of moist and dry savanna.The wingspan is 21–24 mm for males and 24–28 mm for females. There are two generations per year with peaks from February to March and from August to September.
 The crawfish frog (Lithobates areolatus) is a medium-sized species of frog native to the prairies and grasslands of the central United States. It gets its name because it inhabits the burrows of crayfish for most of the year.
 Aplysia depilans the depilatory sea hare is a species of sea hare or sea slug a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae. Its common name refers to the belief of fishermen that it caused hair loss. It was also erroneously said to have been the source of poison that was used to assassinate the Roman Emperor Titus.
 Ligialaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The African ribbontail catshark Eridacnis sinuans is a finback catshark of the family Proscylliidae found in the western Indian Ocean from Tanzania South Africa and Mozambique at depths of between 180 and 480 m. It reaches a length of 37 cm.The African ribbontail catshark is ovoviviparous giving birth to two young per litter.Coloration is grey-brown.
 Apodia bifractella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe as well as Turkey the Caucasus and North Africa.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Pulicaria dysenterica Inula conyzae and Aster tripolium. They feed within the seedheads of their host plant. Larvae can be found from October to April. They are shaped as Diptera larva and are translucent off-white with an off-white head.
 Tarphonomus is a genus of birds in the family Furnariidae. They are found in shrubby habitats in south-central South America. They were formerly included in the genus Upucerthia. It contains the following species: Bolivian Earthcreeper (Tarphonomus harterti). Chaco Earthcreeper (Tarphonomus certhioides).
 Agaronia acuminata common name the pointed ancilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Lucilia gemma belongs to the family Calliphoridae the species most commonly referred to as the blowflies and the genus Lucilia. Along with several other species of Lucilia L. gemma is commonly referred to as the green bottle fly. The species is only known to be native to France.
 Mordellistena suturella is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Helmuth in 1864.
 Bathydomus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hypsopygia castaneorufa is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1917. It is found in Cameroon.
 Nessariostoma granulosum is a lightly armored pseudopetalichthyid placoderm from the Hunsrückschiefer Lagerstatte of Early Devonian Germany. The type and only known specimen is an articulated but very incomplete individual deformed and elongated consisting of a large incomplete tubercle-covered head a long beak-like rostrum and some of the trunk with a total length of 18 centimeters. N.
 Pusionella aculeiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Lyria exorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Amazonian Inezia or Amazonian Tyrannulet (Inezia subflava) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Ira is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Burnupia is a genus of small freshwater snails or limpets aquatic gastropod mollusks that are traditionally placed in the family Planorbidae.However according to the molecular markers (COI 18S rRNA) the genus Burnupia differs from ancylids and from Planorboidea.
 Eremodynerus is a palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 The Red-backed Cutworm (Euxoa ochrogaster) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Iceland and northern Europe through the Baltic to the Amur region. In North America it is found from Alaska to Newfoundland and Labrador south into the northern part of the United States south in Rocky Mountains to Arizona and New Mexico.Adults are on wing from the end of July to beginning of September.The larvae feed on a variety of broad leaf plants and grasses including Plantago species.
 The Yellow-rumped Thornbill (Acanthiza chrysorrhoa) is a species of passerine bird from the genus Acanthiza. The genus was once placed in the family Pardalotidae but that family was split and it is now in the family Acanthizidae. There are four subspecies of Yellow-rumped Thornbill. It is a small brownish bird with a distinctive yellow rump and thin dark bill. It inhabits savannah scrub and forests across most of Australia and eats insects. The species engages in cooperative breeding.
 Recilia aulonias is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Congo.
 Epicnephasia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Pilodeudorix baginei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Charaxes hadrianus Hadrian’s White Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast south-western Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and western Uganda. The habitat consists of wet primary forests.The larvae feed on Ouratea reticulata and Ochna species.
 Pristiterebra petiveriana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Siphonaria cookiana is a species of small air-breathing sea snail or false limpet a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae the false limpets.
 Pereute callinira is a butterfly of the Pieridae family.
 The ʻIʻiwi (Vestiaria coccinea) pronounced ee-EE-vee is a hummingbird-niched species of Hawaiian honeycreeper and the only member of the genus Vestiaria. It is one of the most plentiful species of this family many of which are endangered or extinct. The ʻIʻiwi is a highly recognizable symbol of Hawaiʻi. The ʻIʻiwi is the third most common native land bird in the Hawaiian Islands.
 Tubuliporina is a bryozoan suborder in the order Cyclostomatida. The earliest possible crown-group fossil date to the upper Triassic.
 Eois funiculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-eastern Peru.
 Trichobathra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Peridroma neurogramma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 The Dusky Purpletuft (Iodopleura fusca) is a small South American species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in the cotinga family but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC. Most of its distribution is in lowland forests in the Guianas but it also occurs in far southeastern Venezuela and very locally in northeastern Brazil.
 Capys connexivus the African Protea Butterfly is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania Malawi Zambia Angola and Zimbabwe.Adults are on wing year round with a peak from August to November.The larvae feed on Protea gaguedi and Protea angolensis.
 Noumea verconiforma is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Tecticrater is a genus of very small deepwater limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lepetellidae.
 The Spotted Rail (Pardirallus maculatus) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Argentina Australia Belize Bolivia Brazil Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba the Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador French Guiana Guyana Haiti Jamaica Mexico Panama Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago the United States Uruguay Venezuela and possibly Honduras.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Chrysogaster cemiteriorum is a European species of hoverfly which can be found feeding on umbelliferous flowers in for example damp meadows.
 Copelatus luteomaculatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1956.
 Blastobasis subdivisus is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found on Madeira.
 The Napaea Fritillary or Mountain Fritillary (Boloria napaea) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. In Europe the species is found in the Alps mountainous areas in northern Scandinavia and very local in the eastern parts of the Pyrenees. In North America it is found in Alaska northwestern Canada and in small populations in the Canadian part of the Rocky Mountains Alberta and Wyoming. In Asia it is found in Siberia the Altai Mountains and the Amur Oblast.The wingspan is 35–48 mm.
 Arbanitis is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia.
 The Berry Cave salamander (Gyrinophilus gulolineatus) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is inland karsts. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Himerarctia laeta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Watson in 1975. It is found in Brazil.
 The Ebro Barbel (Luciobarbus graellsii) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is here placed in Luciobarbus following the IUCN but that genus is very closely related to the other typical barbels and perhaps better considered a mere subgenus of Barbus. The Andalusian Barbel was formerly included in L. bocagei as subspecies.In addition L. graellsii has – like its close relative the Albanian Barbel (L.
 Eolepidopterix is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae containing one species Eolepidopterix jurassica which is known from Russia. The fossil remains are dated to the Upper Jurassic-Lower Cretaceous.
 Lycaenopsis is a genus of lycaenid butterflies.
 Holcocera coccivorella the Scale-feeding Scavenger Moth is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including Florida and Maine.Larvae have been reared on coccid-scales found on an oak.
 Glipa fasciata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1928.
 Gnophaela aequinoctialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Texas Mexico Nicaragua and Venezuela.The wingspan is about 48 mm.
 Chichimeca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Miohippus (meaning small horse) was a genus of prehistoric horse existing longer than most Equidae. Miohippus lived in what is now North America during the Oligocene approximately 32-25 million years ago. While descending genera of this species lived during the Miocene period Miohippus was a horse of the Oligocene.
 Arunta is a genus of cicada in the thophini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily and is allied to the genus Thopha. Two species have been described Arunta perulata and A. interclusa. These are the only Australian cicada species that have adapted to living in mangroves.
 Pyrrhula is a small genus of passerine birds commonly called Bullfinches belonging to the finch family (Fringillidae).The genus has a palearctic distribution. All species occur in Asia with two species exclusively in the Himalayas and one species P. pyrrhula also occurring in Europe. The Azores Bullfinch (P. murina) is a critically endangered species (about 120 pairs remaining) occurring only in the east of the island of São Miguel in the Azores archipelago.
 Notiophilus rufipes is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic and the Near East.
 Odonthalitus regilla is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.The length of the forewings is 7.2 mm. The forewings are pale red-brown with a dark brown basal area. The hindwings are light grey brown.
 The bushshrikes are smallish passerine bird species. They were formerly classed with the true shrikes in the family Laniidae but are now considered sufficiently distinctive to be separated from that group as the family Malaconotidae.This is an African group of species which are found in scrub or open woodland. They are similar in habits to shrikes hunting insects and other small prey from a perch on a bush.
 The family Strashilidae is an extinct group of Jurassic flies from Siberia and China. They were originally believed to represent a distinct order called Nakridletia but recent research has determined that they were flies related to the extant family Nymphomyiidae and two of the species (and genera) in the group were determined to be synonyms.
 Neoduma caprimimoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.The forewings are rufous chocolate with sooty black zigzag lines and a black spot at the tornus. The hindwings are sooty mouse-grey.
 Indian Oil Sardine (Sardinella longiceps) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella.Sardinella longiceps is one of the two most important commercial fishes in India (with the mackerel). The Indian Oil Sardine is one of the more regionally limited species of Sardinella and can be found in the northern regions of the Indian Ocean.
 Ericeia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Manisilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Macropomoides is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the Cretaceous period.
 Buccinum mirandum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.There are two subspecies : Buccinum mirandum mirandum Smith 1875 Buccinum mirandum picturatum Dall 1887↑
 Falseuncaria kaszabi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Gansu Inner Mongolia Ningxia Qinghai Shaanxi) and Mongolia.
 Mystiko (foaled 1988) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from July 1990 to October 1992 he ran thirteen times and won four races all of them at Newmarket. After taking the European Free Handicap on his first appearance as a three-year-old he recorded his most important success when winning the 2000 Guineas seventeen days later. His subsequent form was disappointing although he did win the Challenge Stakes that autumn.
 Caloptilia baringi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Brunei India (Sikkim) Indonesia (Sulawesi) and Malaysia (Sabah).
 The Dusky Green Underwing (Albulina omphisa) is a species of blue butterfly found in Europe.
 Pharmacis anselminae is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Italy.
 Stenoptilia leuconephes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 The Florida softshell turtle (Apalone ferox) is a species of softshell turtle native to the Southeastern United States.
 Mecyna andalusica is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain and North Africa including Algeria and Morocco.The wingspan is about 27 mm.
 Symmetresia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cosmisoma militaris is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Giesbert & Chemsak in 1993.
 Miomantis mombasica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Lineidae is a family of nemertean worms. It contains the following genera:
 The Egyptian mouthbrooder (Pseudocrenilabrus multicolor) is a species of cichlid. This small mouthbrooder reaches about 8 centimetres (3.1 in) in length and is found in rivers lakes and other fresh water habitats in Eastern Africa from Egypt and as far south as Tanzania. The common name Egyptian mouthbrooder is often limited to its northern nominate subspecies in which case the southern P. m. victoriae is called the dwarf Victoria mouthbrooder.
 Deep Diver (foaled 1969) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. As a two-year-old in 1971 he won seven of his eleven races including the Brocklesby Stakes July Stakes Prix d'Arenberg Cornwallis Stakes and Prix du Petit Couvert. In the following year he took time to reproduce his best form but emerged as the best sprinter in Europe with decisive win in the Nunthorpe Stakes Prix de l'Abbaye.
 Acrapex metaphaea is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Zimbabwe and South Africa.The wingspan is about 26 mm.
 The Bananal Antbird (Cercomacra ferdinandi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to the wetlands of the central Araguaia river in Brazil and has one of the smallest ranges of any Amazon bird.Its natural habitat is the igapó flooded forest where it hunts for insects and invertebrates in the understory. It is most abundant in the Cantão wetlands which form the largest flooded forest of the southeastern Amazon.
 Alucita iberica is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Spain mainland Italy and on Sicily.
 Prioninae are a subfamily of Cerambycidae (long-horned beetles). They are typically large (25–70 mm) and usually brown or black. The males of a few genera sport large mandibles that are used in fights with other males similar to stag beetles. These beetles are commonly nocturnal and are attracted to light. The majority of Prioninae whose biology is known are borers whose larvae feed on rotting wood or roots.
 Enoplia is a subclass of nematodes in Class Enoplea.Enoplians are characterized by amphids shaped like ovals stirrups or pouches. Their bodies are smooth without rings or lines. the esophagus is cylindrical and glandular.As of 2012 the subclass is divided into two orders.
 Leucozona laternaria is a European species of hoverfly.
 Eurois is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Niasoma metallicana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Florida Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Mississippi New Jersey and Texas.The wingspan is 14-21 mm.
 Puntioplites is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in Southeast Asia. There are currently four described species in this genus.
 Phalonidia fariasana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tamaulipas). The wingspan is about 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white in distal and mediocostal parts suffused with grey in the basal fourth yellowish cream with brown marks and in the terminal third pale ferruginous. The hindwings are pale brownish grey with pale brown-grey strigulation.
 Conus richardbinghami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.The specific name richardbinghami is in honor of Richard Bingham.
 Nothomiza flavicosta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Chlidonoptera vexillum is a species of praying mantis in the genus Chlidonoptera in the order Mantodea.
 The Aspidoceratidae comprise a family of middle and upper Jurassic ammonites that make up part of the superfamily Perisphinctaceae characterized by evolute shells commonly stocky that tend to develop tubercles. The Aspidoceratidae are thought to be derived from the Perisphinctidae and have been subdivided into three subfamilies the Aspidoceratinae Peltoceratinae and Simoceratinae.
 Ice Water (foaled 1963 in Ontario) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by George Gardiner she was the daughter of Gardiner's unraced filly Seiches who was a daughter of the 1948 U.S. Triple Crown champion Count Fleet. Ice Water's sire was Nearctic who also sired the most influential sire of the 20th Century Northern Dancer.Trained by future Hall of Fame trainer Lou Cavalaris Jr. racing at tracks in Toronto at age two Ice Water won the important Natalma Stakes.
 Phytocoris dimidiatus is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Mirinae.
 Mordella pauper is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1875.
 The black-blotched porcupinefish (Diodon liturosus) also known as shortspine porcupinefish is a member of the family Diodontidae. It is found in the tropical and subtropical waters of the Indo-Pacific on coral and rocky reefs and in inshore waters. Other names are the blotched porcupinefish and the brown-backed porcupinefish.
 Pila occidentalis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the applesnails. This species is found in Angola Botswana Namibia and Zambia.
 The Versicolored Monarch or Ogea Monarch (Mayrornis versicolor) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is endemic to two islands Ogea Driki and Ogea Levu in the Lau Group of south eastern Fiji.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. The species is little known it feeds on insects and is thought to breed around July.
 The Chinese pangolin (Manis pentadactyla) is a pangolin found in northern India Nepal Bhutan possibly Bangladesh across Myanmar to northern Indochina through most of Taiwan and southern China including the islands of Hainan.The Chinese pangolin can dig up to 8 ft (2.5 m) deep in the ground with its strong and clawed fore feet in four to five minutes. Once it enters the burrow it blocks the opening. Some Chinese pangolins occupy burrows of other animals as well.
 Rhagonycha is a genus of soldier beetle belonging tho the family Cantharidae.
 Carabus insulicola is a species of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Japan. Some of the species can be of green or brown colour.
 Phyllobius glaucus is a species of weevil found across Europe especially in carrs. It is a pest of a variety of fruit trees but has little economic effect. It was first described by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in 1763.
 Miltochrista zebrina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bhutan and India (Culcutta).
 Common names: transdanubian sand viper.Vipera ammodytes montandoni is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Bulgaria and southern Romania.
 Volvarina isabelae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Asperdaphne sepulta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Gomora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Amphimallon assimile is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in France and Italy.
 The Rufous-breasted Hermit or Hairy Hermit (Glaucis hirsutus) is a hummingbird that breeds from Panama south to Bolivia and on Trinidad Tobago and Grenada. It is a widespread and generally common species though local populations may change in numbers and disappear altogether in marginal habitat
 Melanoxanthus senegalensis is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae. This species can be found in Senegal and Guinea-Bissau.
 Clark’s Widow (Dingana clarki) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 45-54 mm for males and 44-52 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February (with a peak from December to January later for the northern populations). There is one generation per yearThe larvae probably feed on various Poaceae species. Larvae have been reared on Pennisetum clandestinum.
 Dicranoncus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dicranoncus femoralis Chaudoir 1850 Dicranoncus philippinensis Jedlicka 1935 Dicranoncus pocillator Bates 1892 Dicranoncus queenslandicus (Sloane 1903)↑
 Chrysoscota flavostrigata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Eupithecia bivittata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in coastal central California.The wingspan is about 19–20 mm. The forewings are brownish with practically no trace of maculation except for a small black discal dot and two variably distinct whitish subterminal lines. The hindwings are light ochreous with smoky shading along the inner margin.
 The snowshoe hare (Lepus americanus) also called the varying hare or snowshoe rabbit is a species of hare found in North America. It has the name snowshoe because of the large size of its hind feet and the marks its tail leaves. The animal's feet prevent it from sinking into the snow when it hops and walks. Its feet also have fur on the soles to protect it from freezing temperatures.For camouflage its fur turns white during the winter and rusty brown during the summer.
 Cameraria hikosanensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Kyusyu).The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Viburnum erosum and Viburnum sieboldi. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Gonimbrasia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Formosa (1865–1881) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse that was the first winner of the English Fillies Triple Crown in addition to running a dead heat with the colt Moslem for the 2000 Guineas Stakes. Formosa was bred by James Cookson and was foaled in 1865 at his Neasham Hall stud farm. Formosa was sold to William Graham (who raced under the pseudonym G. Jones) in 1866 and raced her entire three-year racing career under his ownership.
 The genus Dendragapus contains two closely related species of grouse that have often been treated as a single variable taxon (Blue Grouse). The two species are the Dusky Grouse (Dendragapus obscurus) and the Sooty Grouse (Dendragapus fuliginosus). In addition the Spruce Grouse and Siberian Grouse have been considered part of this genus.
 Son of Love (foaled 24 April 1976) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1979. After winning two races (including the Prix Isonomy) as a two-year-old the horse lost his next eleven races before winning the St Leger as a 20/1 outsider. The rest of his career was undistinguished as he failed to win in seventeen subsequent races.
 Colostethus baeobatrachus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is found in Brazil French Guiana Suriname and possibly Guyana.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Apis mellifera iberiensis or the Spanish bee also known as A. mellifera iberica (Spanish: mellifera iberica) is a Western honey bee subspecies native to the Iberian Peninsula. Also found in the Balearic Islands.
 Atractaspis battersbyi or Battersby's burrowing asp is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
 Lepidochrysops heathi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zambia.Adults feed from flowers including Ocimum species. They have been recorded in October.
 Graphoceratidae is an extinct family of ammonites in the order Ammonitida which lived during the Jurassic.
 Cephetola subcoerulea Roche’s Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gambia Senegal (Basse Casamance) Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana eastern Nigeria Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea (Bioko). The habitat consists of forests.
 Lioptilodes is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Eurema irena is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is endemic to Sulawesi.
 Gardiner's Burrowing Skink (Pamelaescincus gardineri) is the only species (monotypic) of the skink genus Pamelaescincus.It is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae which seems to be paraphyletic. Probably quite close to Janetaescincus it belongs to a major clade that does not seem to include the type genus Scincus. Thus it will probably be eventually assigned to a new yet-to-be-named subfamily.Pamelaescincus gardineri is found only in the Seychelles.
 Parornix dubitella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Pennsylvania and Maine).
 Laothus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Callichroma minima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Podany in 1965. It is known from Nicaragua.
 Laciniodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Elachorbis diaphana is a minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tornidae. This species is only known to occur in the area of the Foveaux Strait New Zealand.
 Coccophagus is a large genus of chalcid wasps belonging to the family Aphelinidae.
 Palaemonetes is a genus of caridean shrimp comprising a geographically diverse group of fresh and brackish-water crustaceans. Conventionally Palaemonetes includes the following species:Molecular data suggest however that Palaemonetes is not phylogenetically distinct from the genus Palaemon. Phylogenetically species of Palaemonetes as well as those in the genera Exopalaemon and Couteriella are nested within Palaemon.
 Common names: rhinoceros viper river jack moreBitis nasicornis is a venomous viper species found in the forests of West and Central Africa. A big viper it is known for its striking color pattern and prominent horns on its nose. No subspecies are recognized.
 Lamoria jordanis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Spain Israel and the Palestinian Territories.The wingspan is about 33 mm.
 Deroplatys angustata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Deroplatys in the order Mantodea.
 Peristygis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Telipna rothi Roth’s Telipna is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria.The larvae feed on lichens.
 Eastmanosteus (Eastman's bone) is a fossil genus of dunkleosteid placoderms. It was closely related to the giant Dunkleosteus but differed from that genus in size in possessing a distinctive tuberculated bone ornament a differently shaped nuchal plate and a more zig-zagging course of the sutures of the skull roof.Species of Eastmanosteus had powerful jaws with sharp cutting edges and were likely active predators.
 Gadirtha impingens is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found from northern India and southern China to Queensland the Bismarck Archipelago and the Solomon Islands as well in Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu Tsushima). The habitat consists of lowland areas up to 2600 meters but it is most frequent at altitudes ranging from 1000 to 2000 meters.The larvae feed on Sapium and Stillingia species.
 Pseudophichthys splendens or the Purple-mouthed conger is a species of eel in the family Congridae. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in the Atlantic Ocean at depths of 123–1647 meters.
 Aaptos rosacea is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1994.
 Rudenia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Candalides ardosiacea is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Tite in 1963. It is found on the Aru Islands and from West Irian to Papua New Guinea.
 Alcathousites superstes is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Erichson in 1847 and is known from Peru and Ecuador.
 Sphodromantis annobonensis is a species of praying mantis found in Guinea and on the Equatorial Guinea island of Annobón Province.
 The agile mangabey (Cercocebus agilis) is an Old World monkey of the white-eyelid mangabey group found in swampy forests of Central Africa in Equatorial Guinea Cameroon Gabon Central African Republic Republic of Congo and DR Congo. Until 1978 it was considered a subspecies of the Tana River mangabey (C. galeritus). More recently the golden-bellied mangabey (C. chrysogaster) has been considered a separate species instead of a subspecies of the agile mangabey.
 Callionymus pleurostictus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean where it is found from the Ryukyus south to Australia. This species occurs at depths of from 1 to 20 metres (3.3 to 65.6 ft). This species grows to a length of 2.3 centimetres (0.91 in) SL.
 Normannites is a strongly ribbed evolute lower middle Jurassic ammonite included in the stephanoceratoid family Stephanoceratidae.Normanites was previously included in the Otoitidae by Arkell et al 1957. More recent classifications show it to belong to the family Stephanoceratidae along with genera like Stephanoceras and Stemmatoceras.
 In the insect world Sphaeropsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha. Members of this family have reduced coriaceous wings. The family comprises 22 known species (four of them fossils) in eight genera.
 Teratolepis is a genus of geckos endemic to India commonly known as Viper Geckos.
 Callipara queketti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Mitromica cosmani is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Idopterum novaepommeraniae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1922. It is found on the Bismarck Archipelago.
 Germaria is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Endoclita chalybeatus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from India. Food plants for this species include Gmelina Tectona and Theobroma.
 Prosipho similis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Euchrysops abyssinica is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 Adulis or Aduli is an archeological site in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea situated about 30 miles south of Massawa in the Gulf of Zula. It was the port of the Kingdom of Aksum located on the coast of the Red Sea. Adulis Bay is named after the site. It is thought that the modern town of Zula may be the Adulis of the Aksumite epoch as Zula may reflect the local name for the Greek Adulis.
 Onychagrotis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Agrotis.
 Litoria humboldtorum is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Cymbachus elegans is a beetle species in the genus Cymbachus.It is found in Laos Southeast Asia.
 The Scallop Shell (Rheumaptera undulata or Hydria undulata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone and North America.The wingspan is 25–30 mm.
 Arielulus is a genus of Vesper bats. It contains the following species sometimes in Pipistrellus:Genus ArielulusCollared Pipistrelle (Arielulus aureocollaris)Black-Gilded Pipistrelle (Arielulus circumdatus)Coppery Pipistrelle (Arielulus cuprosus)Social Pipistrelle (Arielulus societatis)Necklace Pipistrelle (Arielulus torquatus)
 Stenogobius polyzona the Chinestripe goby is a species of goby native to streams and rivers on Madagascar and Réunion. Males of this species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL while females can reach 6.6 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Holoterpna is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Micromastra isoldalis is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Micromastra. It was described by Schaus in 1940 and is known from Puerto Rico U.S.A.
 Proteuxoa metableta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Tasmania.
 Paidia atargatis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lewandowski and Tober in 2009. It is found in Jordan.
 Abelater Schimmel is a genus of beetles.
 Plectroctena mandibularis is a large species of ant that ranges from the Eastern Cape South Africa through East Africa to Ethiopia. Their workers forage singly in open terrain and their colony size seldom exceeds 50 individuals. It is one of the large Plectroctena species including P. conjugata and P. minor that specialize on adult millipedes as prey.
 Xeromys myoides the False Water-rat is a species of rodent native to waterways of Australia and Papua New Guinea. It is a marine murine being.
 Pomacea is a genus of freshwater snails with gills and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae. As Pomacea (or sometimes incorrectly Ampullarius) it is commonly sold in the aquarium trade as [color] mystery snail in the United States.
 Amathinidae is a taxonomic family mostly consisting of small and minute sea snails marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the superfamily Pyramidelloidea.Together with Pyramidellidae Ebalidae Turbonillidae Odostomidae and other genera they form the superfamily Pyramidelloidea. Little is known on the biology of the group but some data on the anatomy and systematic position is given by Ponder (1987) and Huber (1993).
 Alvania debruynei is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Xylocopa iris is a species of carpenter bee.
 Rahy (February 18 1985 – September 22 2011) was an Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in England and the United States. Bred by Hill 'n' Dale Farms in Lexington he was a son of the very important sire Blushing Groom and out of the Eclipse Award winner and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame mare Glorious Song.Rahy was purchased as a yearling for US$2 million by Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum and brought to race in England for the 1987 season.
 Sciurini is a tribe that includes about forty species of squirrels mostly from the Americas. It includes five living genera—the American dwarf squirrels Microsciurus; the Bornean Rheithrosciurus; the widespread American and Eurasian tree squirrels of the genus Sciurus which includes some of the best known squirrel species; the Central American Syntheosciurus; and the American red squirrels Tamiasciurus. Like other arboreal squirrels they are sometimes referred to as tree squirrels.
 Fabiola is a genus of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Among these it belongs to subfamily Oecophorinae.
 Turbonilla morenoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Elassocanthon is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The narrowbar swellshark (Cephaloscyllium zebrum) is a rare species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae known only from two specimens collected near Flinders Reef off northeastern Australia. This species reaches at least 44.5 cm (17.5 in) long and has a stocky body with a short broad head. It can be readily identified by its zebra-like dorsal color pattern of tranverse brown bars on a yellowish background. Like other swellsharks it can inflate its body as a defensive measure.
 Eurata minerva is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1901. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Coleophora macedonica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Italy Croatia and the Republic of Macedonia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Hyssopus officinalis and possibly Thymus species.
 Bombus alpinus is a species of bumblebee that can be found in Austria France Germany Romania and Switzerland.
 Rhagoletis emiliae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Hollywood Wildcat (1990 - June 23 2012) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by and raced by Irving & Marjorie Cowan her sire was Kris S. an outstanding sire of five Breeders' Cup winners. Her dam Miss Wildcatter was a daughter of Mr. Prospector a nine-time Leading broodmare sire in North America.Trained by Emmanuel Tortora at age two Hollywood Wildcat won her first four starts until an injury in September ended her 1992 racing campaign.
 Aenictus ceylonicus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Southern India Sri Lanka Southeast Asia and Australia. They are completely blind and around 3 mm in length. These ants are seen foraging underneath leaf litter in forests and well-vegetated areas travelling in a trail of in three or more columns alongside each other in parts of India. Their antennae as in most species of Aenictus have ten segments. The scape is long and extends above the head.
 The Streak-capped Treehunter (Thripadectes virgaticeps) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Aphanius is a genus of pupfishes. Unlike other members of the family which are from the Americas Aphanius are native to northern Africa southwestern Asia (as far east as India) and southern Europe. Several species in the genus have very small distributions and are seriously threatened.
 Tortyra cantharodes is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Acrapex leptepilepta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Lesotho.
 Doleserpeton is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Amphibamidae. The genus is noted for the presence of bicuspid pedicelate teeth a trait linking them to modern amphibians as well as generally frog-like skull.
 Plagiogeneion is a genus of rovers native to the southeastern Atlantic Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Scopula flaccata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Palestinian Territories Israel North Africa and has recently been recorded from southern Europe (including Spain and Malta).
 Parepisparis virgatus is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Calyce horioni is a species of beetle in the Calyce genus. It was discovered in 1942.
 Acromycter longipectoralis is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 2004. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from New Caledonia in the western Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 580 metres. Females can reach a total length of 21.7 centimetres.The species epithet refers to the characteristic long pectoral fins of the species.
 Goniographa gyulaipeteri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widely distributed in the western Tien-Shan Mountains in the Hissar and Alai Mountains in the western Pamirs (Shugnan range) and also in north-eastern Afghanistan (Badakhshan).
 Alzoniella is a genus of minute freshwater spring snails aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.All the species within the snail genus Alzoniella are crenobiotic i.e. they are dependent on springs as a habitat.
 Metacyclops is a genus of copepod crustaceans in the family Cyclopidae containing 73 species of which three are listed on the IUCN Red List – M. campestris from Brazil (conservation dependent) M. gasparoi from Italy (vulnerable) and M. postojnae from Slovenia (vulnerable).
 Euliphyra hewitsoni the Western Moth Butterfly is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana southern Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.Adults have a moth-like flight.The larvae live in the nests of ants of the Oecophylla genus and feed on ant regurgitations and/or ant brood.The name honours William Chapman Hewitson.
 The golden hamster or Syrian hamster Mesocricetus auratus is a member of the rodent subfamily Cricetinae the hamsters. In the wild they are now considered vulnerable. Their numbers have been declining due to loss of habitat caused by agriculture and deliberate destruction by humans. However captive breeding programs are well established and captive-bred golden hamsters are popularly kept as pets and used as scientific research animals.
 Genicanthus bellus is an angelfish that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. Its common names are the bellus angelfish and ornate angelfish.
 Scopula clandestina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Turbonilla lozoueti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Phobaeticus is a genus of stick insects comprising over 25 species. It includes Phobaeticus chani the longest known insect.The generic name of some species was formerly Pharnacia (e.g. Phobaeticus serratipes was formerly known as Pharnacia serratipes).
 Dendrogale is a genus of treeshrew in the Tupaiidae family. It contains the following species: Bornean Smooth-tailed Tree Shrew (Dendrogale melanura) Northern Smooth-tailed Tree Shrew (Dendrogale murina)
 Arthroleptis vercammeni is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Anthrenocerus Nebulosus is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Scoparia petrina is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1885. It is found in New Zealand.
 The speckled ground squirrel or spotted souslik (Spermophilus suslicus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae. Spermophilus suslicus consists of three subspecies: S. s. boristhenicus S. s. guttatus and S. s. suslicus. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Thermodiaptomus is a genus of copepods in the family Diaptomidae containing the following species:Thermodiaptomus congruens (G. O. Sars 1927)Thermodiaptomus galebi (Barrois 1891)Thermodiaptomus galeboides (G. O. Sars 1909)Thermodiaptomus mixtus (G. O. Sars 1909)Thermodiaptomus syngenes (Kiefer 1929)Thermodiaptomus yabensis (S. Wright & Tressler 1928)T. galeboides is restricted to Lake Victoria and is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List.
 Xenungulata (strange ungulates) is an order of extinct and primitive South American hoofed mammals known from deposits in Brazil Argentina and Colombia. The best known member of this enigmatic order is the genus Carodnia a tapir-like and -sized animal with a gait similar to living African elephants.Xenungulates are characterized by bilophodont M1–2 and M1–2 similar to pyrotheres and complex lophate third molars similar to uintatheres.
 The Cardinal Myzomela (Myzomela cardinalis) is a species of bird in the Honeyeater family. It is named for the scarlet color of the male. It is found in American Samoa New Caledonia Samoa Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. It frequents areas with flowers such as gardens. This is a small active bird measuring about 13 cm (5.1 in) from bill to tail.
 Stigmella sesplicata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Japan (Kyushu).The larvae feed on Rhododendron species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Turbonilla phanea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Archinemapogon yildizae is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Koçak in 1981. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland the Benelux the Iberian Peninsula and most of the Balkan Peninsula. The habitat consists of birch woodlands.The wingspan is 14–21 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on bracket fungi (Fomes or Piptorus species) growing on Betula.
 Stigmella rubeta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in tropical montane forest of the western slopes of the Andes in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 4.5 mm. Adults have been found from February to early March.The larvae feed on Rubus species. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is usually located between two leaf veins. It starts as a long and very narrow gallery with blackish or black frass deposited in a broken slender central line.
 Callopistria deflexusa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Melisa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Temnolopha matura is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand Taiwan and Borneo.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are leaden grey becoming pale grey towards the tornus. The hindwings are dark fuscous-purple.
 The insular birddrop or San Clemente Island blunt-top snail scientific name Sterkia clementina is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae. (Incorrectly placed within Chondrinidae in the 2006 IUCN Red List.)This species is endemic to the State of California U.S.A. The survival of this species is near threatened.
 Amphilochus neapolitanus is a species of amphipod crustacean up to 4 millimetres (0.16 in) long. It lives at depths of up to 80 metres (260 ft) throughout the Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea and in parts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean from the North Sea to North Africa. It is usually found on rocks among algae where it feeds by grazing.
 Onoba exarata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Malabar gliding frog or Malabar flying frog (Rhacophorus malabaricus) is a moss frog species found in the Western Ghats of India.
 Harpadon is a genus of bony fishes in the Synodontidae family.The most famous member of this genus is the Bombay duck much appreciated in Indian cuisine especially in the area around Mumbai.
 Turritella bicingulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Eusthenia is a genus of insect in the family Eustheniidae containing a number of species of stonefly native to Tasmania. It contains the following species: Eusthenia costalis Eusthenia lacustris Eusthenia nothofagi (Otway stonefly) Eusthenia reticulata Eusthenia spectabilis Eusthenia venosa↑ ↑
 The Elegant or Blue-hooded Euphonia (Euphonia elegantissima) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family. It is found in Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The barred moray Echidna polyzona is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found in the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths down to 10 m. Its length is up to 70 cm.
 Mordellistena latipalposa is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Ermisch.
 Orthomecyna albicaudata is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Lanai.
 The Long-winged Antwren (Myrmotherula longipennis) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Platynota offuscata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.The wingspan is 15.5-19 mm. The forewings are almost entirely suffused with brown and dark brownish fuscous the latter colour although partially mottled with paler shades occupying the whole space above the basal half of the fold from which it runs in an oblique line to the costa forming a large elongate triangular patch.
 Alburnus qalilus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family that is endemic to Nahr al Hawaiz river of Syria which the species consider to be their natural habitat. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ectoedemia alexandria is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Cape Province).The larvae feed on Scutia myrtina.
 Onitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Glossanodon is a genus of herring smelts.
 Euphausia pacifica the North Pacific krill is a euphausid that lives in the northern Pacific Ocean.In Japan E. pacifica is called isada krill or tsunonashi okiami (ツノナシオキアミ). It is found from Suruga Bay northwards including all of the Sea of Japan and the south-western part of the Sea of Okhotsk. E. pacifica is fished from Cape Inubo north. The annual catch of krill in Japanese seas is limited to 70000 metric tonnes by government regulations. E.
 Conopsia bicolor is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Benin.
 Metacrateria perirrorella is a species of snout moths. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in South Africa.
 The small-eyed whiting Sillago microps is a poorly known species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The species is known from only two specimens; the holotype collected by Roland McKay in 1985 from a Taipei market both specimens of which were taken from the waters of Taiwan. Apart from a relatively small eye size the species is hard to distinguish from other common species of sillaginid taken in the area and may be a minor part of local fisheries.
 Monomorium hospitum is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to Singapore. The most famous species in the Monomorium genus is the highly invasive Pharaoh Ant Monomorium Pharaonis.
 Perbrinckia is a genus of freshwater crabs endemic to Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and rivers.
 Flabellina japonica is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine Heterobranchia mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Bactromantis is a genus of praying mantis in the family Thespidae.
 The Gilded Flicker (Colaptes chrysoides) is a large-sized woodpecker (mean length of 29 cm (11 in)) of the Sonoran Yuma and eastern Colorado Desert regions of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico including all of the Baja Peninsula except the extreme northwestern region. Golden yellow underwings distinguish the Gilded Flicker from the Northern Flicker found within the same region which have red underwings.
 Favartia (Murexiella) macgintyi common name : McGinty's Murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Callambulyx rubricosa is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Nepal north-eastern India south-western China Thailand Vietnam and Java.The wingspan is about 132 mm. It is very similar to Callambulyx amanda but the hindwing upperside lacks a prominent black marking near the tornus.
 Scolecenchelys is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae.
 Anisopodus lignicola is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Bates in 1863.
 Margaretamys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Beccari's Margareta Rat (Margaretamys beccarii) Christine's Margareta Rat (Margaretamys christinae) Elegant Margareta Rat (Margaretamys elegans) Little Margareta Rat (Margaretamys parvus)↑ ↑
 Simpsonibelus is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Calliotectum smithi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Caristius is a genus of manefishes native to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
 Danielithosia milina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Tibet).
 Peristernia castanoleuca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Blepharita leucocyma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 Cerithiella insignis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Jeffreys in 1885.
 The desert tortoises (Gopherus agassizii and Gopherus morafkai) are species of tortoise native to the Mojave desert and Sonoran desert of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico and the Sinaloan thornscrub of northwestern Mexico. Gopherus agassizii is distributed in western Arizona southeastern California southern Nevada and southwestern Utah. The species name agassizii is in honor of Swiss-American zoologist Jean Louis Rodolphe Agassiz.
 The glowlight danio (Danio choprai) is a small schooling fish closely related to the popular zebrafish Danio rerio. This should not be confused with the GloFish [1] a trademarked brand of fluorescent zebrafish that appear to glow in the dark under ultraviolet light. Danio choprai is an active danionin species that spends most of its time on mid-water levels. This species feeds on insects that have fallen into the water aquatic insect larvae and other small animals.
 Raphitoma histrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Petrotilapia nigra is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers areas with rocky substrates. It grazes on diatoms that it finds on the algae growing on the rocks. This species can reach a length 12.2 centimetres (4.8 in) SL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Myomyscus is a genus of rodent. Species in this genus are often placed in the genus Myomys Thomas 1915 but the type specimen for Myomys is actually a Mastomys. Other species that had been previously assigned to Myomys are now considered to belong to the genera Praomys and Stenocephalemys.
 Mythimna speciosa is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.The length of the forewings is about 16.4 mm. The forewings are brownish yellow. The hindwings are fuscous on the outer half and the basal area is slightly whitish.
 Hylebatis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Aphelia is a genus of insects the tribe Archipini.
 Tetragonoderus laevigatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1876.
 Ulopa reticulata is the species of bugs from Cicadellidae family.
 Fasslatonius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.A prominent researcher of the species is Kia Jack Omidvar.
 Shaftesbury Avenue (foaled 1986) was a versatile Australian racehorse who won Group One races from 1000 to 2000 metres and was placed in the Japan Cup over 2400 metres. He was a regular rival of Super Impose and the head-to-head scoreline read four apiece in their eight clashes: Super Impose won the big handicaps while Shaftesbury Avenue normally prevailed at weight-for-age.
 Urocampus is a genus of pipefishes native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Alvania geryonia is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Peruvian Recurvebill (Syndactyla ucayalae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cricket Warbler or Cricket Longtail (Spiloptila clamans) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It belongs to the genus Spiloptila; it is often the only species included in the genus but sometimes the Red-fronted Warbler is placed there as well.It is found in Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad Eritrea Ethiopia Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Senegal and Sudan.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Doratulina is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Deltocephalinae tribe Stenometopiini.
 Mniotype was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Crenavolva traillii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Longianda is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Asemum striatum the black spruce borer is a beetle species belonging to the family Cerambycidae subfamily Spondylidinae.This beetle is present in most of Europe in East Palearctic ecozone in the Near East in Nearctic ecozone and in Oriental ecozone.The adults grow up to 8–23 millimetres (0.31–0.91 in) and can be encountered from May through August completing their life cycle in two to three years.
 Lichtenstein's jerboa (Eremodipus lichtensteini) is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae. It is monotypic within the genus Eremodipus.[citation needed]It is found in Kazakhstan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Phoenicolacerta cyanisparsa is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family. It is found in Syria and Turkey. It is an egg-laying species.The wild population trend of Phoenicolacerta cyanisparsa is stable; its population is neither increasing or decreasing significantly.
 Odostomia contrerasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Microlaemus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Microlaemus brightensis Blackburn Microlaemus ferrugineus Lefkovitch Microlaemus interceptus Grouvelle Microlaemus mirificus Grouvelle Microlaemus palpalis Waterhouse Microlaemus piceicollis Lea Microlaemus picipennis Grouvelle Microlaemus slades Lefkovitch Microlaemus strigiceps Lea Microlaemus sulcifrons Grouvelle Microlaemus sylvestris Grouvelle Microlaemus turneri Lefkovitch↑
 Reicheiodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Reicheiodes alpicola (Ganglbauer 1891) Reicheiodes convexipennis (Balkenohl 1994) Reicheiodes dewaillyi (Kult 1949) Reicheiodes ellipsoideus Balkenohl 1995 Reicheiodes fontanae (Bari 1950) Reicheiodes franzi Dostal 1993 Reicheiodes igai (Nakane & Ueno 1953) Reicheiodes jaegeri Balkenohl & J.Schmidt 1997 Reicheiodes kodoriensis Fedorenko 1996 Reicheiodes kulzeri Bulirsch & Fedorenko 2007 Reicheiodes lederi (Reitter 1888) Reicheiodes loebli (Balkenohl 1994) Reicheiodes microphthalmus (Heyden 1870) Reicheiodes rotundipennis (Chaudoir 1843) Reicheiodes schatzmayri (Bari 1950) Reicheiodes yanoi (Kult 1949) Reicheiodes zvarici (Bulirsch 1990)↑
 The Sangihe Shrikethrush (Colluricincla sanghirensis) is a species of bird in the Colluricinclidae family. It is endemic to Sangihe Island in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phonognatha is a genus of spider.
 Hesperocharis is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae. They are native to the Americas.
 The Orange-bellied Frog (Geocrinia vitellina) is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae. It is endemic to a 20 ha area near Margaret River in Southwest Australia. It is vulnerable to extinction by fire and the destruction of hanitat caused by feral pigs.
 The candle hap (Stigmatochromis pholidophorus) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it can be found hunting for prey over sandy areas. It can reach a length of 10.8 centimetres (4.3 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Schinia oculata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona and California.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The larvae feed on Baccharis sarothroides.
 Acanthocinus princeps known commonly as the ponderosa pine bark borer is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Walker in 1866.
 Goniophysetis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Lonchothrix emiliae is a spiny rat species from South America. It is known from Brazil south of the Amazon River where it has been found in grassland and gallery forest. Also known as the Tuft-tailed Spiny Tree Rat it is the only species in the genus Lonchothrix.Very little is known about this animal. It is small with an average adult weight of about 138 grams. It is nocturnal and solitary in habits.
 Metallostichodes nigrocyanella is a species of snout moth. It is found in France Spain Portugal Italy Croatia Greece and on Cyprus as well as in Turkey.The wingspan is about 13 mm.
 The Grey Laughingthrush (Garrulax maesi) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in China Laos and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Xerocrassa mesostena is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Iresia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Iresia aureorufa W.
 Heterodera elachista (Japanese cyst nematode Rice cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode which is cited as an invasive species.
 Nodozana boliviana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Udea nigrescens is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Maui.The larvae feed on Abutilon species Sida cordifolia and Sida rhombifolia.
 The yellow-fin perchlet (Ambassis elongatus) is a species of fish in the Ambassidae family. It is endemic to Australia.
 The Oriental beetle (Anomala orientalis not to be confused with the Japanese beetle) is a beetle about 0.7 - 1.1 cm (0.3 - 0.4 inches) long with mottled metallic brown- and black-colored elytra and a similarly-colored thorax and head during the adult stage. During the larval stage the oriental beetle can be identified by the parallel line raster pattern. It is native to Asia and was introduced to North America and has since spread to and become a pest in several mid-Atlantic states.
 Omorgus alternans is a beetle of the Family Trogidae. It occurs in Australia.
 Chionarctia nivea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Ménétriés in 1859. It is found in Russia (Middle Amur Primorye southern Sakhalin Kunashir) China Korea and Japan.
 Iolaus frater the Brotherly Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania. The habitat consists of upland forests just below the submontane level.The larvae feed on Tapinanthus erectotruncatus and Tapinanthus dependens.
 Bufo lughensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan and possibly Uganda.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland intermittent freshwater marshes and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudozonaria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Mordellistena angustatissima is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1967 by Franciscolo.
 Gnaphosa basilicata is a ground spider species found in Italy.
 Conus timorensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Uloborus pseudacanthus is a spider species found in Portugal.
 The cleftbelly trevally Atropus atropos (also known as the cleftbelly kingfish Kuweh trevally and thin crevalle) is a species of tropical marine fish of the jack family Carangidae. The species inhabits coastal waters throughout the Indo-West Pacific region from South Africa in the west to Japan in the east often found near the water's surface.
 Platyptilia pauliani is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Madagascar.The larvae feed on Calendula species and Emilia citrina.
 Kylix hecuba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Neritilia cavernicola is a species of submarine cave snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritiliidae.
 Algeripithecus is an extinct genus of early fossil primate weighing approximately 65 to 85 grams (2.3 to 3.0 oz). Fossils have been found in Algeria dating from 50 to 46 million years ago.It was once commonly thought to be one of the oldest simian primates (a group that includes monkeys and apes) and was crucial to the hypothesis that simians originated in Africa.
 Tschitscherinellus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tschitscherinellus cordatus (Dejean 1825) Tschitscherinellus oxygonus (Chaudoir 1850)↑
 Leptothyra gestroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 The Tui (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae) is an endemic passerine bird of New Zealand. It is one of the largest members of the diverse honeyeater family. The name tui is from the Maori language name tūī and is the species' formal common name. The plural is tui in modern English or ngā tūī in Māori usage. Some speakers still use the '-s' suffix to produce the Anglicised form tuis to indicate plurality; however this practice is becoming less common.
 Barathrodemus is a genus of cusk-eels found in deep waters.
 Platypodia alcocki is a species of crab.
 Phalonidia kathetospina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Anthela neurospasta is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Aglossa tenebrosalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Rothschild in 1915 and is known from Algeria.
 Melanochromis melanopterus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found over rocky substrates. This species can reach a length of 11.4 centimetres (4.5 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Amblyeleotris is a genus of colourful gobies found throughout the Indo-Pacific region. This is the largest genus of the shrimp gobies or prawn gobies so-called because of their symbiotic relationship with certain alpheid shrimps. The shrimp excavates and maintains a burrow used by both animals while the goby which has far superior eyesight acts as a lookout for predators.
 Catalectis is a small genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. It is a small and little-studied group whose precise relationships remain to be discovered. C. pharetropa was once mistaken for a species of Clepticodes and Oenoe drosoptila of the Meessiinae was also proposed as a species of Catalectis; ít may be that these are all in fact closely related.Only three species are presently contained in this genus: Catalectis flexa Bradley 1957 Catalectis pharetropa Meyrick 1920 (= C.
 Mnesiloba dentifascia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from the Oriental tropics.
 Limniphacos is a genus of trilobites a well known group of marine arthropods. The genus so far contains one species L. perspicullum.
 Asklepioceras is a genus in the Ceratitid family Arpaditidae from the Middle and Upper Triassic (Ladinian and Carnian stages) of Europe Asia and British Columbia. Asklepioceras named by Renz 1910 is characterized by evolute to involute discoidal to subglobular shells with a median (ventral) furrow not borndered by keels (in contrast to Dittmarites in which it is) and simple ceratitic sutures. (Arkell et al.
 Sigmatineurum is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 The Springer's sawtail catshark (Galeus springeri) is a little-known species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found in water 457–699 m (1499–2293 ft) deep off the islands of the Antilles from Cuba to the Leewards. A small slim-bodied species reaching a length of 48 cm (19 in) the Springer's sawtail catshark can be identified by its color pattern of horizontal dark stripes in front of the first dorsal fin and dark dorsal saddles behind.
 Amphiperca is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Common names: Turan blunt-nosed viper.Macrovipera lebetina turanica is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Asia.
 Ohioceras is an extinct suborthochonic nautiloid from the Silurian of Ohio belonging to the orthoceroid family Kionoceratidae.Ohioceras is characterized by a slightly curved longiconic shell with a circular to slightly depressed cross section. The surface is lined with broad low longitudinal ribs separated by distinct shallow grooves. The siphuncle is subcentral apparently orthochoanitic.
 Hyalesthes obsoletus is a bug species in the genus Hyalesthes.H. obsoletus is the vector of the Black wood disease of grapevine.
 The African Pygmy Kingfisher (Ispidina picta) is a small insectivorous kingfisher found in the Afrotropics mostly in woodland habitats. Some texts refer to this species as Ceyx pictus.
 Penthimia is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Penthimiinae.
 The Ringed Kingfisher (Megaceryle torquata) is a large conspicuous and noisy kingfisher commonly found along the lower Rio Grande valley in southeasternmost Texas in the United States through Central America to Tierra del Fuego in South America.The breeding habitat is areas near large bodies of water usually in heavily wooded areas where it finds a perch to hunt from.
 The Moluccan Cuckooshrike (Coracina atriceps) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Chrysoscota brunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo and Sumatra. The habitat consists of lowland dipterocarp forests heath forests and lower montane forests.
 Barbus issenensis is a doubtfully distinct ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.It is found only in Morocco. Its natural habitat is freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.The taxonomy and systematics of the Maghreb barbs are subject to considerable dispute. Some authors consider B. issensis a distinct species while others include it in the Algerian Barb (B. callensis).
 Hellinsia chuncheonensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Korea.The wingspan is 15–16 mm.
 Crenigomphus abyssinicus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Ethiopia. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The western swamp turtle (Pseudemydura umbrina) also known as the western swamp tortoise is a short-necked freshwater turtle that is the sister taxon to all other members of the subfamily Chelodininae.
 Daphnella arcta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Criodion tomentosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Shartegosuchus is a genus of protosuchian-grade crocodylomorph. It is known primarily from PIN 4174/2 the partial deformed skull and jaws of a juvenile. This specimen was discovered in ancient lake deposits of the Tithonian-age Upper Jurassic Tsagaantsav Formation southwestern Mongolia. The estimated length of the holotype skull is 40 millimetres (1.6 in). This genus was similar to Nominosuchus and both are assigned to the same family (Shartegosuchidae).
 The Asiatic softshell turtle (Amyda cartilaginea) or black rayed softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family.
 Dioryctria martini is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Mutuura and Neunzig in 1986. It is found in Mexico (Durango State and Toluca).The length of the forewing is 14.5-17 mm. The forewing ground colour is fuscous while the hindwings are smoky grey but darker at the outer margin.The larvae feed on Pinus oocarpa.
 Citioica anthonilis is a species of moths from a Saturniidae family that can be found from Central America to Brazil.Adult males are gray.
 Wealdenbatrachus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The family Pythidae is a small group of beetles with no vernacular common name though recent authors have coined the name dead log bark beetles.The family comprises five genera: Pytho Priognathus Ichyomius Osphyoplesius Sphalma
 Lygrocharis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Lygrocharis neivai Melzer 1927 Lygrocharis nigripennis Mendes 1938↑
 Muziris is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its seven described species are spread over several island groups in the Pacific Ocean with one species found in Australia.
 Coptotriche longiciliatella is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is about 7 mm.The larvae feed on Rubus ulmifolius. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an elongated upper-surface blotch. Pupation takes place within the mine. Larvae can be found from autumn to April.
 Branchiostoma lanceolatum or amphioxus is a lancelet in the subphylum Cephalochordata. It is a marine invertebrate found in soft substrates in shallow seas. It is used as a model organism to study the development of vertebrates. The mitochondrial genome has been sequenced.
 Crassispira asthenes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Khoratpithecus is an extinct genus of primates that lived during the late Miocene (9-7 million years ago) in Southeast Asia.
 Temnora wollastoni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Liberia east to the Central African Republic and then south to the Democratic Republic of the Congo the Republic of the Congo and Gabon.The length of the forewings is about 22 mm. It is similar to Temnora zantus zantus but the forewing upperside apical area is the same dark brown as the basal area of the wing.
 Carinodrillia dichroa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Black-tipped Cotinga (Carpodectes hopkei) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Phyllonorycter clemensella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (including Illinois Kentucky New York Ohio Maine Connecticut and Michigan).The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm.The larvae feed on Acer species including Acer saccharinum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
 The Red-tipped Clearwing (Synanthedon formicaeformis) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in all of Europe the eastern Palearctic ecozone and the Near East.The wingspan is 17–19 mm. Adults have reddish patches at the tips of the forewings. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed inside the stems of various Salix species of including Salix viminalis.
 Geoffroy's cat (Leopardus geoffroyi) is a wild cat native to the southern and central regions of South America. It is about the size of a domestic cat. While the species is relatively common in many areas it is considered to be Near Threatened by IUCN because of concern over land-use changes in the regions where it lives.
 Hyacinthoides is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae known as bluebells.
 Metascopus camerunicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Metascopus.
 The freckled catshark Scyliorhinus haeckelii is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found on the continental shelf and upper slope from the western Atlantic from western Venezuela Suriname Brazil and Uruguay between latitudes 11° N and 32° S.
 The Yellow-throated Greenbul (Arizelocichla nigriceps chlorigula) is a subspecies of the Mountain Greenbul but sometimes considered a distinct species. It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.When it was considered a separate species it was listed as Least Concern by the IUCN.
 Chrysogaster is a genus of small hoverflies in the subfamily Eristalinae. They are dark or black with shiny colourful reflections and can often be seen visiting flowers in damp marshy areas where the aquatic larvae live. Species in the related genera Melanogaster Orthonevra Lejogaster and Riponnensia were formerly treated as members of Chrysogaster.
 The Small Lappet Moth (Phyllodesma ilicifolia) is a species of moth in the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Austria Belarus Belgium China Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Italy Malta Japan Kazakhstan Latvia Lithuania Mongolia Norway Poland Romania Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland and Ukraine.
 Ceratitella nitida is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ceratitella of the family Tephritidae.
 Saxon (1871-1895) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1874 Belmont Stakes the eighth running of that stakes race.
 Culicoides cummingi is a species of Culicoides. It is found in Central America.
 The Greater Idia (Idia majoralis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Ontario and Quebec south into the United States where it has been recorded from Illinois Wisconsin and Missouri.
 Amata dimorpha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bytinsky-Salz in 1939. It is found in Armenia and Turkey.
 Eleutherodactylus simonbolivari is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and tundra.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fusivoluta blaizei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Rhodacaridae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 Protambulyx eurycles is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Suriname Guyana French Guiana Colombia Ecuador Peru Bolivia Brazil Costa Rica Nicaragua and Mexico.It is similar to Protambulyx euryalus but the forewing marginal band is much broader and the proximal edge is crenulated. Females are less heavily marked than males.There are probably multiple generations per year.
 The Streak-headed White-eye (Lophozosterops squamiceps) also known as the Streaky-headed White-eye or Streak-headed Ibon is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eupithecia santolinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France Spain Italy and on Sardinia.The larvae feed on Santolina species.
 Agathia magnificentia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 38-45 mm.
 Auratonota pichincha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Acrocercops citrodora is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914.
 Psydrinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following genera: Amblytelus Erichson 1842 Bembidiomorphum Champion 1918 Celanida Castelnau 1867 Dystrichothorax Blackburn 1892 Epelyx Blackburn 1892 Gehringia Darlington 1933 Helenaea Schatzmayr & Koch 1934 Laccocenus Sloane 1890 Mecyclothorax Sharp 1903 Melisodera Westwood 1835 Meonis Castelnau 1867 Meonochilus Liebherr & Marris 2009 Molopsida White 1846 Moriodema Castelnau 1867 Moriomorpha Castelnau 1867 Neonomius Moore 1963 Nomius Laporte 1835 Paratrichothorax Baehr 2004 Pseudamblytelus Baehr 2004 Psydrus LeConte 1846 Pterogmus Sloane 1920 Raphetis Moore 1963 Rhaebolestes Sloane 1903 Rossjoycea Liebherr 2011 Selenochilus Chaudoir 1878 Sitaphe Moore 1963 Teraphis Castelnau 1867 Theprisa Moore 1963 Trephisa Moore 1963 Trichamblytelus Baehr 2004 Tropopterus Solier 1849↑
 Perrinitidae is one of three families of the Goniatitina suborder. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Digama rileyi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Uganda.
 Ansonia latirostra is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Boophis brachychir is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Protosuchidae was a family of crocodylmorph reptiles from the Late Triassic Jurassic and Cretaceous time periods.
 The Chestnut Casebearer Moth (Coleophora leucochrysella) was a species of moth in the Coleophoridae family. It was endemic to the United States where it was found in Indiana Pennsylvania and Virginia.It is thought the species went extinct when many host trees died due to an infection of the fungus Cryphonectria parasitica which was accidentally introduced from Asia around 1900.The wingspan was 14-15 mm. The larvae fed on Castanea dentata.
 Comura is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Eifel Germany. It was described by Richter and Richter in 1926 and the type species is Comura cometa originally under the genus Cryphaeus by Richter in 1909.
 Bocus is a genus of jumping spiders with three described species. They occur in the Philippines and Borneo and are indistinguishable from the related genus Myrmarachne without the help of a microscope.
 Notodiscus hookeri is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This snail lives on islands in the sub-Antarctic region. Its shell is unique among land snails in that the organic part of the shell layers contains no chitin.
 Onykia robusta also known as the robust clubhook squid and often cited by the older name Moroteuthis robusta is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. Reaching a mantle length of 2 m (6.6 ft) it is the largest member of its family and one of the largest of all cephalopods. The tentacular clubs are slender containing 15–18 club hooks. Arms of the species contain 50-60 suckers and grow to 90–100% of the mantle length. It is found primarily in the boreal to temperate North Pacific.
 Oplegnathus fasciatus the barred knifejaw or striped beakfish is a species of knifejaw native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean though there area a smattering of records from other localities in the eastern Pacific such as Hawaii and Chile. It is an inhabitant of rocky reefs and occurs at depths of from 1 to 10 metres (3.3 to 32.8 ft). Juvenile members of this species can be found with patches of drifting seaweed.
 Ardeadoris cruenta is a species of very colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. Its name is derived from the feminine form of the Latin word cruentus which means stained with blood and is a reference to the red spots on its upper dorsum.
 Peringiella elegans is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Blue-capped Cordon-bleu (Uraeginthus cyanocephalus) is native to Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan and Tanzania in East Africa. This small finch does fairly well in captivity given adequate conditions however breeding this finch is said to be quite difficult.
 Paraceratites subnodosus is an extinct species of ammonite cephalopods in the family Ceratitidae.
 Euclia cassidiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Cleodoxus claviger is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1885 and is known from Costa Rica and Panama.
 Littorina sookensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Scaled sculpins (genus Icelus) are a group of small benthic fishes (up to 25 cm) living in cold waters. They are mainly found in the North Pacific with some species in the North Atlantic. They are characterized by a large laterally compressed head and small spines.
 Penicillaria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Oxycanus oressigenes is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales.
 Kermes is a genus of scale insects in the order Hemiptera. They feed on the sap of evergreen oaks; the females produce a red dye also called kermes that is the source of natural crimson.
 Boettgeria crispa is a species of small very elongate air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.This species is endemic to Portugal. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hemistoma beaumonti is a species of minute freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Xanthorhoe anaspila is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.
 The Western White-Eared Giant Rat (Hyomys dammermani) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Clanculus simoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Pseudapistosia similis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Acytolepis is a genus of small butterflies that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. The members (species) are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Australasian ecozone.
 Diaulula farmersi is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Ramphotyphlops guentheri is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Virbia minuta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Brazil (Amazons) and Mexico.
 Acraea necoda is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on the central and northern plateau in Ethiopia.The larvae feed on Urtica species.
 Abrostola brevipennis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Kenya to South Africa.
 Therevidae are a family of Diptera Asiloidea commonly known as stiletto flies. The family contains about 1600 described species worldwide most diverse in arid and semi-arid regions with sandy soils. The larvae are predators of insect larvae in soil.
 Dardanus tinctor the anemone hermit crab is a species of marine hermit crab in the family Diogenidae. Dardanus tinctor is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region including the Red Sea. It reaches a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in).
 Limnaecia pallidula is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 The Mooi River Opal (Chrysoritis lycegenes) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from northern KwaZulu-Natal to Mpumalanga along the Drakensberg escarpment to Mariepskop in the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 21-24 mm for males and 23-26 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to October and from December to January.
 Rosenblattia robusta is a species of deepwater cardinalfish found around the world in southern temperate waters where it occurs at depths from 700 to 2000 m (2300 to 6600 ft). This species can reach 10 cm (3.9 in) in TL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Pleurotomella elisa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Amanipodagrion gilliesi is a species of damselfly. Its monotypic genus Amanipodagrion belongs in the subfamily Argiolestinae of the flatwing damselfly family (Megapodagrionidae). This species is commonly known as the Amani flatwing.
 Tropidophora michaudi is a species of land snail with a gill and an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.This species is endemic to Mauritius.
 Aemilia pagana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Brazil.
 Saphenista paraconsona is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerias).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is glossy creamy with pinkish dots. The base of the wing is suffused with pale brownish olive the termen is more pinkish. The hindwings are grey-brown.
 The golden mola hap (Mylochromis incola) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found in shallow vegetated waters. This species can reach a length of 19.9 centimetres (7.8 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Melanodryas is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae family. It contains the following species: Hooded Robin (Melanodryas cucullata) Dusky Robin (Melanodryas vittata)
 Zanclognatha atrilineella is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the south-eastern parts of the United States.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Deinacrida pluvialis is a species of insect in family Anostostomatidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Clavipalpa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Parornix anglicella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
 Darevskia armeniaca commonly known as the Armenian lizard or the Armenian rock lizard is a parthenogenetic (unisexually breeding) species (or form) of Darevskia a genus of lizards belonging to the family Lacertidae the wall lizards. Darevskia armeniaca is native to the Armenian Highland.
 Plagiodontia is a genus of rodent in the family Capromyidae. The name Plagiodontia means oblique tooth in Greek.This genus contains the following four species (three of them extinct): Hispaniolan hutia (Plagiodontia aedium) F. Cuvier 1836† San Rafael hutia (Plagiodontia araeum) Ray 1964† Samana hutia (Plagiodontia ipnaeum) Johnson 1948† Plagiodontia spelaeum
 Ptinus tectus is a species of beetles in the genus Ptinus of the family Ptinidae or family Anobiidae subfamily Ptininae.Ptinus tectus Boieldieu is the name used for this species outside North America. However under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature the valid name for the Australian spider beetle is Ptinus ocellus Brown 1929.However many works still state Ptinus tectus as the valid name.
 The leafbirds (Chloropseidae) are a family of small passerine bird species found in India Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. They are one of only three bird families that are entirely endemic to the Indomalayan ecozone. They were formerly grouped with the ioras and fairy-bluebirds in the family Irenidae. As presently defined the leafbird family is monogeneric with all species placed in the genus Chloropsis.
 Chompion (foaled 1965 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by C. V. Sonny Whitney and trained by Ivor Balding.In June 1971 then owner John Fieramosca announced that Chompion would be retired to stud at his Colonial Farms beginning with the 1972 season.
 Seticosta droserana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 24 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellowish with a slight olive hue and brown olive strigulation. The ground colour is paler along the edges of some parts of the markings. These markings are darker than the strigulation. The hindwings are cream with pale brownish terminal suffusion and paler strigulae.
 Minipsyrassa is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Minipsyrassa bicolor Martins 1974 Minipsyrassa guanabarina Martins & Napp 1992↑
 Peristernia bonasia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Pigeon tremex Tremex columba is a species of horntail native to Eastern and Western North America. The females are larger than the males with females growing to 25-30mm in length and males about 20-25mm. The larvae feed on dead and dying trees such as beech elm maple and oak.Megarhyssa macrurus is the natural enemy of this species. It seeks out the larvae within the tunnels bored by this species. It then lays an egg next to the larva which it then stings to paralyze it.
 Natchitochia is an extinct protocetid early whale known from the Middle Eocene (Bartonian 40.4 to 37.2 million years ago) Cook Mountain Formation in Natchitoches Parish Louisiana (31.7°N 93.1°W﻿ / 31.7; -93.1 paleocoordinates 32.6°N 84.5°W﻿ / 32.6; -84.5).Natchitochia is known from three incomplete ribs and thirteen vertebrae of which four are thoracics five lumbars one sacral two caudals and one of indeterminable position.
 Pococera is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Epipaschiinae. It was described by Zeller in 1848.
 Austroharpa wilsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Lepetella sierrai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetellidae.This species is the host of the ectoparasitic copepod Lepetellicola brescianii Huys Lopez Gonzalez Roldan & Luque 2002
 Tecmerium rosmarinella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in France.The larvae feed on Rosmarinus officinalis.
 The Violet-Throated Starfrontlet (Coeligena violifer) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Sinocyclocheilus guanduensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China.
 Pachychilon macedonicum is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The rough chameleon Trioceros rudis also known as the Rudis chameleon is a chameleon from western Uganda Rwanda Burundi and eastern DR Congo. Contrary to common belief this species does not inhabit Mount Meru Tanzania. Tanzania chameleons called T. rudis are in fact T. sternfeldi. T. rudis is small (10 to 15 cm (3.9 to 5.9 in)) and lacks horns or occipital lobes. It has a long tail and a small crest.
 Depressaria indecorella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Russia.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Vitularia triangularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mordellistena kaguyahime is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1957 by Nomura & Kato.
 The Tahuata Rail (Gallirallus roletti) is an extinct species of flightless bird in the Rallidae or rail family.
 Hunnanocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Aglossa exsucealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Lederer in 1863 from Beirut Lebanon. It is also found on Cyprus.
 Ypsolopha exsularis is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Aacocrinus also known as the feather star is a genus of extinct sea lily from the Actinocrinitidae (or Patelliocrinidae) family. It has been shown that it was an attached stationary organism that blindly fed on passing organism.
 Cinnerethica are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Scarabaeus sacer is a species of dung beetle. It occurs in coastal dunes and marshes around the Mediterranean Basin. Among the coprophagous species of beetles it is typical of those that collect dung into balls. Such a beetle rolls its ball to a suitable location where it digs an underground chamber in which it hides the ball. It then either eats the ball itself or lays an egg in it covers the chamber and departs repeating the procedure as many times as it can.
 Acteon tornatilis common name the lathe acteon is a species of medium-sized sea snail a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae the barrel bubble snails.
 Trichopterygini is a tribe of geometer moths under subfamily Larentiinae.
 Teinoptila bolidias is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in China (Gansu Hubei Hunan Shaanxi Yunnan Zhejiang) and Thailand.The wingspan is 21-27 mm
 Kuroshiovolva shingoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Lamontichthys is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Aphthonocosma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Phoronis is one of the two genera of the horseshoe worm family (Phoronidae) in the phylum Phoronida. The body has two sections each with its own coelom. There is a specialist feeding structure the lophophore which is an extension of the wall of the coelom and is surrounded by tentacles. The gut is U-shaped. The diagnostic feature that distinguishes this genus is the lack of epidermal invagination at the base of the lophophore. These worms are filter feeders.Its larva is an Actinotrocha.
 Fannia ornata is a fly species in the Fanniidae family. This species is smaller and more slender than the house fly Musca domestica and is similar in appearance to the lesser house fly Fannia canicularis.
 Eublaberus is a genus of cockroaches closely related to Blaberus. Among the differences are proportionately somewhat shorter stouter limbs a broad blackish bar on the caudal margin (rear) of the pronotum and angulation on the lateral margins (sides) of the pronotum.The genus contains the following species: Eublaberus argentinus Hebard 1921 Eublaberus distanti (Kirby W. F.
 Eupithecia ochrovittata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and the Transcaucasus (Georgia and Armenia).
 The Kenyan Wattled Bat (Glauconycteris kenyacola) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Kenya.
 The Thyatirinae are a subfamily of moth family Drepanidae with about 200 species described.
 Xenoceltites is an extinct ceratite ammonite found world wide in the Lower Triassic. Xenoceltites belongs to the Xenoceltitidae a taxonomic family within the ceratites that with two others now form the superfamily Xenodiscaceae. One of the earliest ceratites Xenoceltities has a narrow planospiral shell with a compressed whorl section that has a suture with 2 weakly toothed lateral lobes and irregular ribbing .
 Phlogophora conservuloides is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Sikkim to Taiwan.
 Palniella virididorsata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Acraea althoffi Althoff's Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Slate-colored Fox Sparrow (Passerella (iliaca) schistacea) group comprises the Rocky Mountain taxa in the genus Passerella. It is currently classified as a subspecies groupwithin the Fox Sparrow pending widespread acceptance of species status.It has long been suspected to be a separate evolutionary lineage due to morphological distinctness (Swarth 1920). More recently it has been split into the present clade and the Thick-billed Fox Sparrow.
 Incurvaria triglavensis is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in Italy Austria Slovenia Bosnia and Herzegovina and possibly a larger area of the Balkan Peninsula.
 Physalaemus crombiei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhingia is a genus of hoverflies. They all have a very distinctive long snout. The larva are associated with animal dung. Adults feed on nectar and pollen.
 Cyclotorna ementita is a moth of the Cyclotornidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Long's Brownie (Miletus chinensis longeana) is a small but striking butterfly found in India and Myanmar that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Entomoantyx cyanipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Entomoantyx.
 Mahensia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Mahensia seychellarum which is found on the Seychelles.
 Acleros nigrapex the Powdered Dusky Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Panthera youngi is known from Choukoutien northeastern China and lived about 350000 years ago in the Pleistocene epoch. Harington 1969 suggested that the American lion the Eurasian cave lion and the large Chinese Panthera youngi are conspecific.
 Mangelia grisea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.This is a nomen dubium.
 Scopula incanata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from north-eastern Europe and the Caucasus to southern Siberia and northern Mongolia.The wingspan is 25–28 mm. Adults are on wing from late July to August in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Thymus and Polygonum species. Larvae can be found from August to May. It overwinters in the larval stage.
 Nudaria vernalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Guangdong).
 Hewitsonia prouvosti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in central Cameroon.
 Cinetodus is a genus of sea catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Ariidae. These species originate from brackish and fresh waters of Irian Jaya southern New Guinea and northern Australia.
 Horama grotei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found on Jamaica.
 Monacha cartusiana is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.This is the type species of the genus Monacha.
 The European ass (Equus hydruntinus) is an extinct equine from the middle and late Pleistocene of Eurasia. It appeared first in the fossil report 300000 years before present and did not disappear until Holocene times. In the late Pleistocene it was widespread throughout much of western Eurasia from the Middle East to Europe especially along the Mediterranean with fossil reports from Sicily Turkey Spain France and Portugal.
 The Malayan Free-tailed Bat (Mops mops) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 The dwarf pufferfish also known as the Malabar pufferfish pea pufferfish or pygmy pufferfish Carinotetraodon travancoricus is a small freshwater pufferfish endemic to the River Pamba in Kerala Southwest India. Maximum size is 22 mm (less than one inch) making it one of the smallest pufferfish in the world. Although closely related to marine pufferfish they are not found in brackish or salt water and reports to the contrary may be based on misidentification.
 The Aripuana Antwren (Herpsilochmus stotzi) is a bird in the Antbird family described as new to science in 2013.It is found in central Amazonian Brazil.
 Xanthomera leucoglene is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central Southern and Eastern Africa and in MadagascarIts wingspan is 18mm.
 Areas is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Thuridilla is a genus of sacoglossan sea slugs shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Plakobranchidae.
 Colpospira smithiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Centrostephanus coronatus as known as Crowned Sea Urchin is a sea urchin in the family Diadematidae. It lives in holes and crevices is shallow rocky waters. Individuals forage within 1 metre (3 ft 3 in) of their shelters to which they return at night .
 Achaea phaeobasis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Sudan.
 Draco guentheri commonly known as Guenther's flying lizard is an agamid flying dragon endemic to the Philippines.
 Vexillum concentricum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Dorsetodon is an extinct genus of mammal from the Early Cretaceous (Berriasian) Purbeck Group of Britain. It is represented by isolated lower molars.
 Hylettus hiekei is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fuchs in 1970 and is known from Ecuador and Colombia.
 Ermischiella fukiensis is a species of beetle in the Ermischiella genus. It was described in 1952.
 Leptagonus decagonus the Atlantic Poacher is a species of poacher native to the northern oceans. It is found at depths of from 0 to 930 metres (0 to 3051 ft). This species grows to a length of 21 centimetres (8.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Monksfield (1972-1989) was an Irish-trained National Hunt racehorse who won the Champion Hurdle in 1978 and 1979. He also won the Aintree Hurdle at Aintree Racecourse three times - including a dead-heat with Night Nurse one of his two greatest rivals.Monksfield cost his Irish trainer Des McDonogh only 740 guineas as a yearling but he won five times on the flat to add to his hurdling triumphs.
 Tachys scutellaris is a very small ground beetle found in salt marshes.
 Palmer's tree frog Hyloscirtus palmeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amorphoscelis borneana is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.
 Phrynobatrachus cryptotis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Rhinoceros Auklet (Cerorhinca monocerata) is a seabird and a close relative of the puffins. It is the only living species of the genus Cerorhinca. Given its close relationship with the puffins the common name Rhinoceros Puffin has been proposed for the species.It ranges widely across the North Pacific feeding on small fish and nesting in seabird colonies. Its name is derived from a horn-like extension of the beak.
 The Blue Jay (Cyanocitta cristata) is a passerine bird in the family Corvidae native to North America. It is resident through most of eastern and central United States and southern Canada although western populations may be migratory. It breeds in both deciduous and coniferous forests and is common near and in residential areas. It is predominately blue with a white chest and underparts and a blue crest. It has a black U-shaped collar around its neck and a black border behind the crest.
 The western Cuban nesophontes (Nesophontes micrus) is an extinct species of mammal in the family Nesophontidae. It was found in Cuba and Haiti.
 The spider species Herpyllus ecclesiasticus is commonly called the eastern parson spider after the abdominal markings resembling an old-style cravat worn by clergy in the 18th century. It is mainly found in Central USA with finds stretching from North Carolina to southern Alberta Canada.Although this spider presents a startling appearance living indoors as it frequently does it is not considered harmful. However some people do have allergic reactions to their bites.
 Mongolicosa mongolensis is a species of wolf spider only known from Gurvanbulag district Bayankhongor Province Mongolia.This spider up to 8 mm in length is dark brown in colour. There are pale bands on the carapace and a reddish heart-shaped mark on the abdomen although all body markings are poorly defined. The legs however show clear pale banding.
 Latirus pictus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Cape wrasse Sagittalarva inornata is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from Baja California to Colombia including Cocos Island Malpelo Island and the Galapagos. It is a deep-water species recorded as occurring down to about 150 m (490 ft). This species grows to 16.2 cm (6.4 in) in standard length. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Crocodilurus is a lizard genus that belongs to the family Teiidae. It is monotypic with only a single described species Crocodilurus amazonicus the Crocodile Tegu. This semi-aquatic lizard has a flattened paddle-like tail and is found in the Amazon Basin and Guiana Shield in South America. It feeds on arthropods amphibians reptiles and fish.
 Hyposmocoma lacertella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet.
 Cerithiella eulimella is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Powell in 1958.
 Timon princeps is a species of Timon which belongs to the family of Lacertidae the wall lizards.
 Archaeopacha is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Tylosis puncticollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Casuaria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1866 and is known from Brazil.
 The short-tailed gymnure (Hylomys suillus) is a small erinaceomorph that is found in southeast Asia. This gymnure which resembles a large mouse grows to a length of 4-6 inches and feeds on insects worms and other small animals.
 Tomoxia sexlineata is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Lea in 1895.
 Chloris (bird) redirects here. The name Chloris was also invalidly used for the bird genus Parula.The genus Carduelisis a large group of birds in the finch family Fringillidae. It includes the greenfinches redpolls goldfinches linnets the twite and the non-African siskins.
 Siberioceras is an extinct orthocerid genus of uncertain affinity defined by Zhuravleva (1957). Orthocerids are prehistoric shelled cephalopods included in the mostly orthoconic nautiloid superorder Orthoceratoidea.
 Idalus flavibrunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1906. It is found in Peru.
 The Lord Howe long-eared bat (Nyctophilus howensis) is a species of vesper bat. It is known only from a single skull found on Lord Howe Island in 1972 and dated to the twentieth century. It may thus be extinct; if not it is certainly endangered.
 The Scallop-breasted Antpitta (Grallaricula loricata) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Brilliant Blue (Junonia rhadama) is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar Mauritius Rodrigues Réunion the Comoros and the Seychelles (Astove Island). The habitat consists of transformed grasslands and anthropogenic environments.The larvae feed on Barleria species.
 Stenelmis gammoni is a species of beetle in family Elmidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Acrolophus minor is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1903. It is found in North America including Arizona.
 The Sharp-billed Canastero or Lesser Canastero (Asthenes pyrrholeuca) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family the ovenbirds.The Sharp-billed Canastero is a resident breeding species in central and southern Argentina and the eastern border Andean cordillera of Chile; some birds migrate north as far as the southwest border of Paraguay the southern border region of Bolivia and western Uruguay in the austral winter.
 Amara blanchardi is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family. It is native to North America.
 The Paradise Tanager (Tangara chilensis) is a brilliantly multicolored medium-sized songbird whose length varies between 13.5 and 15 cm. It has a light green head sky blue underparts and black upper body plumage. Depending on subspecies the rump is yellow and red or all red.
 Thaichinula ohmomoi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Thaichinula.
 Eupithecia vicina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Eudendrium exiguum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Plumbago is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Cephalodesmius is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.Currently only 3 species are recognised all endemic to Australia. The beetles form bonded pairs and occupy permanent nests under the rainforest floor during their lifespan of only one year. The scarcity of dung in their habitat appears to have driven members of this genus to improvise a dung substitute from available materials.
 Etheostoma striatulum the striated darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States. It occurs in the Duck River system in Tennessee. It inhabits rocky pools in creeks. This species can reach a length of 5.6 centimetres (2.2 in) TL though most only reach about 3.8 centimetres (1.5 in).
 Protogrypa is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Schizothorax macropogon is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 The Desert-Marigold Moth (Schinia miniana) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America from California to western Texas north to Colorado and Nevada south into Mexico.The wingspan is 19–24 mm.The larvae feed on Baileya.
 As invalidly established by A.C.L.G. Günther in 1862 Chromis is a junior synonym of the freshwater cichlid genus Tilapia.Chromis is a genus of fish in the family Pomacentridae. While the term Damselfish describes a group of marine fish larger than just one genus most damselfish are in the genus Chromis. These fish are popular aquarium pets due to their small size tolerance for poor water quality and bright colors.
 The mountain treeshrew (Tupaia montana) is a treeshrew species of the Tupaiidae family.It is endemic to Borneo and inhabits montane forests in Sarawak and Sabah.The first specimen was described by Oldfield Thomas and was part of a zoological collection from northern Borneo obtained by the British Museum of Natural History.
 The Nicaraguan pocket gopher (Orthogeomys matagalpae) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. It is found in Honduras and Nicaragua.
 Gephyroberyx is a genus of fish in the slimehead family. There have been 3 species in this genus but Gephyroberyx philippinus is now considered to be a synonym of G. darwinii leaving two species. Gephyroberyx darwinii (J. Y. Johnson 1866) (Darwin's slimehead) Gephyroberyx japonicus (Döderlein (de) 1883) (big roughy)↑
 Pompanos /ˈpɒmpənoʊ/ are marine fishes in the Trachinotus genus of the Carangidae family (better known as jacks). Pompano may also refer to various other similarly shaped members of Carangidae or the order Perciformes. Their appearance is deep-bodied and mackerel-like typically silver and toothless with a forked tail and narrow base. Of the 20 described species most are valued as food. Some species are considered prize delicacies and game fish.
 Leptocolpodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Leptocolpodes bispinosus (Jeannel 1948) Leptocolpodes corynoscitus (Basilewsky 1960) Leptocolpodes erythropus (Jeannel 1951) Leptocolpodes leleupi (Basilewsky 1950) Leptocolpodes leroyi (Burgeon 1937) Leptocolpodes mgetae (Basilewsky 1962) Leptocolpodes overlaeti (Burgeon 1937) Leptocolpodes pictus (Basilewsky 1970) Leptocolpodes subpictus Basilewsky 1985 Leptocolpodes suturifer (Csiki 1931) Leptocolpodes usambaranus (Alluaud 1915) Leptocolpodes velox (Peringuey 1899)↑
 The Glazed Pellicia (Pellicia arina) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Panama north through Central America to northern Mexico. Rare strays are found up to the lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas.The wingspan is 25-38 mm. Adults are on wing from March to April and June to December in southern Texas. In Mexico and Central America adults are on wing in July and from October to February.The larval host is unknown. Adults probably feed on flower nectar.
 Mordellistena mikado is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1953.
 Typhlops marxi is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Micralestes is a genus of African tetras. There are currently 17 species in this genus.
 Mordellistena disempta is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by George Charles Champion.
 Stenodema calcarata is a species of bug from Miridae family that can be found in Central and Western Europe.
 Enchelyurus brunneolus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean around Hawaii. This species grows to a length of 2.9 centimetres (1.1 in) SL.
 Bufoides is a genus of true toads; the only known species is the Mawblang toad or Khasi Hills toad M. meghalayanus. It is native to Cherrapunji and Khasi Hills in northeastern India.
 Raphiglossoides is a small genus of afrotropical potter wasps known from South Africa. Only two species are currently known.
 The sharpbelly Hemiculter leucisculus wild carp Korean sharpbelly or common sawbelly is a tropical freshwater and brackish water fish belonging to the Cultrinae sub-family of the Cyprinidae family. It originates in large streams and reservoirs in China Japan Hong Kong Korea and the Amur River basin. It has become established as an exotic species in several other countries including Iran Afghanistan and the former Soviet Union where it has displaced local species.
 Sigara venusta is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 Notovoluta kreuslerae common name : Kreusler's Volute is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Liotyphlops anops is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Angolachelys is an extinct genus of African eucryptodiran turtle which existed in Angola during the Turonian stage of the Late Cretaceous. The type species is Angolachelys mbaxi
 Anchoa hepsetus is a species of fish in the Engraulidae family. It also commonly goes by the name Broad-striped anchovy.
 Bembecia lomatiaeformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from Greece to Turkey and the Caucasus.The wingspan is 28–34 mm.The larvae feed on the roots of Astragalus species including Astragalus angustifolius and Astragalus creticus rumelicus.
 Euthecosomata is a taxonomic unit used to classify sea snails.
 The White-lined Tanager (Tachyphonus rufus) is a medium-sized passerine bird. This tanager is a resident breeder from Costa Rica south to northern Argentina and on Trinidad and Tobago.It occurs in semi-open areas including gardens. The bulky cup nest is built in a tree or shrub and the female incubates three sometimes two brown-blotched cream eggs for 14–15 days.Adult White-lined Tanagers are 18.5 cm long and weigh 33 g. They are long-tailed and with a mostly black stout pointed bill.
 The Eurasian Penduline Tit or European Penduline Tit (Remiz pendulinus) is a passerine of the genus Remiz. It is relatively widespread throughout Eurasia. The breeding range of the species in Western Europe has experienced an expansion during the 1980s and 1990s.
 The Brown-capped Rosy Finch (Leucosticte australis) is a medium-sized finch.Adults are brown on the head back and breast with pink on the belly rump and wings. The forehead is black. They have short black legs and a long forked tail.Their breeding habitat is mountain peaks in the central Rocky Mountains of the United States.
 Clypeobarbus hypsolepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Clypeobarbus.
 Galasa relativalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Galasa. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 The salalah guitarfish (Rhinobatos salalah) is a species of fish in the Rhinobatidae family. It is endemic to possibly Oman. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Lenyrhova is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family which is known from eastern Madagascar.It is a monotypic genus and its only known species is Lenyrhova heckmanniae which has a wingspan of 47mm and a body length of 26mm.
 Paraphasca is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Melospiza is a genus of passerine birds in family Emberizidae. The genus commonly referred to as song sparrows contains currently three species all of which are native to North America. Members of Melospiza are medium-sized sparrows with long tails which are pumped in flight and held moderately high on perching. They are not seen in flocks but as a few individuals or solitary. They prefer brushy habitats often near water.
 Hoplophanes heterospila is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Tajigyna is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae with one species Tajigyna gansoni from Tajikistan.
 Splitfins are a family Goodeidae of teleost fish endemic to Mexico and some areas of the United States. This family contains 40 species within 18 genera. The family is named after ichthyologist George Brown Goode.
 Salcedia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Salcedia africana (Britton 1947) Salcedia coquilhati Alluaud 1932 Salcedia elongata Alluaud 1932 Salcedia miranda (Andrewes 1920) Salcedia nigeriensis Alluaud 1930 Salcedia parallela Baehr 1998 Salcedia perrieri Fairmaire 1899 Salcedia putzeysi (Oberthur 1883) Salcedia schoutedeni Alluaud 1930↑
 Antispila mesogramma is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Peru.
 Amphiprion sandaracinos also known as the Orange skunk clownfish or Golden anemonefish is a marine fish belonging to the family Pomacentridae which gathers clownfishes and damselfishes.
 Clytra binominata is a species of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It can be found in Turkey and Greece (including the island of Rhodes).
 Vespa luctuosa is a species of hornet which is endemic to the Philippines. The main subspecies is Vespa luctuosa luctuosa (primarily native to Luzon island). Other known subspecies include Vespa luctuosa luzonensis (primarily native to the Visayas including Leyte island and Samar Island) and Vespa luctuosa negrosensis (native to Negros island). Vespa luctuosa is best known for its potent venom.
 Cyclophora auricosta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Samkos bush frog Chiromantis samkosensis is a moss frog found in Cambodia in the Cardamom Mountains. It was first described in 2007.
 The Spectacled Monarch (Symposiachrus trivirgatus) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Costasiella is a genus of sacoglossan sea slugs a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Limapontiidae.The most recent diagnosis of the genus Costasiella is by the Dutch malacologist Cornelis Kees Swennen (2007).
 Apteropeda orbiculata is a species of beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found on the British isles Denmark France Germany Northern Spain the Netherlands Western Poland and Western Ukraine. It is black coloured but can be also be green.
 Ichthyophis peninsularis is a species of caecilian found in India. It was described by Edward Harrison Taylor in 1960.
 Judolia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Judolia antecurrens (Wickham 1913)† Judolia cerambyciformis (Schrank 1781) Judolia cometes (Bates 1884) Judolia cordifera (Olivier 1795) Judolia erratica (Dalman 1817) Judolia gaurotoides (Casey 1893) Judolia impura (LeConte 1857) Judolia instabilis (Haldeman 1847) Judolia japonica (Tamanuki 1942) Judolia longipes (Gebler 1832) Judolia montivagans (Couper 1864) Judolia orthotricha Plavilstshikov 1936 Judolia quadrata (LeConte 1873) Judolia scapularis (Van Dyke 1920) Judolia sexmaculata (Linnaeus 1758) Judolia sexspilota (LeConte 1859) Judolia swainei (Hopping 1922)↑ ↑
 Alucita pygmaea is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in the northern half of Australia as well as Fiji.The wingspan is about 8 mm.The larvae feed on Canthium oleifolium.
 Misionella is a genus of crevice weaver spiders. Currently there are two described living species. A spider fossil that was found in 15 to 20 million year old Miocene amber from the Dominican Republic was in 2005 described as Misionella didicostae (Penney 2005a). A second specimen was discussed (Penney 2005b) soon thereafter.
 Tripteridia recessilinea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Megalopalpus simplex is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Paremonia luteicincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893. It is found in Gabon.
 Vinogradov's Jerboa (Allactaga vinogradovi) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family.It is found in Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
 Hyaleucerea fusiformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Pleuroceridae common name pleurocerids is a family of small to medium-sized freshwater snails aquatic gilled gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cerithioidea.These snails have an operculum and typically a robust high-spired shell.Reproduction is iteroparous and juvenile snails emerge from eggs laid on a firm surface by a gonochoristic female. There is no veliger stage.
 Pantoporia is a genus of Asian butterflies sometimes called the lascars.
 Proteuxoa spilocrossa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Ambulyx lestradei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 The Wynaad Laughingthrush (Garrulax delesserti) is a species of laughingthrush in the Leiothrichidae family. It is endemic to the Western Ghats south of Goa in India. These laughingthrushes move in groups in dense forests producing loud calls but tend to be hard to spot in the undergrowth. They have brown upperparts a white throat a broad black mask through the eye and a heavy bill with pale yellow on the lower mandible.
 The Portland Moth (Actebia praecox) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Northern and Central Europe the Caucasus Central Asia Siberia Kamchatka Sakhalin the Kuriles Northern Turkey Mongolia China Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Salix repens and other sand-dune plants.
 Euhirudinea the true leeches are an infraclass of the Hirudinea. These clitellate annelids are of somewhat unclear relationships; namely the relationships of Hirudinea with oligochaetes are in need of revision. It may be that the presumed sister taxon of the Euhirudinea the Acanthobdellidea turns out to be more distantly related as was already the case with the Branchiobdellida.
 Satronia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The cribellate spider species Hickmania troglodytes (Tasmanian cave spider) occurs only in Tasmania where it is widely distributed especially in underground drainage and cave systems where large numbers can be found in the entrances.They are up to 2 cm long with a legspan of up to 18 cm; its web can have a diameter of more than one meter.The smaller males have a distinct kink-like curve near the end of each second leg.
 Aegires gardineri also known as ' Notodoris gardineri' is a species of nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aegiridae.
 Anopina apicalis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Puebla).
 The Croslet Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus coelophyllus) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Laos Malaysia Myanmar and Thailand.
 Haplochromis nigripinnis is a species of cichlid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it occurs in Lake George Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel. This species can reach a length of 6.8 centimetres (2.7 in) SL.
 Ectoedemia chasanella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1984. It is known from the Russian Far East.
 Papilio alexiares the Mexican Tiger Swallowtail is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Mexico and southern Texas.
 Membranipora membranacea is a very widely distributed species of marine bryozoan known from the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans usually in temperate zone environments. This bryozoan is a colonial organism characterized by a thin mat-like encrustation white to gray in color. It may be known colloquially as the sea-mat or lacy crust bryozoan and is often abundantly found encrusting seaweeds particularly kelps.
 Choreutis lutescens is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found on Ambon Island.
 Eudonia pallida is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from most of Europe.The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults are on wing in April to late September in one generation per year.The larvae feed on mosses and lichens at ground level. It has been reared from larvae found amongst the moss Calliergonella cuspidata.
 Tetragonoderus poecilus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Bates in 1883.
 The Orange Punch (Dodona egeon) is a small but striking butterfly found in India that belongs to the family Riodinidae family (which is also known as the 'Punches' and 'Judies' in India).
 Clanculus mauritianus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Synodontis multipunctata also known as the cuckoo catfish cuckoo squeaker or multipunk is a small catfish from Lake Tanganyika one of the lakes in the Great Rift Valley system in Africa. It is a brood parasite upon mouthbrooding cichlids. This species grows to a length of 27.5 centimetres (10.8 in) TL. This species is a minor component of local commercial fisheries.
 Achatina achatina common name the giant Ghana snail also known as the giant tiger land snail is a species of very large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae. The name 'Achatina' is from 'achates' Greek for agate.
 Plectrohyla calvicollina is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The longnose velvet dogfish Centroselachus crepidater is a sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae found circumglobally in southern hemisphere subtropical seas at depths of between 230 and 1500 m. It reaches a length of 130 cm.
 With over 850 species the genus Nomada is one of the largest genera in the entire family Apidae and the largest genus of cleptoparasitic cuckoo bees. They occur worldwide and utilize many different types of bees as hosts primarily the genus Andrena.
 Hyperaeschra is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Abida gittenbergeri is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Chondrinidae.
 The speckled dace (Rhinichthys osculus) also known as the spotted dace and the carpita pinta is a member of the minnow family. It is found in temperate freshwater in North America from Sonora to British Columbia.Canada is the northern limit of the speckled dace's distribution and there it is found only in isolated parts of the Kettle and Granby Rivers.
 Newminster (1848 – 2 October 1868) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the St. Leger Stakes in 1851. He raced for four seasons winning two of his ten races. He retired to stud in Yorkshire and became British champion sire in 1859 and 1863. Newminster sired the Derby winners Musjid and Hermit and the champion sires Adventurer and Lord Clifden. He was trained by John Scott and owned by Anthony Nichol throughout his racing career.
 Neustosaurus is a genus of marine crocodyliform from the Early Cretaceous. Neustosaurus was a carnivore that spent much if not all its life out at sea. No Neustosaurus eggs or nest have been discovered so little is known of the reptile's lifecycle unlike other large marine reptiles of the Mesozoic such as plesiosaurs or ichthyosaurs which are known to give birth to live young out at sea. Where Neustosaurus mated whether on land or at sea is currently unknown.
 In scientific nomenclature a synonym is a scientific name that applies to a taxon that (now) goes by a different scientific name although zoologists use the term somewhat differently. For example Linnaeus was the first to give a scientific name (under the currently used system of scientific nomenclature) to the Norway spruce which he called Pinus abies.
 The typical warblers are small birds belonging to the genus Sylvia in the Old World warbler (or sylviid warbler) family Sylviidae. There are 28 species currently included in the genus including five species formerly treated in the genus Parisoma a treatment which left Sylvia paraphyletic.
 Minoa is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 The Least Auklet (Aethia pusilla) is a seabird and the smallest species of auk. It is the most abundant seabird in North America and one of the most abundant in the world with a population of around nine million birds. They breed on the islands of Alaska and Siberia and spend the winter close to the edge of the ice sheet. Their largest colonies are on the Aleutian Islands St.
 Deudorix chalybeata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Island of Sao Tome.
 Pheia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Carabus akinini ketmenensis is a black or brown-coloured subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Kazakhstan. The males of the subspecies are ranging from 20–22 millimetres (0.79–0.87 in) long.
 Planopus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Planopus laniniensis Bosq 1953 Planopus octaviusbarrosi Cerda 1968↑
 Capnosema is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The yellow pigtoe Pleurobema flavidulum was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the Unionidae family. It was endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat was rivers. It is now extinct.
 Urophora chaetostoma is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Ingerophrynus parvus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Cambodia Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers intermittent rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Rhagoletis cornivora is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 The Flame-breasted Sunbird (Cinnyris solaris) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Indonesia and East Timor.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Acarichthys heckelii is a South American species of cichlid fish. It is the only member of the genus Acarichthys. It is found in rivers in the Amazon and Essequibo basins.
 Macrobrochis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Marcipopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Brothylus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Brothylus conspersus LeConte 1859 Brothylus gemmulatus LeConte 1859↑
 Perittia secutrix is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Apha arisana is a moth of the Eupterotidae family. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Theretra tomasi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Senegal.
 Fotella notalis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Big Bend region of western Texas southern Arizona southern California and southern Nevada. The habitat consists of dry deserts.The length of the forewings is 10-13 mm. There is distinct geographic variation although this variation is not reflected in the male genitalia and rarely in the female genitalia. The male forewing is light tan-brown with a few black scales. The hindwings are light brown with darker brown or gray.
 Clavatula filograna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Exaulistis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The ground tyrants (Muscisaxicola) are a genus of passerine birds belonging to the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. There are about 13 different species. They are ground-dwelling birds which inhabit open country in South America particularly the Andes and Patagonia. Several southern species are migratory moving northward for the winter. Ground tyrants feed on insects and other invertebrates mainly by picking them from the ground. A flight display is performed during the breeding season.
 Copelatus peridinus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1955.
 Pholidosauridae is an extinct family of aquatic neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs. Fossils have been found in Europe (Denmark England France Germany Spain and Sweden) Africa (Algeria Niger Mali Morocco and Tunisia) North America (Canada and the United States) and South America (Brazil and Uruguay).
 Orodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish that lived from the late Pennsylvanian to the early Permian in what is now North America. Growing up to 2 m (7 ft) in length it was quite large for its period.
 Nyssocarinus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nyssocarinus bondari (Melzer 1927) Nyssocarinus humeralis Monné 1985 Nyssocarinus vittatus Gilmour 1960↑
 Callionymus carebares the Indian deepwater dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the western Indian Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 135 to 330 metres (443 to 1083 ft). This species grows to a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) TL.
 Nurhachius was a genus of istiodactylid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Barremian-Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang Liaoning China. The genus was named in 2005 by Wang Xiaolin Alexander Kellner Zhou Zhonge and Diogenes de Almeida Campos. The type species is Nurhachius ignaciobritoi. The genus name refers to Nurhaci the first khan of the Qing Dynasty whose original power base encompassed the region where the fossil was found.
 Liocrobyla minima is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tajikistan and Turkmenistan
 Angarogyrus is an extinct genus of fossil beetles in the family Gyrinidae containing the following species: Angarogyrus minimus Ponomarenko 1977 Angarogyrus mongolicus Ponomarenko 1986↑
 Eudicella is a genus of the scarab beetle family in the subfamily known as flower beetles.
 Cephonodes apus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Islands of Réunion and Mauritius.The upperside of the abdomen is bicoloured the anterior half green the posterior half red. The upperside of the head thorax wing bases and first four abdominal segments are unicolorous green. Abdominal segment five is red segment six to eight are red mixed with green. The abdominal tuft is orange-brown.
 Aptinus is a genus of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East. It contains the following species: Aptinus acutangulus Chaudoir 1876 Aptinus alpinus Dejean 1829 Aptinus bombarda (Illiger 1800) Aptinus cordicollis Chaudoir 1843 Aptinus creticus Pic 1903 Aptinus displosor L. Dufour 1811 Aptinus hovorkai Hrdlicka 2005 Aptinus lugubris Schaum 1862 Aptinus merditanus Apfelbeck 1918 Aptinus pyranaeus Dejean 1824↑
 Pagodula fraseri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The White-eared Puffbird (Nystalus chacuru) is a species of bird in the Bucconidae family the puffbirds. It is found in Brazil Bolivia Paraguay and Argentina; also Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Kinabalu Shrew (Crocidura baluensis) is a species in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to the mountain Mount Kinabalu on Borneo.
 Phycitodes inquinatella is a species of snout moth. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Great Britain Fennoscandia the Baltic region Ukraine the Czech Republic Slovenia Croatia and Bulgaria) the Canary Islands Turkey and the Palestinian Territories.The wingspan is 15–18 millimetres (0.59–0.71 in).
 Gongylophis colubrinus the Kenyan sand boa is a boa species found in northern Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Cymbopteryx is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ornipholidotos jax is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of forests.
 Conus zebra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Siphonaria zelandica is a species of medium-sized air-breathing sea snail or false limpet a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae the false limpets.
 The Ruddy Copper (Lycaena rubidus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the western mountains of North America.The wingspan is 28–32 mm. Adults are on wing from mid-July to early August.The larvae feed on Rumex hymenosepalus Rumex triangularis and Rumex venosus.
 Mordellistena chrysotrichia is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1951 by Nomura.
 The Ruddy Woodcreeper (Dendrocincla homochroa) is a passerine bird which breeds in the tropical New World from southern Mexico to northern Colombia and extreme northern Venezuela.This woodcreeper is typically 20 cm long and weighs 44 g. It is almost entirely rufous with a paler throat and grey line from the bill to the eye.
 Dalla riza is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia and Peru.
 Dilobocondyla is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Stigmella amelanchierella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. This species was described by Clemens in 1862 from mines on Amelanchier found in June and July. This original (type) material was not preserved and there are no known bred specimens.Vacated mines have been collected in Ohio Kentucky and North Carolina. These mines where described as long linear and transparent. The frass is deposited in a rather broad line through the middle.
 Copelatus waltoni is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by J. Balfour-Browne in 1950.
 Hypotia colchicaloides is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iran.
 Mabilleodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Acanthinucella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mordella bifasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1801.
 Athetesis prolixa is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Acompsia dimorpha is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the French and Spanish Pyrenees. The habitat consists of the alpine zone.The wingspan is 16–20 mm for males and 11–13 mm for females. The forewings of the males are greyish to black brown mottled with light yellow or light greyish scales. The hindwings are light grey. Forewing have black brown forewings mottled with yellow and light brown scales. The hindwings light grey but darker at the apex.
 Bonthainia is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Heliothis albipuncta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 Mordella biquadrinotata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 The gulf darter (Etheostoma swaini) is a small freshwater fish in the family Percidae. It can be found in Louisiana Mississippi Alabama Florida Tennessee and Kentucky.
 Cranopsis melanochlorus is one of several former names for Bufo melanochlorus a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Costa Rica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nanodiodes piceus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Nanodiodes.
 Pseudochazara cingovskii is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found only in the Republic of Macedonia. The males are a little bit smaller than the females.It is a cool pale grey brown the upperside bands being particularly noticeable. Its habitat is scattered with white limestone rocks and when at rest on the white limestone it is very difficult to notice it due to its very pale underside.
 Leptorchestes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Like several other genera of salticids it mimicks ants.
 The Buff-throated Woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus guttatus) is a resident passerine bird found in tropical South America in the Guiana Shield and disjunctly in the northern Atlantic Forest. It formerly included the Cocoa Woodcreeper and the Lafresnaye's Woodcreeper as subspecies. Some authorities retain Lafresnaye's position as a subspecies of the Buff-throated Woodcreeper but the resulting group is polyphyletic (see Systematics and evolution).
 Cingilia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Greenish Black-tip or Lemon White (Euchloe charlonia) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. Its range is mainly in northern Africa the Middle-East and occasionally the southern Iberian peninsula especially Spain.The larvae feed on Diplotaxis pendula Succowia balearica Moricandia arvensis Eruca vesicaria Cleome arabica Reseda villosa Eryngium tenue and Diplotaxis acris.
 Nipponacmea teramachii is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Sthenurinae is a sub-family within the marsupial family	Macropodidae meaning 'short faced kangaroos'. No members of this subfamily remain extant today with all becoming extinct by the late Pleistocene.
 Lactoria is a genus of boxfishes.
 Conus plinthis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Odina is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae. There are two subspecies namely Odina decoratus and Odina hieroglyphica.
 Apaidia mesogona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal Andorra Sardinia Corsica and North Africa.The larvae feed on Quercus suber Thymus Buxus sempervirens and Lavandula species.
 Cigaritis iza the Black Silverline is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 Pseudothyretes erubescens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Simosyrphus grandicornis is an Australasian species of hoverfly and is one of the two most common hoverflies in Australia alongside Melangyna viridiceps. It has been introduced to a number of Polynesian Islands and Hawaii.
 This species may be confused with either the Gold Barb (P. semifasciolatus var. schuberti) or the Gold-finned Barb (P. sachsii).The Golden Barb or Golden Dwarf Barb (Pethia gelius) is a species of cyprinid fish native to inland waters in Asia and is found in Pakistan India and Bangladesh. It has also been introduced to waters in Colombia. It natively inhabits rivers and standing water with a silty bottom.
 Bucculatrix coronatella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Alabama Georgia Indiana Kentucky Maine Maryland Massachusetts New Jersey Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee Virginia Washington D.C. and West Virginia.The wingspan is 7.5-8 mm. The forewings are uniform orange-ocherous or sometimes brownish. The hindwings are grey or pale reddish fuscous.
 Neaveia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae endemic to the Afrotropics. It consists of only one species Neaveia lamborni the Pierine Blue which is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of frests and open areas.
 Victaphanta compacta common name the Otway black snail is a species of carnivorous air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Rhytididae.
 Strepeoschema is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Discordia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Swinhoe in 1885 and is known from Madagascar.
 Ethmia caliginosella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in high montane Colorado. The length of the forewings is 11.7-12 mm. The ground color of the forewings is dark slate gray with black markings. The ground color of the hindwings is pale gray but the hairs of the anal area are darker. Adults are on wing from late June to late July.The larvae have been recorded on Pseudocymopterus multifidus but this is an unlikely host.
 Hadrosaurids or duck-billed dinosaurs are members of the ornithischian family Hadrosauridae. The family which includes ornithopods such as Edmontosaurus and Parasaurolophus was a common herbivore in the Upper Cretaceous Period of what is now Asia Europe and North America.
 The dwarf lemurs are the lemurs of the genus Cheirogaleus. All of the species in this genus like all other lemurs are native to Madagascar.
 Exotic Dancer (29 March 2000 – 2 April 2009) was a French bred National Hunt racehorse who was trained by Jonjo O'Neill. He had a famous rivalry with Kauto Star but never beat him.In April 2005 Exotic Dancer finished seventh in the World Hurdle at Cheltenham and as a 50/1 outsider finished third in the Grade 1 Aintree Hurdle at Aintree.
 Isometrus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae.
 The Plain-backed Sparrow (Passer flaveolus) also called the Pegu Sparrow or Olive-backed Sparrow is a sparrow found in the Asian countries of Burma Thailand Cambodia Laos Vietnam and Malaysia.The phylogeny of the sparrows has been studied by Arnaiz-Villena et al. Nuclear mitochondrial DNA pseudogenes were often found in these sparrows.
 Dendrophleps is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The black tetra (Gymnocorymbus ternetzi) also known as the black skirt tetra high-fin black skirt tetra and black widow tetra is a freshwater fish of the characin family (Characidae). It is native to the Paraguay and Guaporé River basins of southern Brazil Argentina and Bolivia. Growing to about 6 cm (2.5 in) total length the black tetra has a roughly tetragonal body shape and is greyish in colour fading from near black at the tail to light at the nose.
 Albericus darlingtoni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The West African Spanish mackerel Scomberomorus tritor is a species of fish in the family Scombridae. Specimens have been recorded at up to 100 cm in length and weighing up to 6 kg. Coloration is bluish-green on the back fading to silvery on the sides marked with about 3 rows of vertically elongate orange spots.It is found in the eastern Atlantic along the Atlantic coasts of Africa from Canary Islands and Senegal to the Gulf of Guinea and Baía dos Tigres Angola.
 Acronicta gastridia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Kashmir.
 The Hottentot golden mole (Amblysomus hottentotus) is a species of mammal in the Chrysochloridae family. It is found in South Africa Swaziland and possibly Lesotho.
 The Black-fronted White-eye (Zosterops minor) is a songbird species. It is closely related to the Old World babblers and its family Zosteropidae might better be included in the Tiimalidae. Some sources include this species within Z. atrifrons the Black-crowned White-eye.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Quite common it is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Eotetraodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric puffer fish that lived during the Lutetian epoch of middle Eocene. Fossil specimens are from the Monte Bolca lagerstatten (E. pygmaeus) and the Kuma Horizon of the Gorny Luch locality from the North Caucasus (E. gornylutshensis).
 Donacia thalassina is a species of leaf beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae. Distributed in the Palearctic region.
 The Ponmudi Day Gecko Cnemaspis nairi is a species of gecko found in India (Kerala).
 Opsarius cocsa is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India.
 Copelatus gschwendtneri is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1939.
 Synechodes sidereus is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2004. It is found in New Guinea.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are brownish black but lighter in the anterior third. There is a small yellow spot near the base. The forewings are covered with white scales. The hindwings are black with a large orange-yellow spot.
 Pleurobema sintoxia common name the Round Pigtoe is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Grammolingiidae is an extinct family of lacewing insect which existed in what is now China during the Middle Jurassic period.Leptolingia imminuta a species described in 2011 is the smallest known species in the family Grammolingiidae.
 Gorgonidia garleppi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 Saltella is a genus of flies in the family Sepsidae.
 Bennelongia is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae. It is probably endemic to Australia and New Zealand and is predicted to be highly diverse. The genus was described in 1981 after Woollarawarre Bennelong who is the first aboriginal to have a long association with the early European settlers of Australia. Prior to 2012 six species were described in Australia. There are currently 15 species of Bennelongia.
 Granulina liei is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 The Rufous-browed Flycatcher (Anthipes solitaris) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It was formerly placed in the genus Ficedula.
 Zizhongosaurus (meaning Zizhong lizard) is a genus of basal herbivorous sauropod dinosaur which lived in the Early Jurassic Period of China. It was a large-bodied herbivore characterized by a long neck.The type species Zizhongosaurus chuanchengensis was named in 1983 by Dong Zhiming Zhou Shiwu and Zhang Yihong. The generic name is derived from Zizhong County in Sichuan Province.
 Calamaria modesta is a dwarf snake species in the genus Calamaria found in Java.
 Luchuena hachijoensis is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.This species is endemic to Hachijōjima Japan.
 The Phyllodactylidae are a family of geckos (Gekkota) consisting of approximately 113 species distributed throughout the New World North Africa Europe and the Middle East. The Phyllodactylidae were described based on a molecular phylogenetic analysis in 2008 and all members possess a unique single codon deletion in the phosducin (PDC) gene. The phyllodactylid genus Bogertia has been recently synonymized with Phyllopezus.
 Eremiaphila cycloptera is a species of praying mantis native to Saudi Arabia.
 Copelatus flavidus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1895.
 Lepidogma wiltshirei is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidogma. It was described by Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iraq (including the type location Baghdad).
 Indotriplophysa choprai is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Indotriplophysa.
 The São Tomé Fiscal or Newton's Fiscal (Lanius newtoni) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe. It is 20 to 21 centimeters long.
 Hamodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Procerusternarchus pixuna is a species of bluntnose knifefish endemic to Amazonas Brazil where it occurs in several tributaries of the Rio Negro. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Euschoengastia is a genus of mites in the family Trombiculidae.
 Ernophthora denticornis is a species of snout moths in the genus Ernophthora. It was described by Meyrick in 1929. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Molorchini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Molorchus and the following species: Molorchus bimaculatus Say 1824 Molorchus eburneus Linsley 1931 Molorchus longicollis LeConte 1873↑
 The Dwarf Sanjika (Opsaridium tweddleorum) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Malawi and Mozambique.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Conus kremerorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Ptyas is a genus of colubrid snakes. This genus is one of several colubrid genera colloquially called rat snakes or ratsnakes.
 Taeniura is a genus of stingrays in the family Dasyatidae commonly known as ribbontail stingrays. Phylogenetic research has shown that T. lymma is not closely related to T. grabata or T. meyeni. The latter two species are placed in a separate genus Taeniurops in some sources.
 The Blue-footed Booby (Sula nebouxii) is a marine bird in the family Sulidae which includes ten species of long-winged seabirds. Blue-footed boobies belong to the genus Sula which comprises six species of boobies. It is easily recognizable by its distinctive bright blue feet which is a sexually selected trait. Males display their feet in an elaborate mating ritual by lifting their feet up and down while strutting before the female.
 Coleophora thurneri is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern France Italy and Croatia.The larvae feed on Artemisia alba. They create a brownish very thin tubular silken case of 10–11 mm with a mouth angle of about 45°. Larvae can be found in mid May.
 The Euliini are a tribe of tortrix moths.
 Aethes lateritia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Iran and Pakistan.
 Areva laticilia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Venezuela.
 Oraphanes binotatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Oraphanes.
 The African Thrush (Turdus pelios) is a passerine bird in the thrush family Turdidae. It is common in well-wooded areas over much of sub-Saharan Africa. Populations are resident.African Thrushes are omnivorous eating a wide range of insects earthworms and berries. They nest in bushes or similar. They do not form flocks.Sexes of this large thrush are similar with soft brown upperparts brown underparts and a yellow beak.
 Pearson's slender-legged tree frog Osteocephalus pearsoni is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna swamps freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stephensia staudingeri is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found on the island of Rhodes in Greece.The larvae feed on Origanum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a small corridor which is entirely filled with frass. Later the mine becomes a full depth blotch with dispersed frass. The larva may vacate the mine and restart elsewhere. Pupation takes place outside of the mine in a dense spinning under a folded leaf margin.
 Nesolestes is a damselfly genus. It belongs in the subfamily Argiolestinae of the flatwing damselfly family (Megapodagrionidae). Species include: Nesolestes pauliani Nesolestes ranavalona
 Xylesthia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 The Patagonian Mockingbird (Mimus patagonicus) is a species of bird in the Mimidae family. It is found in Argentina and locally in Chile. Vagrants have been recorded in the Falkland Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Schistura procera is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Rugulina monterosatoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pendromidae.
 The Woodland Thicket Rat (Grammomys dolichurus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland arable land pastureland and urban areas.
 Carposina exochana is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The head and thorax are ochreous-white. The antennae abdomen and legs are ochreous-whitish the anterior legs suffused with dark fuscous. The pale whitish-ochreous forewings are elongate scarcely dilated the costa moderately arched the apex round-pointed the hindmargin faintly sinuate and rather strongly oblique.
 Cassolus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Perissoneura chrysea is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Perissoneura of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Rufous Songlark (Megalurus mathewsi) is a species in the Locustellidae family endemic to Australia.
 Loxostege aeruginalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Italy Croatia Hungary Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Albania Greece Ukraine Russia and Turkey.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 Eois olivaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Asaphocrita lucis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Lopharcha psathyra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Japan (Kyushu Honshu Shikoku).There are at least two generations per year with adults on wing from late April to mid-June and from mid-July to September.The larvae bore into the fruits of Neolitsea sericea. They have brownish-yellow and a brown head. Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 13 mm. Pupation takes place in a cocoon.
 Gnaphosa borea is a ground spider species with Holarctic distribution. It is found in boreal forests in Russia (Tuva South Siberia) in the United States (Toolik Lake Alaska Mount Katahdin Baxter State Park Maine) and in Canada (Alberta Saskatchewan Yukon).This species appears to be dependent on some of the conditions associated with wildfires as it is absent or rarely collected in harvest-origin stands.
 Teulisna semibrunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Heylaerts in 1891. It is found on Java.
 Chrysoglossa norburyi is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 17-18.5 mm for males and 18-21 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is evenly slate gray-brown. The outer margin of the hindwings has a wide dark slate-gray band extending from the apex to the tornus. The central area is shiny white semitransparent and dusted with gray scales along the posterior margin.
 Valenzuela piceus is a species of Psocoptera from Caeciliusidae family that can be found in United Kingdom and sometimes Ireland. They are also common in countries like Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Italy Latvia Luxembourg Norway Poland Romania Spain Sweden Switzerland and the Netherlands. The species are light brown coloured.
 Peculator verconis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Carvalho's Surinam Toad (Pipa carvalhoi) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes ponds and aquaculture ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Heteropsis viettei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests and forest margins.
 Macrosoma costilunata is moth-like butterfly described by Louis Beethoven Prout in 1916. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 Enteroxenos bouvieri is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Pararctia yarrowii Yarrow's Tiger-moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1874. It is found from Hudson Bay to British Columbia and northern Arizona. The habitat consists of barren rocky fellfields and slides above the timberline.The length of the forewings is about 22 mm. The ground color of the forewings is cream to light yellow with a pattern of broad dark brownish grey transverse lines. The hindwings are orange marked with dark grey.
 Ectoedemia empetrifolii is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece (Peloponnesus).The larvae feed on Hypericum empetrifolium. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a narrow corridor generally along the leaf margin widening into a blotch that occupies almost the complete leaf. The frass is concentrated in the basal part of the blotch.
 Autographa speciosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in western Oregon southern Vancouver Island and the Sierra Nevada range of California.The wingspan is about 38 mm. Adults are on wing in midsummer.
 Homalopoma albidum common name the white dwarf turban is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Lamprima adolphinae is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae.
 Thysanphalonia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The American sailfin eel (Letharchus velifer also known as the Sailfin eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by George Brown Goode and Tarleton Hoffman Bean in 1882. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from the western Atlantic Ocean including the United States (North Carolina and northeastern Florida) and the northeastern Gulf of Mexico. It frequently inhabits scallop grounds. Males can reach a maximum total length of 51 centimetres.
 Nebria holzunensis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Altai region of Russia.
 Sicariidae is a family of six-eyed venomous spiders known for their necrotic bites. The members of this family are haplogyne possessing unsclerotised genitals in females. The family consists of two genera Loxosceles and Sicarius and contains about 132 species. Well known spiders in this family include the brown recluse spider and the assassin spider.
 The northern pig-tailed macaque (Macaca leonina) is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is found in Bangladesh Cambodia China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. Traditionally it has been considered a subspecies of M. nemestrina. In India it is found in south of the Brahmaputra River in the northeastern part of the country. Its range in India extends from Assam and Meghalaya to eastern Aruanchal Pradesh Nagaland Manipur Mizoram and Tripura.
 Zatrephes lentiginosus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in French Guiana.
 Mantidactylus kathrinae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prietella is a small genus of North American freshwater catfishes endemic to Mexico.
 The Arctic Tern (Sterna paradisaea) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae. This bird has a circumpolar breeding distribution covering the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of Europe Asia and North America (as far south as Brittany and Massachusetts). The species is strongly migratory seeing two summers each year as it migrates along a convoluted route from its northern breeding grounds to the Antarctic coast. Recent studies have shown average annual roundtrip lengths of about 70900 km (c.
 Kind (foaled 21 April 2001) is an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. She won six of her thirteen races including the Listed Flower of Scotland Stakes and Kilvington Stakes as well as being placed in the Group 3 Ballyogan Stakes. Since retiring from racing she has become one of Juddmonte Farms' top broodmares foaling the undefeated 10-time Group 1 winner Frankel. All of her first five foals have won races including the Group winners Bullet Train and Noble Mission.
 Sancassania is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Eleutherodactylus bernali is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss and is classified as critically endangered by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.All species of Eleutherodactylus are characterized by direct development in which eggs hatch directly into small frogs completely bypassing the tadpole.
 The name marsh tern refers to terns of the genus Chlidonias which are typically found in freshwater marshes rather than coastal locations.
 Phyllonorycter tristrigella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula east to the European part of Russia. It was also recorded from Japan but this is a misidentification of Phyllonorycter laciniatae.The wingspan is 7–9 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and again in August.The larvae feed on Ulmus glabra Ulmus x hollandica Ulmus laevis and Ulmus minor.
 The Short-tailed Grasswren (Amytornis merrotsyi) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and rocky areas.
 Cynoscion arenarius (sand seatrout sand weakfish or as it is also known white trout) is a common species of drum fish found in the Gulf of Mexico and western Atlantic Ocean. While not especially popular or targeted it is still known as a sport fish and is often caught by anglers of these waters. Research in biochemistry suggests that the sand seatrout may actually be a subspecies of the weakfish that lacks spots.
 Hermaea cruciata is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hermaeidae.
 Orthogonius parallelus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 Lepidomys proclea is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidomys. It was described by Druce in 1895 and is known from Mexico (including the type location of Teapa Tabasco) and the West Indies.
 Clepsis pallidana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe as well as Asia Minor Iran Russia (Primorsk and Tuva) Mongolia China the Korean Peninsula and Japan.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in western Europe.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants including of Artemisia campestris Gnaphalium Euphorbia Spiraea ulmaria Lactuca scariola Aster Urtica Iris Jurnea Solidago Sedum and Malus.
 The Tropeiro Seedeater (Sporophila beltoni ) is a species of bird in the tanager family. It is endemic to Brazil. Formerly lumped with the Plumbeous Seedeater (S. plumbea) it was described as a new species in 2013.
 Acrias is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Small Grass Emerald (Chlorissa viridata) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from western Europe to eastern Asia.The wingspan is 24–27 mm. The base colour of the forewings is green but soon fades to yellow.The larvae feed on Calluna vulgaris Betula and Salix species (including Salix repens).
 Coleotechnites ponderosae is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in North America.The larvae feed on Pinus ponderosa.
 Seminella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Thyreopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Thyreopterus angusticollis Peringuey 1904 Thyreopterus ardoini (Basilewsky 1961) Thyreopterus bifasciatus Hope 1842 Thyreopterus bilunatus Burgeon 1933 Thyreopterus caliginosus (Basilewsky 1957) Thyreopterus chirindanus Basilewsky 1955 Thyreopterus collarti (Alluaud 1932) Thyreopterus decellei (Basilewsky 1963) Thyreopterus effugiens Basilewsky 1968 Thyreopterus flavosignatus Dejean 1831 Thyreopterus kaboboanus Basilewsky 1960 Thyreopterus kivuanus Basilewsky 1960 Thyreopterus latipennis (Alluaud 1932) Thyreopterus lepesmei Burgeon 1942 Thyreopterus letestui Alluaud 1932 Thyreopterus limbatus Boheman 1848 Thyreopterus lusingae (Basilewsky 1953) Thyreopterus luteicornis Chaudoir 1869 Thyreopterus maculatus Chaudoir 1837 Thyreopterus mediomaculatus (Burgeon 1933) Thyreopterus orbicollis Burgeon 1942 Thyreopterus overlaeti Burgeon 1937 Thyreopterus plesius (Alluaud 1932) Thyreopterus posticalis Alluaud 1932 Thyreopterus ptolemaei (Alluaud 1917) Thyreopterus quadrilunatus Burgeon 1933 Thyreopterus rugicollis (Basilewsky 1951) Thyreopterus spinipennis Alluaud 1916 Thyreopterus uelensis Burgeon 1937 Thyreopterus undulatus Dejean 1831 Thyreopterus vaneyeni (Basilewsky 1949) ↑
 Holodactylus africanus is a species of gecko that is commonly found in Eastern Africa. The gecko has a big head thin body stumpy tail and has tan and brown bands. The adults are 3 and a half to four inches long.
 Antiblemma calida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 The edible naiad edible pearly mussel western fan-shell or western fanshell mussel scientific name Cyprogenia aberti a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Postplatyptilia genisei is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Argentina.The wingspan is 19-21 mm. Adults are on wing in December January March and May.
 Johnsonina eriomma is a species of spikefish found in the Caribbean Sea in the waters around Cuba and Trinidad and Tobago. It occurs at depths of from 183 to 549 metres (600 to 1801 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Phyllonorycter mariaeella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada (Québec and Ontario) and the United States (Missouri and Michigan).The wingspan is 8-8.5 mm.The larvae feed on Symphoricarpos species including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus Symphoricarpos symphoricarpos and Symphoricarpos vulgaris. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf. Pupation takes place within an ovoid white silken cocoon.
 Cerithideopsilla djadjariensis is a species of medium-sized sea snail or mud snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae the horn snails.
 Daguinaspis is an early Cambrian trilobite genus found in Morocco. Like the closely related Choubertella and Wolynaspis but unlike any other Fallotaspidoidea it lacks genal spines.
 Euphaedra opulenta is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Gabon.
 Nectophrynoides paulae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Pleuroptya violacealis is a moth in the Crambidae family that is endemic in Réunion.The wingspan of this moth is approx. 25mm.It looks very similar to Herpetogramma licarsisalis but under light the surface of its wings shines violett.
 Carotene (foaled 1983 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who holds the filly or mare record for winning the most Sovereign Awards. Bred by David Willmot's Kinghaven Farms she was a daughter of the British sire Great Nephew who also sired Epsom Derby winners Grundy and Shergar. Carotene's dam was Carrot Top a mare David Willmot purchased in foal from the Whitney family at the 1982 dispersal sale of their bloodstock in the United Kingdom.
 Sura melanochalcia is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Bull-headed Shrike (Lanius bucephalus) is a passerine bird of eastern Asia belonging to the shrike family Laniidae.It is 19–20 cm (approx. 7.48-7.9 inches) long. The male has a brown crown white eyebrow and black mask. The back is grey-brown while the wings are dark with a white patch. The flanks are rufous and the rest of the underparts are whitish with fine barring. Females are similar but duller and browner with a brown mask and no white wing-patch.
 Pseudophaloe stenoxantha is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 The Bolivian White-crowned Tapaculo (Scytalopus bolivianus) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The humming frog (Neobatrachus pelobatoides) is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are temperate forests temperate shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation intermittent freshwater marshes rocky areas arable land pastureland and open excavations.
 Procyliosoma is a genus of pill millipede found in Australia and New Zealand. Procyliosoma is the only genus in the family Procyliosomatidae.
 Zophodia ebeniella is a species of snout moth in the genus Zophodia. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in Mozambique and South Africa.
 Bradypodion (meaning slow-footed) is one of six genera of chameleons within the true or typical chameleons (Family Chamaeleonidae). They are native to southern Africa and are sometimes collectively called South African dwarf chameleons. Some other small chameleons from eastern and central Africa are occasionally placed herein but this is probably in error and not followed here. See also Systematics below and Kinyongia and Nadzikambia.
 Hemisaga is a genus of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It contains the following species: Hemisaga elongata Hemisaga lucifer Hemisaga vepreculae
 The grass snake (Natrix natrix) sometimes called the ringed snake or water snake is a Eurasian non-venomous snake. It is often found near water and feeds almost exclusively on amphibians.
 Trichopoda is a genus of tachinid flies commonly known as the feather-legged flies or hairy-legged flies. The name comes from Greek Tricho meaning hair and poda meaning foot. They are small brightly coloured flies that congregate on flowers feeding on nectar. The halteres are covered with yellow scales and there is a fringe of flattened hairs on the hind legs.
 The redface moray Monopenchelys acuta is a species of saltwater eels the only member of the genus Monopenchelys of the Muraenidae (Moray eel) family. It is found in the Atlantic the eastern Pacific and the western Indian Ocean. Its length is up to 209 mm.
 The Karoo Lark (Calendulauda albescens) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is endemic to South Africa.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 The Louisiana Slimy Salamander (Plethodon kisatchie) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to the United States.Its natural habitat is temperate forests and as such it is threatened by habitat loss.
 Billcobbanoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Ochropyge is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Psilotaphria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The masked palm civet or gem-faced civet (Paguma larvata) is a civet species native to the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. It is classified by IUCN in 2008 as Least Concern as it occurs in many protected areas is tolerant to some degree of habitat modification and widely distributed with presumed large populations that are unlikely to be declining.The genus Paguma was first named and described by John Edward Gray in 1831.
 Taniva is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family. It contains only one species the Spruce Needleminer Moth (Taniva albolineana).
 Saxidomus gigantea common name the butter clam is a large edible saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae the venus clams.Numerous valves of this species have been found in the shell middens on Sidney Island in British Columbia Canada.
 Corydoras griseus the Gray corydoras is a small catfish of the corydoras genus. Its natural range is in the Brazilian Amazon region in small tributary streams.
 Catoptria combinella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
 Amblyseiinae is a subfamily of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Agelasticus is a genus of bird in the Icteridae family. It contains the following species: Pale-eyed Blackbird (Agelasticus xanthophthalmus) Yellow-winged Blackbird (Agelasticus thilius) Unicoloured Blackbird (Agelasticus cyanopus)
 Heterographa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Colostethus sanmartini is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family. It is endemic to Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cauchas cockerelli is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Busck in 1915. It is found in North America including Colorado.
 The Uspallata chinchilla rat (Abrocoma uspallata) is a species of chinchilla rats in the family Abrocomidae native to Argentina. This species was identified in 2002 by Braun and Mares from the University of Oklahoma. Only a single specimen exists.
 Cranopsis luetkenii and Incilius luetkenii are two of several former names for Bufo luetkenii a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests intermittent freshwater marshes and pastureland.
 Hypocrita is a genus of Neotropical moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Arachnomyia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Amitermitinae constitute a subfamily of harvester termites and allies (family Termitidae) in the Isoptera infraorder. They have been merged with the Termitinae subfamily and are considered by ITIS as an invalid taxon. However a case could be made to keep them in their own subfamily because they have some important attributes that affect soil. Amitermitinae consists of 18 genera and 296 species. They have as typical characteristics a usually rounded head and a bilobed clypeus.
 Geritola dubia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Melitaea sindura is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Kashmir Chitral and Tibet.
 Chlorolius koehleri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Chlorolius.[citation needed]It is found in Cameroon Gabon and Nigeria and possibly the Republic of the Congo and Equatorial Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers plantations and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Hibiscus-leaf Caterpillar Moth (Anomis privata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China Taiwan and Japan but has also been recorded from North America.The larvae feed on the leaves of Hibiscus species.
 Harutaeographa stenoptera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Russia (south-eastern Siberia Amur Ussuri Primorje) Korea and China (Shaanxi).
 The Swamp Partridge or Swamp Francolin (Francolinus gularis) is a species of partridge found in parts of India Nepal and Bangladesh mostly in the Ganges and Brahmaputra valleys.
 Traukutitan is a genus of possible lognkosaurian titanosaur sauropod dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous (Santonian age). Fossils of Traukutitan were recovered from the lowermost section of the Bajo de la Carpa Formation (Neuquén Group) in North Patagonia of Argentina and described but not named in 1993 by Leonardo Salgado and Jorge Orlando Calvo.
 Chondracanthus is a parasitic copepod genus in the family Chondracanthidae containing the following species:
 Parafodina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Caucasian Great Rosefinch (Carpodacus rubicilla) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in Afghanistan Azerbaijan Georgia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Mongolia Pakistan Russia Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. Its natural habitats are tundra and temperate grassland. This and the Spotted Great Rosefinch are sometimes considered as one species the Great Rosefinch.
 Lithostrotion is a genus of rugose coral which is commonly found as a fossil within Carboniferous Limestone. Lithostrotion is a member of the Lithostrotionidae family within the order Stauriida class Rugosa in the Cnidaria phylum.
 Eva flexa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Tibet and Yunnan).The forewings are dark olive-brown with well marked medial and postmedial lines. There is a large discal dot and there are orange discal and subtornal streaks.
 Tipula is a very large insect genus in the fly family Tipulidae. They are commonly known as crane flies or daddy longlegs. Worldwide there are well over a thousand species.All species have very long fragile legs. The male has a swollen tip to his abdomen and the female has a pointed ovipositor which is used to push eggs into soil. The larvae of some species are root-feeding and may be called leatherjackets.
 The Little Stint (Calidris minuta) (or Erolia minuta) is a very small wader. It breeds in arctic Europe and Asia and is a long-distance migrant wintering south to Africa and south Asia. It occasionally is a vagrant to North America and to Australia.
 Cicindela aurulenta common name Blue-spotted or Golden-spotted tiger beetle is a beetle of the Carabidae family.
 Xylophanes mineti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador and Bolivia.The wingspan is 84-87 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes crotonis but of similar in size to Xylophanes sarae. The forewing is more slender and slightly more falcate than Xylophanes crotonis. The forewing upperside ground colour is greenish-brown (fading to reddish-brown). The first postmedian line is sometimes slightly duplicated giving the impression of a supernumerary line.
 Siphona hokkaidensis is a Palearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 †Belgrandiella intermedia was a species of very small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Hydrobiidae. The International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN) has listed the species as extinct since 1996.
 Rhopobota nova is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white strongly mixed with yellowish brown and brownish ochreous in some areas. The hindwings are brownish grey.
 The Ruddy Darter (Sympetrum sanguineum) is a European species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae.
 Ameroduvalius jeanneli is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Ameroduvalius.
 Bostrichiformia is an infraorder of polyphagan beetles.It contains two superfamilies Derodontoidea and Bostrichoidea which includes the Dermestidae Anobiidae Bostrichidae and others.
 Lyces aurimutua is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to the Atlantic coastal forest of Brazil.
 Mirocaris is a genus of shrimp associated with hydrothermal vents. Sometimes considered the only genus of the family Mirocarididae Mirocaris is usually placed in the family Alvinocarididae. The genus contains two species M. fortunata and M. indica; the former species M. keldyshi is now considered synonymous with M. fortunata. The two species are found in different oceans and can be distinguished by the pattern of setation on the claw of the first pereiopod.
 Equus francisci is an extinct species of Equus (the genus that includes the horse) which was native to North America. Specimens of E. francisci have been found from northern Texas to southern South Dakota and in Alberta Canada. Evidence shows this species to have evolved in North America.The species Equus francisci was originally described in 1915. The same year a separate species was described from a limb bone as Equus calobatus by Troxell.
 The Philippine Dawn Bat (Eonycteris robusta) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family found in the Philippines.
 Amoria dampieria common name the Dampier's volute is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Circica xestobela is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Meyrick in 1888. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Long-tailed Hawk (Urotriorchis macrourus) is a bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes many other diurnal raptors such as kites eagles and harriers. It is the only member of the genus Urotriorchis.This hawk inhabits the tropical rainforests of western and central Africa. It has a wingspan of 81–90 centimetres (32–35 in) and a total length of 56–65 centimetres (22–26 in) including the tail of 30–37 centimetres (12–15 in). Females are about 15% larger than males.
 Euchrysops alberta the Sahel Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-western Nigeria Sudan and northern Uganda.
 The redbanded perch Hypoplectrodes huntii is a sea bass of the genus Hypoplectrodes found in south eastern Australia and the North Island and northern South Island of New Zealand at depths of between 5 and 100 metres. Its length is between 10 and 20 cm.
 Megacraspedus orenburgensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (the southern Ural). The habitat consists of chalk steppe.The wingspan is 11.5–14.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is greyish white overlaid withbrown-tipped. The hindwings are white.
 Ctenoplusia accentifera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South-Western Europe Greece Africa the Near East and Asia Minor.The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on Mentha Coleus and Cichorium species.
 The Metallic-winged Sunbird (Aethopyga pulcherrima) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Barbulifer is a genus of gobies native to the tropical Atlantic coast of the Americas as well as the Gulf of California on the Pacific coast.
 Acroncosa similella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acroncosa. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1917. It is found in California.
 Mazaeras francki is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Brazil.
 Erbessa mitys is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil French Guiana and Venezuela.
 The ornate shrew Sorex ornatus is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is endemic to Baja California in Mexico and California in the United States. The tule shrew is a likely extinct subspecies; it is only known by four specimens collected in 1905. Other subspecies include the Suisun ornate shrew Sorex ornatus sinuosus.
 The yellowbelly worm-eating snake (Trachischium tenuiceps) is a species of colubrid snake.
 Dichochrysa is a genus of green lacewings.
 The tube-lipped nectar bat (Anoura fistulata) is a bat from Ecuador that was first described in 2005. The species name fistulata is derived from the Latin word fistula meaning tube. It refers to the bat's lower lip which extends 3.3–4.8 mm beyond the upper lip and is rolled into a funnel shape. The exact function of the tube-lip is unknown. The bat has the longest tongue (8.5 cm) relative to its body size of any mammal.
 The Austropetaliidae are a small family of dragonflies occurring only in Chile and Australia.
 Platynota nigrocervina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Texas Oklahoma and Colorado to Michigan south to Florida.The wingspan is 20-23 mm. Adults are on wing from March to September in most of the range but year round in Florida.The larvae feed on Zea mays and Abelmoschus esculentus.
 Typhlonectidae also known as aquatic caecilians or rubber eels are a family of Gymnophiona amphibians found east of the Andes in South America.They are viviparous animals giving birth to young that possess external gills. Of the five genera in the family Atretochoana Potomotyphlus and Typhlonectes are entirely aquatic while Chthonerpeton and Nectocaecilia are semi-aquatic. Atretochoana reaches 100 cm (39 in) in length but other species in the family range from 20–60 cm (7.9–23.6 in).
 Cyana quadripartita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 Crinophtheiros comatulicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Hylettus spilotus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monné in 1982 and is known from eastern Ecuador Peru eastern central Brazil and French Guiana.
 Barsinella desetta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Trachyderes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Trachyderes armatus Monne & Martins 1973 Trachyderes badius Dupont 1840 Trachyderes cauaburi Huedepohl 1985 Trachyderes cingulatus Klug 1825 Trachyderes distinctus Bosq 1951 Trachyderes elegans Dupont 1836 Trachyderes hermani Huedepohl 1985 Trachyderes hilaris Bates 1880 Trachyderes leptomerus Aurivillius 1908 Trachyderes mandibularis Dupont in Audinet-Serville 1834 Trachyderes maxillosus Dupont in Audinet-Serville 1834 Trachyderes melas Bates 1870 Trachyderes pacificus Huedepohl 1985 Trachyderes politus Bates 1870 Trachyderes steinhauseni Huedepohl 1987 Trachyderes succinctus (Linnaeus 1758)↑
 Stigmella georgiana is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Sco Puplesis in 1994. It is found in Georgia.
 The Burmese short-tailed shrew (Blarinella wardi) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in China and Myanmar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 The Lava Gull (Leucophaeus fuliginosus) is a large gull. One of the rarest gulls in the world the entire population lives on the Galapagos Islands and is estimated at 300-400 pairs.The adult plumage acquired in the third year of life consists of a black head black wings and with a dark gray body and a paler gray belly. The bill and legs are black and the inside of the mouth is scarlet. They have white upper and lower eyebrows with red lids.
 Prochoreutis monognoma is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in the Altai Mountains.
 Ptichodis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pachynoa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Stigmella confusella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees Alps and Bulgaria and from Ireland to central Russia.The wingspan is 5–6 mm. Adults are on wing in May. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Betula species including Betula nana Betula pendula and Betula pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long and slender gallery. The corridor follows veins over long distances.
 Macroglossum trigi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.
 Scopula idearia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Pakistan.
 The anis are the three species of near-passerine birds in the genus Crotophaga of the cuckoo family. They are essentially tropical New world birds although the range of two species just reaches the United States. Recent DNA evidence places them in a new family Crotophagidae.Unlike some cuckoos the anis are not brood parasites but nest communally the cup nest being built by several pairs between 2–6 m high in a tree.
 Pseudodiptera clypeatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Bennett's tree-kangaroo (Dendrolagus bennettianus) is a large tree-kangaroo. Males can weigh from 11.5 kg up to almost 14 kg (25 to 31 lbs) while the females range between about 8 to 10.6 kg (17.6 to 23 lbs). They are very agile and are able to leap 9 metres (30 ft) down to another branch and have been known to drop as far as 18 metres (59 ft) to the ground without injury.
 Nipponacmea habei is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Macromphalina dautzenbergi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Dioryctria contortella is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Mutuura Munroe and Ross in 1969 and is known from British Columbia Alberta and Washington.Adults have black and white forewings with a reddish-brown basal area.The larvae bore galleries in blister rust swelling caused by Peridermium species on Pinus contorta.
 Trifurcula pullus is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1980. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Kruger National Park).
 The Galapagos Penguin (Spheniscus mendiculus) is a penguin endemic to the Galapagos Islands. It is the only penguin that lives north of the equator in the wild. It can survive due to the cool temperatures resulting from the Humboldt Current and cool waters from great depths brought up by the Cromwell Current. The Galapagos Penguin is one of the banded penguins the other species of which live mostly on the coasts of Africa and mainland South America.
 Eulima badia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The Pygmy Flowerpecker (Dicaeum pygmaeum) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Coptodisca is genus of moths of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1895.
 The Fiji Shrikebill (Clytorhynchus vitiensis) is a songbird species in the family Monarchidae. The Manu'a Shrikebill subspecies powelli (which may well be a distinct species) may have gone extinct in the 1990 due to habitat destruction.It is found in American Samoa Fiji and Tonga. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cameraria wislizeniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The length of the forewings is 2.4-4.7 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia Quercus wislizeni and Quercus wislizeni var. frutescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong to ovoid occasionally circular. The epidermis is opaque green yellow. Mines usually cross the midrib.
 Menecratistis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Cochylis arthuri Arthur’s sunflower moth is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Saskatchewan Manitoba North Dakota Indiana Minnesota Montana and Ohio.The wingspan is 12 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September. The forewings are brownish white with an outwardly oblique dark fascia.The larvae feed within the heads and on the seeds of Helianthus annuus.
 Odostomia gabrielensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Captain's wood snake (Xylophis captaini) is a species of wood snake described in 2007 which is endemic to India.
 Mordellistena pumiblosoidea is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Franciscolo in 1955.
 Stenalia brachytera is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1957.
 Mitromorpha barrierensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Coralliophila hayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hemicyclaspis (meaning half-round shield or semicircle plate) is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish closely related to Cephalaspis that lived in the Devonian period in what is now Europe and North America. A typical cephalaspid Hemicyclaspis had a heavily armored shovel-shaped headshield. It is thought to have been a better swimmer than most of its relatives because of its powerful tail stabilizing dorsal fin and the keel-shaped hydrodynamic edges of its head shield.
 Prorifrons is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Javan surili (Presbytis comata) is an endangered species of Old World monkey endemic to the western half of Java Indonesia a biodiversity hotspot.
 Nanthilda is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Chicolar is a fish of the snake mackerel family found in the Mediterranean the Atlantic and Caribbean.
 The Yucatan small-eared shrew (Cryptotis mayensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is mainly known from lowlands of Guatemala Belize and Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula where it has been found in dry scrubland and tropical dry forest at elevations below 100 m. It is threatened by deforestation.
 Gnorismoneura quadrativalvata is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China.The wingspan is 13.5–14.5 mm for males and 16.5–18 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is yellowish brown with dark brown patterns. The hindwings are darkgrey.
 Bulimulus lycodus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Erechthias penicillata is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in the Pacific region including French Polynesia and Hawaii.The wingspan is about 10 mm. Adults are pale straw-colored with darker scales scattered variably over the forewings. The tips of the forewings are conspicuously turned up at right angles to the wing.
 Clathrodrillia inimica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Tsirananaclia sucini is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Acanthomegabunus sibiricus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
 Metaxanthia threnodes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Surinam Venezuela and French Guiana.
 Turbonilla magnacastanea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Scolopendra polymorpha the common desert centipede tiger centipede banded desert centipede or Sonoran Desert centipede is indigenous to the Southwestern United States and Northern Mexico up to the Pacific coast. It inhabits dry grasslands forest and desert; in these habitats the centipedes will generally take up residence under rocks though they have been observed creating burrows in suitable environments and inside rotting logs.
 Fusceulima goodingi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Carreramyia is a genus of hoverflies with only one known species currently.
 Mimetus is a genus of pirate spiders in the family Mimetidae. They are found worldwide.
 Pattersonoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Ornipholidotos goodgerae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Dysaules longicollis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Dysaules.
 Protosphaerion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Protosphaerion loreum Gounelle 1909 Protosphaerion pictum Martins 2005 Protosphaerion punctatum Martins 2005 Protosphaerion signatipenne Gounelle 1909 Protosphaerion variabile Gounelle 1909↑
 Proteuxoa senta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Australia Tasmania and Victoria.
 Gymnoscelis conjurata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Sri Lanka.
 The Ascocerida are comparatively small bizarre nautiloids known only from Ordovician and Silurian sediments in Europe and North America uniquely characterized by a deciduous conch consisting of a longiconic juvenile portion and an inflated breviconic adult portion that separate sometime in maturity.
 Leptogyropsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melanodrymiidae belonging to the clade Neomphalina.
 Scopula ocellicincta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Hypercompe dognini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Pomadasys commersonnii the smallspotted grunter is a species of grunt native to the shores of the western Indian Ocean from India to South Africa being found in brackish and marine waters and occasionally into fresh waters. This species can produce a jet of water to clear away mud to reveal benthic invertebrates upon which it feeds. It can reach 80 cm (31 in) in TL. It is also important commercially and is a popular game fish.
 Dineulophus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Sri Lankan Junglefowl (Gallus lafayetii) also known during the colonial era as the Ceylon Junglefowl is a member of the Galliformes bird order which is endemic to Sri Lanka where it is the national bird. It is closely related to the Red Junglefowl (G. gallus) the wild junglefowl from which the chicken was domesticated. The specific name of the Sri Lankan Junglefowl commemorates the French aristocrat Gilbert du Motier marquis de La Fayette.
 Quedara basiflava commonly known as the Yellow-Base Flitter /Golden Tree Flitter is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae and is endemic to Western Ghats of India.
 Apiacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Exilisia nebulosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1958. It is found on Madagascar.
 Gall wasps also called gallflies are a family (Cynipidae) of the order Hymenoptera and are classified with the Apocrita suborder of wasps in the superfamily Cynipoidea. Their common name comes from the galls they induce on plants for larval development. About 1300 species of this generally very small creature (1-8 mm) are known worldwide with about 360 species of 36 different genera in Europe and some 800 species in North America.
 The Lesser Adjutant (Leptoptilos javanicus) is a large wading bird in the stork family Ciconiidae. Like other members of its genus it has a bare neck and head. It is however more closely associated with wetland habitats where it is solitary and is less likely to scavenge than the related Greater Adjutant. It is a widespread species found from India through Southeast Asia to Java.
 Platylestes praemorsus is a damselfly species in the family Lestidae. It is commonly known as the scalloped spreadwing. Platylestes praemorsus is ofen put into the genus Lestes where it is better known as Lestes praemorsus. This damselfly can be found quite commonly in shaded lowland swamps and drains. Unlike most damselflies Playlestes praemorsus usually perches in a hanging or at least slanting position (rather than horizontally) with its wings half open.
 Rhytidopilidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks from the Paleozoic Era.This family is unassigned to superfamily. This family has no subfamilies.
 Xylophanes sarae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela.The wingspan is 68-86 mm for males and 75-90 mm for females. It is similar to Xylophanes crotonis but smaller and the upperside of the body and forewings is brownish-green. The forewing upperside is brown with green highlights.
 Tanna karenkonis is an insect a species of cicada of the genus Tanna.
 Eastmanalepes primaevus is an extinct species of prehistoric jack fish that lived from the Lutetian epoch of what is now Monte Bolca Italy. It was originally described as a species of the jackfish genus Caranx of which it has a superficially similar outline to. It differs from Caranx and almost all other jackfish in that it has very large very pronounced scutes along its lateral line. According to Bannikov E.
 Candalides is a large genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Australasian ecozone.
 Cyclostremella is a minor genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Paracles herbuloti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Chestnut-crested Antbird (Rhegmatorhina cristata) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil and Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ansonia rubigina is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to India.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Ctenucha subsemistria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.The wingspan is about 32 mm.
 Labus is an indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Mordellistena perantennata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Franciscolo in 1957.
 Common names: Guatemalan palm-pit viper Guatemalan tree viper.Bothriechis bicolor is a venomous pit viper species found in southern Mexico Guatemala and Honduras. The specific name refers to the contrasting ventral and dorsal colors. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Banded Demon (Notocrypta waigensis) is a species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya Aru Islands Kei Islands) New Guinea and Queensland. The wingspan is about 40 millimetres (1.6 in). The larvae feed on various Zingiberaceae species including Alpinia caerulea and Hornstedtia scottiana. The larvae live in a tube made out of a rolled leaf joined by silk at the edges.
 Euagra splendida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Brazil.
 Prototcyon is an extinct genus of small omnivorous canid endemic to South America during the middle to Late Pleistocene living from 1.2 Ma to 11000 years ago and existed for approximately 1.189 million years.
 Eleutherodactylus verruculatus (Spanish: Rana-chirrionera Menor) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.
 Pselnophorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Spilosoma clasnaumanni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2005. It is found in Kenya.
 Simoedosaurus is an extinct reptile known from the Paleocene of North America and Europe and a member of the Choristodera a group of semiaquatic reptiles that lived in the Northern Hemisphere from the Jurassic to the early Cenozoic. It resembles the better-known Champsosaurus in having long slender jaws lined with conical teeth. The elongate jaws resemble those of fish-eating crocodilians such as gharials and suggest a similar diet and mode of life.
 Beris is a genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 Elysius hades is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1906. It is found in Peru.
 Temnora nitida is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.The length of the forewings is about 26 mm. It is similar to Temnora murina but the forewing is more excavated below the apex and above the tornus and the forewing upperside has a broad olive-brown band of equal width running from the middle of the costa to the outer margin its distal edge is highlighted with a pale coloration. The hindwing upperside is orange with a diffuse slightly darker marginal band.
 The Cecropia Moth (Hyalophora cecropia) is North America's largest native moth. It is a member of the Saturniidae family or giant silk moths. Females with a wingspan of six inches (160 mm) or more have been documented. It is found as far west as the Rocky Mountains and north into the majority of Canadian provinces. The larvae of these moths are most commonly found on maple trees but they have been known to feed on cherry and birch trees among many others.
 Turbonilla perelloi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Leucinodes translucidalis is a moth species in the genus Leucinodes. It is found in South Africa and Tanzania.It has a wingspan of 21-25mm.
 Dynoides elegans is a species of isopod crustacean in the genus Dynoides. It was originally described in 1923 by Pearl Lee Boone as Cianella elegans based on specimens from La Jolla (home of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography) and San Pedro California. It was transferred to the genus Dynoides in 2000 when Boone's genus was sunk into synonymy with Dynoides.
 The beige catshark Parmaturus bigus is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae The first recorded specimen was a female recorded off the coast of Queensland Australia around Lord Howe Island. Its length was 72 cm.Recently a number of specimens both male and female (unpublished data) were captured in New Zealand waters at the edge of the EEZ (exclusive economic zone). To date very little is known about the ecology of this species.
 Haemanota patricki is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in South America.
 Iphinoe ovoideus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Typhlops wilsoni the Iranian worm snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Iran.
 Philocryptica is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Eupithecia subconclusaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Paradros is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Sphindidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 Cycloramphus dubius is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Deuterocopus famulus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found on the Moluccas.
 Semibalanus balanoides is a common and widespread boreo-arctic species of acorn barnacle. It is common on rocks and other substrates in the intertidal zone of north-western Europe and both coasts of North America.
 Bittium proteum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Opeatostoma is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Brusqeulia costispina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Espitiro Santo).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish sprinkled with greyish. The suffusions and strigulae are grey. The hindwings are brownish grey but transparent and pale in the basal half.
 Megadenus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Spotted pipefish Nerophis maculatus is a species of Pipefishes found in the Eastern Atlantic: Portugal and Azores Mediterranean Sea especially numerous in its western part and the Adriatic Sea. Ovoviviparous marine subtropical coastal fish up to 15 cm maximal length. It is inhabits rocky sites of coast also in aquatic plants and algae at depth up to 50 m.
 Common names: Andean lancehead.Bothrops andianus is a venomous pitviper species endemic to the Andes in South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Notoplax aupouria is a very rare species of chiton in the family Acanthochitonidae.
 The Bahamas sawshark Pristiophorus schroederi is a sawshark of the family Pristiophoridae found in the western Central Atlantic Ocean from the Bahamas and Cuba at depths of between 400 and 1000 m. These sharks are at least 80 cm long.The Bahamas sawshark is found on continental and insular slopes. Its reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Amata phoenicia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
 Ectoedemia haraldi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in the Mediterranean Region from the Iberian Peninsula and southern France to Greece. It is also found on Corsica and Crete.The wingspan is 5.8-7.1 mm. Adults are on wing from April to June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera Quercus ilex Quercus ilex rotundifolia and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a straight corridor.
 Osgood's Rat (Rattus osgoodi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Vietnam. Its name references Wilfred Hudson Osgood.
 Draculoides bramstokeri is a small troglobite Australian arachnid. Often mistaken for a spider D. bramstokeri is a schizomid — a small soil-dwelling invertebrate that walks on six legs and uses two modified front legs as feelers. It uses large fang-like pedipalps or pincers to grasp invertebrate prey and crunch it into pieces before sucking out the juices.
 Cochylis serrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).The wingspan is about 10.5 mm. The forewing ground colour is whitish with some indistinctbrownish cream suffusions and brown strigulation. The markings are brownish with brown dots and strigulae. The hindwings are whitish with brownish strigulation and terminal suffusion.
 Oregocerata zonalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province and Bolivar Province).
 The reticulated poison frog (Ranitomeya ventrimaculata) known in French as dendrobate à ventre tacheté is a species of poison dart frog. It is native to South America where it can be found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana and Peru. It lives in tropical rainforests in trees and sometimes on the ground. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Liptena helena the Red-spot False Dots is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 Paracathartes is a genus of extinct bird from the Wasachtian horizon of lower Eocene Wyoming USA. One species Paracathartes howardae has been described.It is a paleognathous bird turkey-like in stature and size that probably resembled a tinamou quite closely.Parachathartes was described by Harrison as the earliest known cathartid vulture. Rich criticized this assignment.
 Eudendrium maldivense is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 The Buff-spotted Flameback (Chrysocolaptes lucidus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found on the Philippine Islands of Bohol Leyte Samar Biliran Panaon Mindanao Basilan and Samal Islands. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Greater Flameback.
 The Walnut shoot moth (Acrobasis demotella) is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in the United States from Ontario south to North Carolina and west to Missouri and Michigan.The wingspan is 20-24 mm.The larva feed on Juglans species Carya illinoinensis and other Carya species.
 Cyclura carinata bartschi commonly known as Bartsch's iguana or the Booby Cay iguana is a subspecies of lizard of the genus Cyclura endemic to a single cay Booby Cay in The Bahamas .
 Cercocladia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Phaeomorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista baldizzonella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Spain and Austria.
 Monoloxis graphitalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Monoloxis. It was described by C. Felder R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in Brazil (including Amazonas the type location).
 For other species commonly referred to as the brown snake see brown snake.Storeria dekayi commonly known as the brown snake or De Kay's snake is a small species of colubrid snake.
 Rhipha uniformis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana Surinam and Bolivia.
 Mordella astuta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Arenostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tortricopsis aulacois is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland Tasmania and Victoria.The larvae probably feed on Callitris species because adults have been recorded on this plant.
 Typhlops catapontus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The Pacific Flatbill (Rhynchocyclus pacificus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cinctipora elegans is a bryozoan species in the genus Cinctipora found in shallow sea-bed around New Zealand. Fossils of the species are also known.
 Harpidae common name the harp snails is a taxonomic family of large predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks.
 Epicyme is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 Merica asperella common name the elegant nutmeg is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Diard's Trogon (Harpactes diardii) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cosmetidae with around 700 species is the second most diverse family of the Suborder Laniatores. They are distributed from Argentina to southern USA most diverse in northern South America Central America and Mexico. This Nearctic-Neotropical family comprises Opiliones with elaborate white/yellow/green/orange/red stripes and spots on the dorsal scutum and peculiar pedipalps strongly compressed and applied on the chelicerae.
 Microsphecia brosiformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from the Balkan Peninsula to the Crimea southern Russia (Sarepta) Asia Minor the Caucasus Iran Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.The larvae feed on the roots of Convolvulus species including Convolvulus arvensis.
 Somatochlora calverti is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitats are rivers and swamps.
 The Balkan Clouded Yellow (Colias caucasica) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in W. Caucasus and N.E. Turkey
 Linckia guildingi also called the common comet star Guilding's sea star or the green Linckia is a species of sea star found in the shallow waters of the tropical Pacific Ocean Indian Ocean Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
 Nembrotha megalocera is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. It was first described in 1990.
 Crimnologa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Aprosdoceta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Acodia.
 Yamaceratops is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous. It was a primitive ceratopsian which lived in the Gobi Desert of Mongolia. Initially the rocks it was found in were thought to be from the Early Cretaceous but the age was reevaluted in 2009.The type species Yamaceratops dorngobiensis was described by P. J. Makovicky and M. A. Norell in September 2006.
 Cholomiza is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eleutherocarpida is a stalked jellyfish suborder in the class Staurozoa order Stauromedusae.
 Antilurga is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Damias postexpansa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The yellow-footed tortoise (Chelonoidis denticulata formerly Geochelone denticulata) is a species of tortoise in the family Testudinidae and is closely related to the red-footed tortoise (C. carbonaria).
 Herbstia is a genus of crabs containing the following eleven species:Herbstia camptacantha (Stimpson 1871)Herbstia condyliata (Fabricius 1787)Herbstia crassipes (H. Milne-Edwards 1873)Herbstia depressa Stimpson 1860Herbstia edwardsii Bell 1835Herbstia nitida Manning & Holthuis 1981Herbstia parvifrons Randall 1840Herbstia pubescens Stimpson 1871Herbstia pyriformis (Bell 1835)Herbstia rubra A. Milne-Edwards 1869Herbstia tumida (Stimpson 1871)↑
 Phyllonorycter encaeria is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa where it has been recorded from Pretoria and the suburbs of Cape Town.The length of the forewings is 2.3–2.5 mm. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is ochreous with white markings consisting of very short basal streak two fascia two costal strigulae and one dorsal strigula. The hindwings are pale grey with a fringe of the same colour.
 Leucanopsis oruba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Colombia and Brazil.
 Scopula candidaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Teretiopsis nodicarinatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Thuridilla gracilis is a species of sea slug a sacoglossan a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae. It is an Indo-Pacific species that lives in or near coral reefs and eats algae.
 Nemophora karafutonis is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Matsumura in 1932. It is found in the Russian Far East and Japan.The length of the forewings is 7-8.5 mm for males and 7-7.5 mm for females.
 Turbonilla regina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cacozeliana is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Argyresthia ruidosa is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including New Mexico.Adults are pale golden in colour.
 Gastrogmus ischialis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Gastrogmus.
 Orthaga mangiferae is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in India.
 Chlorhoda albolimbata the Flashing Footman is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.If disturbed adults flash open their wings revealing their bright blood-red hindwings and abdomen presumably to ward of predators.
 Spulerina virgulata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū).The wingspan is 7–9 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus acutissima Quercus serrata and Quercus variabilis. They mine the stem of their host plant.
 Eulima inconspicua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Aemene taeniata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East (Middle Amur Primorye) and Korea.
 Brachinus patruelis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Massachusetts United States. The species is black coloured with orange head and legs.
 Rhodnius nasutus is a Chagas disease vector native to the northeast of Brazil. It is primarily associated with the Copernicia prunifera palm tree (Carnauba). In 2006 and 2007 the species was documented to use Licania rigida trees (Oiticica) in suburban areas of Jaguaruana Ceará.
 Trypeta longipennis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Niobichthys ferrarisi is the only species of the monotypic genus Niobichthys of loricariid catfish (order Siluriformes). N. ferrarisi is classified in the tribe Hypoptopomatini within the subfamily Hypoptopomatinae. This fish reaches a length of 7.0 centimetres (2.8 in) SL. This species is endemic to Venezuela and occurs in the upper Baria River and the Rio Negro basin.
 Tasmanogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh marine and brackish waters along the coasts of southern Australia and Tasmania.
 Opharus laudia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1890. It is found in Trinidad and Venezuela.
 Leptopelis genus of frogs found throughout Africa. They are medium-sized semiarboreal frogs with distinctively large eyes. They vary greatly in color and patterning but as juveniles tend to be bright green in color and as they age they turn to a brown. There are 49 species currently recognized but most are not well understood and their taxonomic status can vary greatly by source. They have a number of common names including forest tree frogs leaf frogs and big-eyed frogs.
 Eudonia oxythyma is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Plusargyria was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Thalaina.
 Phalangodoidea is a superfamily of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with three recognized families and 220 species. It is not to be confused with the similar spelled subfamily Phalangioidea which is also a harvestman superfamily but within the infraorder Eupnoi.
 Greya obscura is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found from south-western Oregon to the San Garbriel Mountains and the southern Sierra Nevada of California. The habitat consists of grassy portions of open oak woodland.The wingspan is 10.5-19 mm. The forewings are grey to light brown in males and dark stramineous or with a slight bronzy iridescence in females.
 Hylophorbus rufescens is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The Fergusson Island form which may be distinct from H. rufescens proper is infected by the nematode Moaciria moraveci.
 For the Seattle band featuring Rocky Votolato see Waxwing (band). For the Detroit band featuring Dean Fertita see The Waxwings.The waxwings form the genus Bombycilla of passerine birds. According to most authorities this is the only genus placed in the family Bombycillidae although Phainoptila is sometimes included.
 Navasota is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1887.
 Erosaria ocellata common name the ocellate cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Suillia pilimana is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Fulvoclysia nerminae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Russia Asia Minor and most of Europe.The wingspan is 21-27 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed within the stem and roots of Scabiosa species. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Procecidochares delta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Procecidochares of the family Tephritidae.
 Rachana is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Amplinus bituberculosus is a species of millipede in the family Cyrtodesmidae that is endemic to San Vito Costa Rica where it was found on 17–18 April 1972.
 Ephyrodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. Many Noctuidae species are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae.
 The Drysdale grunter (Syncomistes rastellus) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family. It is endemic to Australia where it occurs in the Gibb and Drysdale Rivers coastal rivers in northern Western Australia.
 Cymatium hepaticum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Stictoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rhacophorus hoanglienensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Vietnam and possibly China. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euglossa dilemma the green orchid bee or dilemma orchid bee is a species of solitary euglossine bee native to a broad area of Central America and recently introduced to Florida in the United States. It was first detected in Broward County Florida in 2003 and initially identified as Euglossa viridissima but further study revealed that E. viridissima as previously defined consisted of two cryptic species and the one present in Florida was new to science.
 Gangamela is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Prays caenobitella is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family.
 Monoceratuncus cristatus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Eupithecia dzhirgatalensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tajikistan and Pakistan.
 The North Pacific right whale (Eubalaena japonica) is a very large robust baleen whale species that is now extremely rare and endangered. The Northeast Pacific subpopulation which summers in the southeastern Bering Sea and Gulf of Alaska may have no more than 50 animals. A western subpopulation that summers in the Sea of Okhotsk between the Kuril Islands and Sakhalin Island appears to number in the low hundreds of animals. Prior to commercial whaling in the North Pacific (i.e.
 The Emperor Goose (Chen canagica) is a species of goose. It breeds around the Bering Sea mostly in Alaska USA but also in Kamchatka Russia.
 Tortricosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Cucullia improba is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the south-eastern Caucasus Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Iran Afghanistan Turkey Jordan and Israel.Adults are on wing from March to April. There is one generation per year.The larvae probably feed on Artemisia species.
 Phoca is a genus of the earless seals within the family Phocidae. It now contains just two species the common seal and the spotted seal (or Largha seal). Several species formerly listed under this genus have been split into the genera Pusa Pagophilus and Histriophoca. For this reason the fossil history of the genus is unclear and it has formerly been used as wastebasket taxon for a number of fossils of uncertain affinity.
 Bosara dilatata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia Sulawesi and in New Guinea.
 The Whimbrel (Numenius phaeopus) is a wader in the large family Scolopacidae. It is one of the most widespread of the curlews breeding across much of subarctic North America Europe and Asia as far south as Scotland.This is a migratory species wintering on coasts in Africa South America south Asia into Australasia and southern North America. It is also a coastal bird during migration. It is fairly gregarious outside the breeding season.
 Nannoarctia obliquifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma Thailand Vietnam the Malay Peninsula and southern China (southern Sichuan Yunnan Guangxi Guangdong and Hainan).
 The Lobatse hinge-back tortoise (Kinixys lobatsiana) is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family. It is found in Southern Africa. Originally a subspecies of Bell's hinge-back tortoise (Kinixys belliana) this southern African tortoise was elevated to full species status by herpetologist Broadley in 1993.
 The blackspotted catshark Halaelurus buergeri is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found from Japan Korea China and Taiwan between latitudes 39° N and 20° N at depths of between 80 and 100 m. Its length is up to 49 cm.
 Sjöstedt's Greenbul (Baeopogon clamans) also known as the White-tailed Greenbul is a species of songbird in the bulbul family Pycnonotidae. The common name commemorates the Swedish ornithologist Bror Yngve Sjöstedt.
 The New Zealand flounder Rhombosolea plebeia is a righteye flounder of the genus Rhombosolea found around New Zealand in shallow waters down to depths of 100 m. Their length is from 25 to 45 cm.
 Acalyptris kizilkumi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Falkovitsh in 1986. It is known from Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Kintana is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Black-capped Woodland Warbler (Phylloscopus herberti) is a leaf warbler species in the family Phylloscopidae; it was formerly placed in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Alvania fractospira is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Red Groundling Moth or Pied Groundling Moth (Perigea xanthioides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Canada to Brazil and on Jamaica.The wingspan is about 29 mm.The larvae feed on Vernonia and Eutrochium species.
 The Cantor's giant softshell turtle (Pelochelys cantorii) or Asian giant softshell turtle is a species of freshwater turtle. The turtle has a broad head and small eyes close to the tip of its snout. The carapace is smooth and olive-colored. Juveniles may have dark-spotted carapaces and heads with yellow around the carapace.Cantor's giant soft-shelled turtles can grow up to 6 ft (about 2 m) in length. P.
 Griveaudia nigropuncta is a species of moth of the Callidulidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Acanthodela erythrosema is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania and Victoria.The larvae have feed on the dead leaves of Eucalyptus species. They live in flat oval case in dead leaves.
 Peritrichocera is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Belle Mahone (foaled 1914 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1917 King's Plate Canada's most prestigious race and North America's oldest annually run stakes race.Bred and raced by Canada's preeminent owner/breeder distilling magnate Joseph E. Seagram Belle Mahone was sired by Ypsilanti an American grandson of the British runner Galopin winner of the 1875 Epsom Derby and a three-time Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland.
 Scoliacma ligneofusca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Papua New Guinea. The habitat consists of coastal lowland areas.
 Redigobius is a genus of fish in the goby family Gobiidae known commonly as dualspot gobies. They are native to the western Indo-Pacific region where they occur in estuaries and freshwater habitats just above the tidal influence.Some of these gobies are abundant fish species. The most widespread is the speckled goby (R. bikolanus) which occurs throughout the western Pacific Ocean and from Australia to Africa. Some Redigobius are kept as aquarium pets. The Fijian endemic Lever's goby (R.
 Trombidium is a genus of mite with about 30 described species. The best known is the Palearctic T. holosericeum.
 Eolactoria sorbinii is an extinct prehistoric boxfish that lived during the Lutetian epoch of the middle Eocene in Monte Bolca. It had two pairs of long spines one over each eye and one pair beneath the anal and caudal fins arranged very similarly to those possessed by the modern genus Lactoria (e.g. cowfish) but were in comparison much longer. E.
 Coleophora glaucella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The larvae feed on the leaves of Arctostaphylos glauca. They create a spatulate leaf case.
 Sphinctomyrmex stali (named after the Swedish entomologist Carl Stål) is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Cerapachyinae. Mayr described the genus Sphinctomyrmex with S. stali as its type species based on a single dealate gyne. However except for the holotype there are no records of normal (alate) gynes for S. stali. All reproductive females collected after the original description are ergatoids.
 Thylacoptila is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1885.
 †Angrobia dulvertonensis was a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species was endemic to Australia. Note: All the species in this genus now appear to have been transferred to the genus Austropyrgus.
 Nipponagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Nipponagonum amphinomus (Bates 1883) Nipponagonum askellek Morvan 1998 Nipponagonum hakonum (Harold 1878) Nipponagonum meridies (Habu 1975) Nipponagonum minamikawai (Habu 1959) Nipponagonum nepalense Morvan 1998↑
 Hymenochirus boettgeri also known as Congo dwarf clawed frog or African dwarf frog is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in central Africa. This species is also bred and sold as aquatic pets. As pets African dwarf frogs can live peacefully among other fish in an aquarium.
 The spine-fingered tree frog Charadrahyla trux is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Southern Wainscot (Mythimna straminea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the western parts of the Palearctic ecozone including Morocco Europe Turkey the Caucasus Israel and LebanonThe wingspan is 32 to 40 millimetres (1.3 to 1.6 in). The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Phragmites and Phalaris..
 Limnocottus pallidus is a deepwater sculpin. It was described by Dmitrii Nikolaevich Taliev in 1948. It is a freshwater fish which is endemic to Lake Baikal Russia. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 150-1000 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 13.1 centimetres while females can reach a maximum TL of 14.6 cm. L. pallidus can reach a maximum weight of 16 grams and can live up to 12 years.
 Asperdaphne is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Black-capped Vireo (Vireo atricapilla) is a small bird native to the United States and Mexico. It has been listed as an endangered species in the United States since 1987. The IUCN lists the species as vulnerable.The Black-capped Vireo is a songbird about 12 cm (4.5 inches ) in length. Sexually mature males are olive green above and white below with faint yellow flanks. The crown and upper half of the head is black with a partial white eye-ring and lores.
 Terpnomyia citrivitta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Terpnomyia of the family Tephritidae.
 Drymaeus serperastrus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.
 Ectoedemia leptodictyae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Rhus leptodictyae.
 Heterodera cajani (Pigeonpea cyst nematode Cowpea cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode who is cited as an invasive species.
 Pyrgulina alveata is a species of very small sea snail a pyramidellid gastropod micromollusk. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae of the family Pyramidellidae.
 Euparkerella tridactyla is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amblysaphes striatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Amblysaphes.
 Kermia thorssoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Elachista gemadella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Thallarcha leptographa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1899. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales and Queensland.
 Cirriemblemaria lucasana the Plume blenny is a species of pikeblenny found in coral reefs in the Gulf of California. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton. It and can reach a maximum length of 4 centimetres (1.6 in) TL.
 Sympistis tenuifascia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Canada near the treeline.The wingspan ranges from 22–26 mm.
 The North Borneo stream toad Ansonia fuliginea is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family endemic to Malaysia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Wanlessia sedgwicki is a species of jumping spider that is endemic to northwestern Borneo.Males have a body length of 3.2 mm. The carapace is dark yellowish brown.
 Euphaedra semipreussiana the Korup Orange Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Eupithecia thessa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Lobaunia danubialis is a species of minute freshwater spring snails aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.This species is endemic to Austria.
 The Chestnut-crowned Foliage-gleaner (Automolus rufipileatus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.
 Dialectica rendalli is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Jamaica Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands (Saint Croix and Saint Thomas).The larvae feed on Hibiscus rosa-sinensis. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Antichloris affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It was described from Teffe in the Amazons.
 Petroscirtes ancylodon the Arabian fangblenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean as well as Iskenderun Bay in the Mediterranean Sea. Males of this species reaches a length of 11.5 centimetres (4.5 in) TL while females reach a maximum length of 7.9 centimetres (3.1 in) SL.
 Paracles fervida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Rhabdolichops is a genus of glass knifefishes found in tropical South America. There are currently 10 species in this genus.
 Urgedra is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. The genus contains about 20 described species occurring from Colombia south to Bolivia.
 Eucereon consorta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica and Peru.
 Xyroptila dohertyi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family which is endemic to western Thailand.
 Cytora hispida is a species of very small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod molluscs in the family Pupinidae.
 Palaina kubaryi is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Diarsia cia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 36-39 mm.
 Nordenosaurus is an extinct genus of crocodilian. When first named in 1973 the genus was thought to be a squamate and was assigned to the family Xenosauridae. A single frontal bone was found from the Norden Bridge locality of the lower Valentine Formation in Brown County Nebraska thought to date back to the late Miocene. The size of the bone was initially taken as evidence that it was a giant xenosaurid. The specific name of the type species N.
 Percolaus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Percolaus championi Bates 1882 Percolaus guillermo (Ball & Roughley 1982)↑
 Scotorythra rara is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Acacia koa Cheirodendron gaudichaudii Cibotium Cyrtandra Elaeocarpus guava Metrosideros Melicope Pipturus Rubus hawaiiensis Sapindus Straussia and Vaccinium.
 Deuterocopus ritsemae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka Borneo the Moluccas and New Guinea.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The head is ferruginous and the antennae are dull ferruginous delicately spotted along their upper side with white. The thorax is ferruginous with two ill-defined yellowish-white spots. The forewings are bright shining ferruginous.
 Janiodes is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Pasiphila sandycias is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 Agyrtacantha is a genus of dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae.The genus contains the following species:Agyrtacantha dirupta (Karsch 1889) - Trifid DusthawkerAgyrtacantha microstigma (Selys 1878)Agyrtacantha othello Lieftinck 1942Agyrtacantha tumidula Lieftinck 1937↑ ↑
 Callosciurus is a genus of squirrels collectively referred to as the beautiful squirrels. They are found mainly in Southeast Asia though a few species also occur in Nepal northeastern India Bangladesh and southern China. Several of the species have settled on islands. In total the genus contains 15 species and numerous varieties and subspecies. The genera Glyphotes Rubrisciurus and Tamiops have sometimes been included in Callosciurus.
 Panalipa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Mordellistena rufifrons is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Schilsky in 1894.
 Hemispingus is a genus of warbler-like tanagers. They are found in highland forest in South America especially in the Andes.
 Pilsbryspira flucki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Fiscal Flycatcher (Sigelus silens) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family. It is a resident breeder in Botswana South Africa Lesotho Mozambique and Swaziland and a vagrant to Namibia. It is the only member of the genus Sigelus.This species is found in subtropical open woodland dry savanna shrubland and suburban gardens.
 The black musk deer or dusky musk deer (Moschus fuscus) is a species of even-toed ungulate in the Moschidae family. It is found in Bhutan China India Myanmar and Nepal.
 The dark shyshark or pretty Happy (Haploblepharus pictus) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae endemic to the temperate waters off southern Namibia and western South Africa. It is benthic in nature and inhabits shallow inshore waters and favors rocky reefs and kelp forests. Growing to 60 cm (24 in) long this small stocky shark has a wide flattened head with a rounded snout and a large flap of skin extending from before the nostrils to the mouth.
 The Bursidae common name frog snails or frog shells are a rather small taxonomic family of large sea snails marine gastropod predatory snails in the clade Littorinimorpha.
 Bathyraja is a large genus of skates in the family Rajidae.
 Elachista nolckeni is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Estonia to the Pyrenees and Italy and from France to Poland and Slovakia.The wingspan is 8–10 millimetres (0.31–0.39 in).The larvae feed on Phleum phleoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts a narrow gallery that ascends from the base of the leaf to nearly the tip. It then descends forming a pale green inflated blotch. Pupation takes place under the ground.
 Altolamprologus is a small genus of pseudocrenilabrine cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in eastern Africa. They inhabit areas of the lake with large amounts of rock most frequently in water two to ten metres in depth. Two formally described species comprise this genus with perhaps one dwarf A. compressiceps-like species being considered an unedescribed species by some.
 The black snakehead Channa melasoma is a species of snakehead native to Thailand Indonesia the Philippines and Singapore. This commercially important species reaches a length of 30 cm (12 in).
 Gypsochares baptodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that can be found in Italy Sardinia Corsica Slovenia and Croatia.The larvae possibly feed on Helichrysum italicum.
 The Blue Mockingbird (Melanotis caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Mimidae family. It is endemic to Mexico but has occurred as a vagrant in the southern United States. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.The Blue Mockingbird is uniformly blue on its back tail wings head and underbelly.
 Paddle-tailed Darner (Aeshna palmata) is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is common throughout eastern Canada and United States. It's named after its distinctive paddle-shaped appendages. It lives in many habitats particularly lakes ponds and slow streams usually with dense shore vegetation. Aeshna palmata was scientifically described for the first time in 1856 by Hermann Hagen.
 Provocator mirabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Zempoaltepec (Peromyscus melanocarpus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 Paramesolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.
 Copidosoma floridanum is a species of chalcid wasp in the subfamily Plusiinae and is primarily a parasitoid of moths. It has the largest recorded brood of any parasitoidal insect at 3055 individuals. Their life cycle begins when a female oviposits into the eggs of a suitable host species laying one or two eggs per host. Each egg divides and develops into a brood of multiple individuals a phenomenon called polyembryony.
 Pteronotropis is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to the United States. There are currently nine species in this genus.
 Entomocorus radiosus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Paraguay in the pantanal region of Mato Grosso. It is the smallest known member of its genus growing to a length of 5.3 cm. It can be distinguished from its congeners because its anal fin base is longer and has more branched anal fin rays. E.
 Pheidole janzeni is a species of ant discovered and described by Longino J. T. in 2009.
 Periclimenes affinis is a species of shrimp found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It was first named by Leo Zehntner in 1894.
 Centrocnemidinae is a subfamily of the reduviid (assassin bugs) found exclusively on tree trunks. Their bodies camouflage well with tree trunks. There are four genera with about 34 species described.
 The Brown Snake Eagle (Circaetus cinereus) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. found in Southern and Eastern Africa in countries such as Sudan South Africa Mauritania and Senegal. The Brown Snake Eagle feeds mainly with snakes being able to kill poisonous snakes such as cobras. They have natural protection against bites with thick skin on legs. Besides snakes the Brown Snake Eagle feeds with lizards and even small mammals.
 Hipposideros thomensis is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and caves.
 Hypotia leonalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Oberthür in 1887 and is known from Algeria and Tunisia.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Atriplex halimus.
 The Rufous-breasted Warbling Finch (Poospiza rubecula) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The hornyhead chub Nocomis biguttatus is a small species of minnow (Cyprinidae family). It mainly inhabits small rivers and streams. The range of this fish is the northern central USA up into Canada. The adults inhabit faster rocky pools of rivers.
 Eutropis bibronii is a species of skink endemic to India and Sri Lanka.
 Neopolyptychus centralis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Central African Republic.
 Cranopsis ibarrai is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater marshes and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calappa is a genus of crabs known commonly as box crabs or shame-faced crabs. The name box crab comes from their distinctly bulky carapace and the name shame-faced is from anthropomorphising the way the crab's chelae (claws) fold up and cover its face as if it were hiding its face in shame.
 Acmaeodera is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae a group of metallic wood-boring beetles favored by insect collectors. Whereas most beetles including most buprestids fly with their elytra held out and vibrating their hindwings to give lift and thrust the Acmaedodera however fly with their hindwings only— the elytra are fused down the center and form a shield over the insect's abdomen even during flight.
 Sarangesa sati the Tiny Flat is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in India (the Kutch district). The species is alternatively listed as a race or subspecies of Sarangesa purendra.
 Acrocercops phaeospora is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916. The hostplants for the species include Vigna mungo Vigna unguiculata Cleistocalyx operculatus Eugenia cumini Eugenia jambolana Syzygium littorale Madhuca latifolia and Theobroma cacao.
 Mordellistena zimmermani is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1949.
 Timandromorpha discolor is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Asia including India Thailand and Taiwan.The wingspan is 46–58 mm.
 The Aztec Fruit-eating Bat (Artibeus aztecus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Panama.
 Heterolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Steinmann in The Animal Kingdom.
 Syndetodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tarsiger is a genus of six species of birds in the family Muscicapidae. They are small mostly brightly coloured insectivorous birds native to Asia and (one species) northeastern Europe; four of the six species are confined to the Sino-Himalayan mountain system.
 Western Atlantic seabream Archosargus rhomboidalis is an ocean-going species of fish in the family Sparidae. It was first described in 1758 by the “father of modern taxonomy” Carolus Linnaeus in the 10th edition of his book Systema Naturae. Within their native range Western Atlantic seabream are also known as the seabream brim tropical sheepshead chopa amarilla or salema.
 Argentinomyia is a small genus of hoverflies.
 Pinacocerus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Hydrelia brunneifasciata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia through Washington to California.
 Senticolis triaspis also known as green rat snake is a long (160 cm) green or olive green snake with the light yellow ventral side. They usually inhabit evergreen forests and grassland. They are well distributed in the Baboquivari Pajarito Atascosa Santa Rita Empire Patagonia Chiricahua Swisshelm Pedregosa and Peloncillo mountains of southeastern Arizona. Senticolis triaspis consume small animals such as lizards killing them by deadly constriction. They are primarily diurnal.
 The Eared nightjars are a small group of nocturnal birds in the nightjar family although the taxonomy is uncertain. There are seven species mainly found in forest and scrub from China to Australia. 5 species are placed in the genus Eurostopodus the other two species in Lyncornis. They are long winged birds with plumage patterned with grey and brown to camouflage them when resting on the ground. They feed on insects caught in flight.
 Copeina is a genus of pencilfishes found in the Amazon basin. The two described species are: Copeina guttata (Steindachner 1876) (redspotted tetra) Copeina osgoodi C. H. Eigenmann 1922↑
 The Olivaceous Thornbill (Chalcostigma olivaceum) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Blastodacna is a genus of moths of the Elachistidae family.
 Hindsiclava appelii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Crypsina is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Aithorape is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Sus strozzi was a species of pig native to the Mediterranean region of Europe. It was more primitive than the modern boar and was eventually displaced by the latter when it entered Europe during the start of the Pleistocene 1 Mya.
 Loxostege manualis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Sweden Germany Austria Switzerland France Spain Italy Hungary Bosnia and Herzegovina Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Albania Greece and Russia.The wingspan is 19–23 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on Achillea millefolium.
 Turbonilla pauperata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The mata mata mata-mata or matamata (Chelus fimbriata) is a freshwater turtle found in South America primarily in the Amazon and Orinoco basins. It is the only extant species in the genus Chelus.
 Ornipholidotos kennedyi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Forest Elaenia (Myiopagis gaimardii) is a small passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds from Panama through Colombia Venezuela and the Guianas to Bolivia and Brazil. It also occurs on Trinidad.This species is found in forests and the edges of mangrove swamps. The nest is a shallow cup of roots bark and grass built in a tree. The typical clutch is two cream-coloured eggs marked with rufous and lavender.The adult Forest Elaenia is 12.7 cm long and weighs 12.2g.
 Lophophelma erionoma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Hunan Guangxi Zhejiang Fujian Jiangxi Hainan Sichuan) the north-eastern Himalaya and Sundaland. The habitat consists of lower montane and upper montane forests.Adults are reddish brown with a whitish area just distal to the posterior curvature of the forewing postmedial.
 Synemon notha is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia.The head body and forewings are dark brown. The latter irrorated and smeared in parts with greyish white scales leaving some dark more or less indistinct transverse bands although more distinct in the females than in the males. There is also a central broad band a short band from the costa a patch on the costa close to the apex and two incomplete bands of short streaks.
 Zera is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The White-necklaced Partridge (Arborophila gingica) also known as the Collared Hill-partridge is a vulnerable species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is endemic to hill and mountain forests in southeastern China. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lacalma papuensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lacalma. It was described by Warren in 1891 and is known from New Guinea and Australia.
 Eutelephia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.Type species: Eutelephia aureopicta
 Guyotemaimetsha is an extinct genus of wasp which existed in France during the Cretaceous period. The only species is Guyotemaimetsha enigmatica.
 Barilius chatricensis is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in India.
 Neurogomphus dissimilis is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Malawi Namibia Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Microcotyle is a genus which belongs to the phylum Platyhelminthes and class Monogenea. It is an ectoparasite that affects its host by attaching itself as a larva on the gills of the fish and grows into adult stage. This larval stage of Microcotyle is called oncomiracidium and is characterized as free swimming and ciliated. Microcotyle is considered as a monogenetic parasite having only one host in its entire life cycle.
 Abaciscus stellifera is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Warren 1896 originally under the name Enantiodes stellifera. It is known from the north-eastern Himalaya.
 The Lake Chad gerbil or Lake Chad tateril Taterillus lacustris is a species of gerbil found in Cameroon and Nigeria. Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and arable land.
 Paragortonia discoidea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linsley in 1935.
 Chimaera monstrosa also known as the rabbit fish or rat fish is a species of fish in the Chimaeridae family.
 The White-chested Tinkerbird (Pogoniulus makawai) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.It is endemic to the Zambezian Cryptosepalum dry forests of Zambia. It is only known from 1 specimen collected in 1964.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 The striped rocksnail scientific name Leptoxis vittata was a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 The Black-fronted Dotterel (Elseyornis melanops) is a small slender plover widespread throughout most of Australia to which it is native and New Zealand where it self-introduced in the 1950s. It is common in freshwater wetlands around the edges of lakes and billabongs and in shallow temporary claypan pools.
 Chione californiensis common name the California venus is a species of medium-sized edible saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae the venus clams. This species was eaten by the indigenous peoples of California.
 The Golden-tailed Woodpecker (Campethera abingoni) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Malawi Mali Mauritania Mozambique Namibia Rwanda Senegal South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Platyposaurus was a Temnospondyli amphibian from the late Permian period about 255-250 Mya.One of the discoveries includes a skull 28 cm long with a purported body length of 250 cm representing a carnivorous adult specimen.The fossil remains were found in Belebey Bashkortostan in Russia and the name Platyposaurus means flat faced reptile.
 Nola apicalis is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1903. It is found in Ghana Nigeria and Uganda.
 Mordella militaris is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1939.
 The Orchard Ermine (Yponomeuta padella) is a lepidoptera from the family Yponomeutidae the Ermine moths. The wingspan ranges from 19 to 22 mm.It is also known as the Cherry Ermine.The flight time ranges from July to August. The moth is attracted to light.Similar species (also destructive pests): Apple Ermine Moth (AEM) Yponomeuta malinellus Bird-cherry Ermine Yponomeuta evonymella↑
 Wilemaniella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hydrillodes truncata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 Horisme corticata is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found from Denmark up to Poland Austria Hungary and Romania and from central Italy the Balkan and Anatolia up to the Caucasus and Southern Russia.The wingspan is 26–28 mm. The moths fly from April to September depending on the location.The larva feed on Clematis vitalba Clematis viticella and Anemone sylvestris.
 Teinoptila interruptella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in south-east Asia including the Philippines and Queensland.
 Oreoglanis macronemus is a species of sisorid catfish. It is known only from four preserved specimens collected from the Xiangkhoang Plateau northern Laos by an expedition led by Jean Théodore Delacour in the mid-1920s and misidentified as Euchiloglanis sp.
 Micropterix igaloensis is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Amsel in 1951. It is only known from Montenegro.The length of the forewings is about 4 mm.
 Mauritius upland forest day gecko (Phelsuma guimbeaui rosagularis Vinson & Vinson 1969) is a diurnal subspecies of geckos. It lives in the upland forest of Mauritius and typically inhabits large trees. The Mauritius upland forest day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 Retinia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Dinodontosaurus (meaning terrible-toothed lizard) is a genus of dicynodont therapsid. It was one of the largest herbivores of the Triassic (about 8 feet (2.4 m) long and weighing a few hundred pounds) and had a beak corneum. It lived in the Middle Triassic but disappeared in the Upper Triassic.
 Phalonidia claudia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white cream sprinkled and partially suffused with brownish. The markings are pale brown. The hindwings are white cream.
 Dendrophilia henanensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by H.H. Li and Z.M. Zheng in 1998. It is found in China (Henan).
 Chirodropida is an order of box jellyfishes. They can be distinguished from other box jellyfish by the presence of branched muscular bases at the corners of their cubic umbrella and of small saccules associated with the gastric cavity. They typically have multiple tentacles at each corner.
 The Embi mole rat (Tachyoryctes spalacinus) is a species of rodents in the Spalacidae family endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna arable land pastureland plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
 Lichnoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bicyclus sebetus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Uganda Burundi western Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of dense lowland forests.Adults are attracted to fermenting bananas.
 Mimocrypta is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species Mimocrypta hampsoni which is known from Uganda.
 Mordellina unistrigosa is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 Ashibusa aculeata is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in China.
 Dynomiella is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae. All known species are Afrotropical.
 Gymnelia torquatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Brazil.
 Ampelophaga rubiginosa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Bremer and Grey in 1853. It is found from north-eastern Afghanistan east around the southern margin of the Himalaya to Yunnan then throughout China to the Russian Far East the Korean Peninsula and Japan. It is also found south through Thailand and Vietnam to Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia.The wingspan is 72–100 mm. There is one generation per year in north-eastern China with adults on wing from June to August.
 Cliona viridis commonly called the green boring sponge is a species of demosponge in the family Clionaidae. Its form varies according to the nature of the surface on which it grows. In limestone and other calcareous substrates it excavates channels and chambers while on other types of rock it encrusts the surface or forms massive structures. It is native to the eastern Atlantic the Mediterranean Sea and the Indo-Pacific Ocean.
 Pisidia is a genus of marine porcelain crabs comprising the following species:
 Melieria occulta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 Tetragonus is a genus of moths of the Callidulidae family.
 Melchiorites is a desmoceratid ammonite genus included in the subfamily Puzosiinae. Member species are characterized by an essentially evolute shell in which the early whorls are smooth with sinous radial or oblique constrictions but in which later whorls have feeble intermediate ribs on the outer part of the sides and venter. Melchioites is known from Lower Cretaceous of Europe north Africa and California. The type species Melchiorites melchioris is from the Upper Albian of France.
 Cosmisoma lineellum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 The Papuan Frogmouth (Podargus papuensis) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family.
 Turbonilla louiseae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pseudantheraea is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Craterodiscus is a genus of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.
 The New Guinea Friarbird (Philemon buceroides novaeguineae) also known as the Papuan Friarbird is a bird in the Meliphagidae or honeyeater family. Many taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies of the Helmeted Friarbird although some consider it to be a distinct species.
 Mordella nigripes is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Psilogramma lukhtanovi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 Moggridgea tingle also called the Tingle trapdoor spider is a small basal spider endemic to the tingle and karri forest of southwestern Australia. This migid was first recorded in the 1990s.
 Atrephes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Geosaurus is an extinct genus of marine crocodyliform within the family Metriorhynchidae that lived during the Late Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous. Geosaurus was a carnivore that spent much if not all its life out at sea. No Geosaurus eggs or nests have been discovered so little is known of the reptile's lifecycle unlike other large marine reptiles of the Mesozoic such as plesiosaurs or ichthyosaurs which are known to give birth to live young out at sea.
 Glyphipterix hyperlampra is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 Mordellistena epidendrana is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1937 by Ray.
 Ctenucha semistria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 The Powerful Owl is a species of owl native to south-eastern and eastern Australia the largest owl on that continent. It is found in coastal areas the Great Dividing Range rarely more than 200 km inland. The IUCN Red List refers to this species as Powerful Boo-book however this is not used as a common name in Australia.
 Turbonilla nesiotes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Caloptilia onustella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from most of Europe east to the European part of Russia Ukraine Tajikistan and Turkmenistan as well as Morocco and Turkey.The larvae feed on Acer species including Acer campestre Acer monspessulanum Acer platanoides and Acer pseudoplatanus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Chilodonta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chilodontidae.
 Ramphotyphlops margaretae is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The Lymexylidae or ship-timber beetles are a family of wood-boring beetles and the sole member of the superfamily Lymexyloidea. They are 7 to 18 mm long. The larvae bore into living and decaying wood where they eat the fungi that grow in their tunnels. Some species are pests killing live trees and damaging timber structures such as houses and ships.There are 37 species in 7 genera including: The chestnut timberworm Melittomma sericeum The ship timber beetle Lymexylon navale
 Paralbara is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Deinogalerix (from Ancient Greek terrible/terror + shrew) was a genus of the order Erinaceomorpha which lived in Italy in the Late Miocene. The genus was apparently endemic to what was then Gargano Island today's Gargano peninsula. The Deinogalerix remains were first described in 1972.The genus belonged to the subfamily of gymnures or moon-rats which are not rats at all but rather hairy superficially rat-like relatives of the hedgehog lacking quills.
 Glipostenoda retusa is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1967.
 Progomphus serenus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Asperdaphne suluensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Transtillaspis irrorata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago and Tungurahua Provinces).The wingspan is 14 mm.
 Ceuthobotys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The red grouper (Epinephelus morio) is a species of fish in the Serranidae family.
 Lamellibrachia luymesi is a species of tube worms in the family Siboglinidae.It lives at deep-sea cold seeps where hydrocarbons (oil and methane) are leaking out of the seafloor. It is entirely reliant on internal sulfide-oxidizing bacterial symbionts for its nutrition. Lamellibrachia luymesi provides the bacteria with hydrogen sulfide and oxygen by taking them up from the environment and binding them to a specialized hemoglobin molecule.
 Edgarosaurus is a genus of polycotylid plesiosaur containing one species E. muddi. The type specimen was found in Early Cretaceous (late Albian) rocks in the state of Montana in the USA. At the time this location was covered by part of the Western Interior Seaway.
 Shorelint (foaled in 1926) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1929 King's Plate Canada's most important race. He was ridden by jockey John Mooney a native of New Orleans Louisiana who won the 1924 Kentucky Derby.Shorelint's dam South Shore won the King's Plate in 1922.
 Terebra corintoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Elysia maoria is a small to medium-sized species of sea slug a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae. This sea slug resembles a nudibranch but it is not closely related to that order of gastropods instead it is a sacoglossan. It occurs in New Zealand and Australia.
 Revertuncaria is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Cleisthenes is a genus of righteye flounders native to the northwest Pacific Ocean.
 Samaris is a genus of crested flounders native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Altenia scriptella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from most of Europe to the Volga region Turkey and the Caucasus.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Acer campestris. They in a folded leaf of their host plant. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 The Meander Prepona (Archaeoprepona meander) or Three-toned Prepona when referring to subspecies megabates is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Mexico to the Amazon Basin.
 Nungia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species N. epigynalis is known from China and Vietnam.The species was originally described from a single 6 mm long female although males have later been found.
 Vexillum rodgersi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Rhinecanthus assasi is a species of fish in the family Balistidae the triggerfishes. Common names include Picasso triggerfish and Arabian picassofish. It occurs in the western Indian Ocean including the Red Sea and Persian Gulf.
 Mischopyga is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Lewin's Rail (Lewinia pectoralis) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family. It is found in Australia Wallacea and New Guinea. Lewin's Rail is also known as the Water Rail Lewin's Water Rail Lewin's Grind Rail Slate-breasted Rail Slate-breasted Water Rail Pectoral Rail Pectoral Water Rail Short-toed Rail and Short-toed Water Rail. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ennomomima gigantea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil (Amazonas) and French Guiana.
 Cancellaria ghiorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The cave-dwelling frog (Litoria cavernicola) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland rivers rocky areas inland karsts and caves.
 Rasbora meinkeni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Peristichia agria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Salarias alboguttatus the Whitespotted blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian ocean. This species reaches a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL.
 Cranwell's horned frog (Ceratophrys cranwelli) also called the Chacoan horned frog is a terrestrial frog endemic to the dry Gran Chaco region of Argentina. Like most members of the genus Ceratophrys they are often considered Pacman frogs because of their resemblance to the popular video game character of the same name.
 Audubon's Shearwater (Puffinus lherminieri) is a common tropical seabird in the petrel family. Sometimes known as the Dusky-backed Shearwater the specific epithet honours the French naturalist Félix Louis L'Herminier.Certain populations are known variously as Baillon's Shearwater or Tropical Shearwater Bannerman's Shearwater Mascarene Shearwater and Persian Shearwater; some of these are considered distinct species by various authors. If they are all placed in P.
 Leucozonia ocellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Sagalassa cryptopyrrhella is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found in Brazil.
 The Astictopterini are a tribe in the Hesperiinae subfamily of skipper butterflies. As most Hesperiinae have not yet been assigned to tribes more genera may be placed here eventually.
 Hedychrum rutilans is a species of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae.These cuckoo wasps are mainly present in Austria Italy Bulgaria Greece France Poland Portugal Spain Switzerland and in North Africa. Their head and thorax are metallic green with red red spots while the abdomen is red colored. The color is more green and partially golden in the male and more extensively golden-red in the female.
 Paracanthella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Olive-backed Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax pyrrholaemus) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found in the Gamba Complex in southwest Gabon. It was described in 2008. The Olive-backed Forest Robin can be separated from other subspecies of the Forest Robin by the combination of its olive upperparts bright orange throat and chest and cream-yellow belly. Its song is also distinct from other subspecies of the Forest Robin. Females are generally duller than males.
 Dichomeris albiscripta is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1914. It is known from southern India.
 The Eastern Long-billed Lark (Certhilauda semitorquata) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is found in Lesotho South Africa and Swaziland.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Blastobasis fax is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 4.4 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with a few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 The Yellow-crowned Tyrannulet (Tyrannulus elatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Tyrannulus.[citation needed]It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Panama Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 Echinosphaerites is a genus of rhombiferan echinoderm (a cystoid) that lived in the Early and Middle Ordovician of North America and Europe (Bockelie 1981).
 Xestia praevia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Canada (New Brunswick Quebec Manitoba Saskatchewan Alberta and British Columbia) south to California. It is part of the elimata species group. Three of the species in this group (Xestia praevia Xestia elimata and Xestia badicollis) have no significant difference in both genitals and DNA suggesting they may be in fact one species.This wingspan is about 32 mm.
 Cameraria umbellulariae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The wingspan is about 9 mm.The larvae feed on Umbellularia californica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large diffused blister-like mine on the upperside of the leaves. The pupa is enclosed in a semi-transparent flat oval silken web within the mine.
 Myripristis is a genus of soldierfishes.
 Scolytocis samoensis is a species of beetle in the family Ciidae the only species in the genus Scolytocis.
 Gymnophthalmus is genus of Gymnophthalmid lizards native to Mexico Central America and the northern part of South America. Seven species are currently known.
 Glendotricha is an extinct genus in the superfamily Pyraloidea. It was described by Kusnezov in 1941 and contains the species G. olgae. It is known from Baltic amber.
 Craugastor yucatanensis is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The ruaha lampeye (Lacustricola omoculatus) is a species of poeciliid endemic to Tanzania where it is only known to occur at its type locality in the Great Ruaha River drainage. Its natural habitat is swamps. This species grows to a length of 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) TL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Spilarctia arctichroa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1909. It is found in Papua and north-western Papua New Guinea. The habitat consists of lowland and mountainous areas.
 Acolutha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Engraulis mordax  the California anchovy or Northern anchovy is a species of anchovy found in the Pacific Ocean ranging from Mexico to British Columbia.
 Proteuxoa metaneura is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.
 Mitrodynerus is a palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 Acanthotrophon carduus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae in the genus Acanthotrophon the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mordellistena megacera is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1929.
 Ramphotyphlops yampiensis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Xanthodaphne dalmasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Protapirus is an extinct genus of tapir. Fossil specimens of this genus have been found in North America and Europe.
 Cyanopepla buckleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador and Bolivia.
 Callistege is either a subgenus or a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is considered a subgenus of Euclidia or a valid genus on its own depending on the author.
 Sympistis sandaraca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the mountains of south-western Alberta south to at least Colorado and California.It’s habitat consists of dry open woodland in mountainous areas.The wingspan is 32–34 mm. Adults are on wing in late summer and fall.
 Schacontia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Forest Leopard or Forest Leopard Fritillary (Phalanta eurytis) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in tropical Africa Ethiopia and Sudan.The wingspan is 40–45 mm for males and 43–48 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from January to June.The larvae feed on Dovyalis rhamnoides Dovyalis caffra Populus Trimeria Maytenus and Salix species.
 Eneodes viridulus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1942 and is known from Cuba.
 Scopula suda is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea (Bioko) Rwanda and Uganda.
 Aaptos kanuux is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera.It is a newly discovered species of sea sponge and it is named after the Aleutian word for heart.
 Palaeomystis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cochranella megistra is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Sevan khramulya (Varicorhinus capoeta) (Armenian: կողակ koġak) is a cyprinid fish which previously dominated in the fish landings of Lake Sevan along with Sevan trout. Khramulya feeds on aquatic macrophytes and from the age 2+ also on detritus (Dadikyan 1986). Since 1936 with the gradual deterioration of reproduction conditions due to the permanent exposure of many spawning grounds and with many spawning grounds in rivers lost khramulya stocks in Sevan have gradually declined.
 Turbonilla andersi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Heteromicta aegidia is a species of snout moths in the genus Heteromicta. It was described by Meyrick in 1887 and is known from Australia.
 Echinometra lucunter the rock boring urchin is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae. It is found in very shallow parts of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
 Netechma nigricunea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province) and Peru.The wingspan is 18–23 millimetres (0.71–0.91 in). The ground colour of the forewings is white dotted with black and tinged with greyish in the middle postmedially. The markings are black. The hindwings are brownish grey.
 Pectocaris spatiosa is a Cambrian arthropod from the Maotianshan Shale similar in form to the Burgess Shale crustaceomorph Odaraia.
 The curled octopus (Eledone cirrhosa) is a species of cephalopod found in the sublittoral zone of rocky coasts around the British Isles. It is alternatively known as the lesser octopus or horned octopus.
 Tondanichthys kottelati is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to Indonesia where it is only known from Lake Tondano in the far north of the island of Sulawesi. This species grows to a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) SL.
 Saurita concisina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bryk in 1953. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The pygmy falcons Polihierax are a genus of bird of prey in the Falconidae family. It contains the following species: Pygmy Falcon (Polihierax semitorquatus) White-rumped Falcon or White-rumped Pygmy-falcon (Polihierax insignis) - sometimes separated in Neohierax
 The rufous grasshopper is a medium-sized broad brown 'short-horned' grasshopper with clubbed antennae that are tipped with a conspicuous white or pale color. This insect is known as both Gomphocerippus rufus and Gomphocerus rufus. It is fairly large averaging 14 to 22 mm in length. It is of the subfamily Gomphocerinae in the family Acrididae the predominant family of grasshoppers. This species is present in most of Europe in the eastern Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East.
 Benthophilus leobergius the Caspian stellate tadpole-goby is a species of goby widespread in the Caspian Sea and the basin of the Volga River. It is widespread along all coasts with exception of central-eastern. Mentioned near the Ogurja Ada in the Gorgansky Bay and in the Sefīd-Rūd River. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Columna leai is a species of tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinidae. The shell of this species is long and slender and can reach a length of 35–50 millimetres (1.4–2.0 in). This species is native to Gabon and São Tomé and Principe.
 Eremiaphila ammonita is a species of praying mantis native to Jordan.
 Adelpha pollina is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Fruhstorfer in 1915. It is found from Honduras to Panama French Guiana and Bolivia.The wingspan is about 45 mm.
 The rhinoceros iguana (Cyclura cornuta) is a threatened species of lizard in the family Iguanidae that is primarily found on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola shared by the Republic of Haiti and the Dominican Republic. They vary in length from 60 to 136 centimetres (24 to 54 in) and skin colors range from a steely gray to a dark green and even brown. Their name derives from the bony-plated pseudo-horn or outgrowth which resembles the horn of a rhinoceros on the iguana's snout.
 The White Wagtail (Motacilla alba) is a small passerine bird in the wagtail family Motacillidae which also includes the pipits and longclaws. This species breeds in much of Europe and Asia and parts of north Africa. It is resident in the mildest parts of its range but otherwise migrates to Africa. It has a toehold in Alaska as a scarce breeder. In the British Isles the darker sub-species the Pied Wagtail (M. a.
 Strigia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Strigia atra (Chaudoir 1878) Strigia maxillaris Brulle 1834 Strigia stigma (Fabricius 1801)↑
 The Surf eel (Ichthyapus ophioneus) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Barton Warren Evermann and Millard Caleb Marsh in 1900.
 Pseudotothyris is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 The Rufous-cheeked Nightjar (Caprimulgus rufigena) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is an intra-African migrant that breeds in the south of its range. It spends the non-breeding season in eastern Nigeria Cameroon southern Chad and Sudan the Republic of the Congo the D.R.C. and western Central African Republic. During the southern hemisphere summer it is found in Angola Botswana Mozambique Namibia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Mordellistena rubricollis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Champion in 1891.
 Maylandia phaeos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is known from Cobue on the Mozambique coast and possibly other places along the coast. This species can reach a length of 8.6 centimetres (3.4 in) SL.
 Old England (foaled in 1901) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1902 Preakness Stakes. Owned and trained by Green B. Morris he was sired by Goldfinch. Old England was out of the mare Queen Bess a daughter of Marden.
 The Acrocephalus warblers are small insectivorous passerine birds belonging to the genus Acrocephalus. Formerly in the paraphyletic Old World warbler assemblage they are now separated as the namesake of the marsh and tree warbler family Acrocephalidae.
 Tricolia pullus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.
 Anthomyia quinquemaculata is a species of anthomyiid flies belonging to the family Anthomyiidae.This species is mainly present in Czech Republic France Italy Greece Spain Portugal in the Near East and in North Africa. It has five distinct black spots on the thorax. The black spot at the base of the wing is in continuity with the dorsal-lateral one. Scutellum is gray only at the apex. Tibial setae are short seta in the middle of the tibia 2 is as long as the diameter of the tibia itself.
 Lobophysa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rivula tanitalis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Morocco Egypt Algeria Malta Crete Greece Lebanon Iraq Iran Saudi Arabia Yemen and Israel.The species is usually found in oases.There are several generations per year.
 Hippopotamus creutzburgi is an extinct species of hippopotamus which lived on the island of Crete. Hippopopotamus colonized Crete probably 800000 years ago and lived there during the Middle Pleistocene. Bones of H. creutzburgi were found by Dorothea Bate on the Katharo plateau in eastern Crete in the 1920s.A similar species the Cyprus dwarf hippopotamus (Hippopotamus minor) lived on the island of Cyprus until the Holocene. It was at least 20% smaller than either species of Cretan hippo.
 Puncha ratzeburgi is a species of snakeflies in the family Raphidiidae.These snakeflies have long prothorax hyaline wings with a distinct pterostigma and a long ovipositor in the females. They are predatory both as adults and larvae and they are widely distributed in Central and Eastern Europe.
 Leptosiaphos is a genus of skinks endemic to West Africa.
 Ernocornutia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Myxodes cristatus the Sailfin clinid is a species of clinid native to the Pacific coast of South America from central to southern Chile.
 Capote (1984–2007) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was best known for his achievements in 1986 when he was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt.
 Araeomerus morrisi is a species of earwig in the genus Araeomerus family Hemimeridae suborder Hemimerina.
 Cochylis molliculana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Great Britain France Spain Italy Croatia Greece and Cyprus.The wingspan is 11–15 mm.The larvae feed on Picris echioides. They feed within the seedheads of their host plant.
 Heteromicta alypeta is a species of snout moths in the genus Heteromicta. It was described by Turner in 1911 and is known from Queensland Australia.
 Raphiptera is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eugnesia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Metophtalmoides castrii is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Metophtalmoides.
 The Desert Lark (Ammomanes deserti) breeds in deserts and semi-deserts from the Sahara east through the Arabian peninsula and the Middle East to Iran Afghanistan and Pakistan.It is resident apart from local movements in arid stony areas and avoids flat sand. Its nest is on the ground in a rock crevice or amongst stones with 3-4 eggs being laid. The food of the Desert Lark is seeds and insects the latter especially in the breeding season.This is a small lark at 15 – 16.5 cm length.
 Mitchell's water monitor (Varanus mitchelli) is a species of monitor lizards native to Australia. It was named after Francis J. Mitchell of the South Australian Museum. It reaches a length of up to 70 cm. It is generally dark in colour and has many small yellow spots or dark-centered ocelli.Mitchell's water monitor is found in the north part of Western Australia and the Northern Territory. It is found around swamps lagoons inland rivers and other bodies of water.
 The Diprotodontia (/daɪˌproʊtɵˈdɒnʃ(i)ə/; Greek: διπρωτός diprotos meaning two front and οδοντος odontos meaning teeth) are a large order of about 120 marsupial mammals including the kangaroos wallabies possums koala wombats and many others. Extinct diprotodonts include the rhinoceros-sized Diprotodon and Thylacoleo the so-called marsupial lion.
 Darantoides lineolata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hulstaert in 1924. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Coleophora microspinella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkmenia.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica Artemisia badhysi and Artemisia kopetdaghensis. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Procerodidae is a family of marine triclads.
 Haplochromis nigrescens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species can reach a length of 11.5 centimetres (4.5 in) TL.
 Scaphites (Greek skafh a boat or anything dug or scooped out) is a genus of extinct cephalopod belonging to the family of heteromorph ammonites (suborder Ancyloceratina). They were a widespread genus that thrived during the Cretaceous period.Scaphites generally have a chambered boat-shaped shell. The initial part (juvenile stage) of the shell is generally more or less involute (tightly-coiled) and compressed giving no hint of the heteromorphic shell form yet to come.
 Nessaea is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in the Neotropical Ecozone. Unlike virtually all other butterflies with blue coloration the blue colors in this genus are due to pigmentation[1] rather than iridescence (e.g. Morpho species).
 Gobiodon atrangulatus is a species of goby native to the western Pacific where it is known to occur around Japan (including the Ogasawara Islands and the Ryukyus) and Fiji. It inhabits tropical reefs where it is associated with Acropora corals. This species can reach a length of 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) TL.
 Phylidorea ferruginea is a species of cranefly in the family Limoniidae.
 Epia domina is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Surinam.
 Odontotaenius striatopunctatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
 Cameraria agrifoliella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The wingspan is 7.5-9 mm.The larvae feed on Chrysolepis chrysophylla Quercus agrifolia and Quercus virginiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the upperside of the leaf. It has an irregular shape either circular or ovoid. The epidermis is opaque greenish yellow and often found across a midrib.
 The Grey Rustic or Neglected (Xestia castanea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from central Europe to Morocco Turkey Lebanon Israel Jordan and Syria.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. Adults are on wing between July and November depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various shrubs including Calluna Sarothamnus Vaccinium and Poaceae.
 The Borneo black-banded squirrel (Callosciurus orestes) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to northern Borneo.
 Pustulatirus hemphilli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Nashoba's Key (March 26 2003–May 28 2008) was a bay filly thoroughbred race horse by Silver Hawk (Roberto) out of Nashoba (Caerleon) who went undefeated in her first six starts in the Southern California racing circuit before placing 4th in the 2007 Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf.Bred and owned by 79-year-old Warren B. Williamson and trained by Carla Gaines Nashoba's Key went from an untested 4-year-old maiden to a Grade I winner in less than 6 months.
 Cedrobaena is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Tiffanian Cedar Point Quarry Wyoming and in the latest Maastrichtian Hell Creek Formation United States. It was first named by Tyler R. Lyson and Walter G. Joyce in 2009 and the type species is Cedrobaena putorius.
 Corgatha subindicata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approximately 28mm.
 Acrocercops zygonoma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Bihar).The larvae feed on Mangifera indica and Gossypium species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Roll's Partridge (Arborophila rolli) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is a monotypic species found in highland forests in northern Sumatra Indonesia. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Grey-breasted Partridge.
 Mordellistena okamotoi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1935.
 Conus bengalensis common name the Bengal cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Montcellia is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Urocordylidae that lived in the late Carboniferous period in the modern France.
 Stricteripus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Stricteripus baenningeri (Straneo 1953) Stricteripus impressus (Straneo 1955) Stricteripus peruvianus (Straneo 1955)↑
 Naarda ineffectalis is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 The Spruce Seed Moth (Cydia strobilella) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. The moth flies from April to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on Abies alba Picea omorika Picea abies en Pinus sylvestris.
 Turbonilla rafaeli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cerithiopsis ladae is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Prkic and Buzzurro in 2007.
 Sozusa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Larvamima is a genus of mites placed in its own family Larvamimidae in the order Mesostigmata. Larvamima contains four recognized species: Larvamima marianae R. J. Elzinga 1993 Larvamima carli Elzinga 1993 Larvamima cristata Elzinga 1993 Larvamima schneirlai Elzinga 1993↑
 The Great Black-backed Gull (Larus marinus) also known as the Greater Black-backed Gull or informally as the Black-back is the largest member of the gull family. It breeds on the European and North American coasts and islands of the North Atlantic and is fairly sedentary though some Black-backs move farther south or inland to large lakes or reservoirs. The adult Great Black-backed Gull has a white head neck and underparts dark grey wings and back pink legs and yellow bill.
 Celastrina acesina is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Papua New Guinea.
 Lacaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Antimimistis subteracta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 Nyctelius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Trichodezia kindermanni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East China and Japan.
 The Laughing Gull (Leucophaeus atricilla) is a medium-sized gull of North and South America. It breeds on the Atlantic coast of North America the Caribbean and northern South America. Northernmost populations migrate further south in winter and this species occurs as a rare vagrant to western Europe.
 Arctornis egerina is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Singapore Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and Sumatra.
 The Depressariinae – sometimes spelled Depressiinae in error – are a subfamily of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea. Like their relatives therein their exact relationships are not yet very well resolved.
 Dromicoida elegantia is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Dromicoida.
 Schistura is a genus of stone loaches from southern and eastern Asia. All members of Schistura live in stream and river habitats; some inhabit caves (troglobites).
 Andreyeichthys is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.
 Laothoe populeti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from eastern Turkey and Armenia through north-eastern Iraq the Iranian plateau and the central Asian republics of Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan and north-western China.The wingspan is 70-120 mm. It is similar to Laothoe populi but with no violet tint to the grey pigmentation which is itself paler and faintly pinkish orange.
 Epicrocis umbratella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1907. It is found in Madagascar.
 Pseudosarbia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Hellinsia orellanai is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Ecuador.The wingspan is 23 millimetres (0.91 in). The forewings are pale yellow and the markings are brown. The hindwings and fringes are very pale yellow-brown. Adults are on wing in November at an altitude of 2650 metres (8690 ft).
 Dendrorycter is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Trichostrongylus affinis is a species of parasitic nematode in the genus Trichostrongylus. It primarily infects cottontails (Sylvilagus) but has also been found in the hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) and the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris).
 The Madarasz's Tiger Parrot (Psittacella madaraszi) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Hungarian ornithologist Gyula von Madarász.
 Lasius umbratus is a parasitic ant. The queens of this species seek out a Lasius niger worker ant to first kill in order to gain the worker ant's scent and then to discreetly sneak inside a Lasius niger nest. Once inside the Lasius umbratus queen finds the Lasius niger queen and kills her. The worker ants will care for the new queen's larvae and slowly the colony will become one of Lasius umbratus.
 The Pearl-bordered Fritillary (Boloria euphrosyne) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.It is orange with black spots on the upperside of its wing and has a wingspan of 38–46 mm. On the underside of the wings there is a row of silver pearly markings along the edge which give the species its name.
 Nebria angusticollis is a species of ground beetle in Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in the Alps of France Italy and Switzerland.
 Lepyronia quadrangularis is a species of spittle bug that can be found in many places in the world. The adults are brownish with two oblique darker brown bands that strike across their fore wings (hemelytra). The fore wings are also marked with a small blackish curve at their tips. The eggs are laid between the leaf and the main stem of grasses from midsummer to late fall. The nymphs feed and molt under spittle and hibernate in the egg stage.
 The Paradise Drongo or Ribbon-tailed Drongo (Dicrurus megarhynchus) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.It is endemic to New Ireland in the Bismarck Archipelago Papua New Guinea.
 Psittirostrini is one of three tribes belonging to the Hawaiian honeycreepers. It is made up of the thick-billed birds colloquially known as the Hawaiian finches that once inhabited all of the Hawaiian Islands. These birds are granivorous and have songs like those of cardueline finches. Extant species include the Laysan Finch the Nihoa Finch the Maui Parrotbill and the Palila which may possibly be the last remaining species left alive in this group.
 Morosaphycita oculiferella is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is known from Australia (including Queensland and the Australian Capital Territory) and New Zealand.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have dark brown forewings with various dark lines each having a white mark near the base of the inner margin. The hindwings are off-white with narrow dark margins.
 Noripterus (meaning lake wing from Mongolian nuur lake and Greek pteron wing) is a genus of dsungaripterid pterodactyloid pterosaur from Lower Cretaceous-age Lianmuqin Formation in the Junggar Basin of Xinjiang China. It was first named by Yang Zhongjian (also known as C.C. Young in older sources) in 1973. Additional fossil remains have been recovered from Tsagaantsav Svita Mongolia.
 Leptodactylodon boulengeri is a species of frog in the Astylosternidae family.It is found in Cameroon and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers swamps rocky areas and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aenetus lewinii is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on various trees including Casuarina and Leptospermum species. They bore in the stems of saplings.
 Beddomeia angulata is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia which means that it would be uncommon for it to be sighted in the United States of America.
 The Sagebrush Vole (Lemmiscus curtatus) is a tiny vole found in western North America. This is the only member of genus Lemmiscus.They are somewhat similar in appearance to lemmings. They have chunky bodies with short legs and a very short tail which is covered in fur and lighter below. They have fluffy dull grey fur with lighter underparts.
 The Red-fringed Emerald or Two-striped Emerald (Nemoria bistriaria) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from New Brunswick to Florida west to Texas north to Ontario.The wingspan is about 22 mm. Adults are on wing from March to October in the south and from May to August in the north. There are at least two generations per year.The species occurs in a seasonal brown form where the green colour of the wings is entirely replaced by a light coffee colour.The larvae of ssp.
 Panulena is a genus of air-breathing land snails or semislugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.
 Ortalis bimaculata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Paraoncidium papuanum is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The Mountain Starling Vanuatu Starling Santo Mountain Starling or Santo Starling (Aplonis santovestris) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is endemic to the island of Espiritu Santo in Vanuatu. It is restricted to cloud forest forest on that island. The species was seldom seen in the 20th century and was at one point feared extinct although a 1991 expedition managed to find a population high in the mountains.
 Lophocnema is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Dysganus is the name given to a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous. It was a ceratopsian. Its fossils have been found in Montana.
 Trithemis hartwigi is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Rufous-backed Inca Finch (Incaspiza personata) is a species of bird traditionally placed in the Emberizidae family but it may be more closely related to the Thraupidae. Its current family status is incertae sedis.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Procyliosoma tuberculatum is a giant pill millipede of the family Procyliosomatidae endemic to New Zealand. Two subspecies are recognised – P. t. tuberculatum and P. t. westlandicum.Procyliosoma tuberculatum can grow up to 5 centimetres long and 2.5 centimetres wide.
 Anepholcia talboti is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 Cochylimorpha emiliana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Heilongjiang Qinghai) Mongolia Russia and Turkmenistan.
 Acraea baxteri is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane forests.The larvae feed on Urera species.
 Heraclia poggei is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in western Africa Guinea and Cameroon.
 The Hilo Noctuid Moth (Hypena newelli) was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It was endemic to the Hawaii.
 The Siskiyou Mountains salamander Plethodon stormi also called the Siskiyou Mountain salamander exists only in isolated locations along the Klamath River in northern California and southern Oregon. It is a close relative of the Del Norte salamander and some herpetologists believe it may be a subspecies of that animal.
 Corbicula is a genus of freshwater and brackish water clams aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Corbiculidae the basket clams. The genus name is the New Latin diminutive of Latin corbis a basket referring to the shape and ribs of the shell.The genus Corbicula includes sixteen species described to date. The best known species is Corbicula fluminea an invasive species in many areas of the world.
 Orthogonius constanti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Flavoleptus is an Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Glyphodella is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family from Africa
 Belovalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Phragmataecia terebrifer is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in India.
 Odonterpeton is an extinct genus of microbrachomorph microsaur.
 Calliostoma granulatum common name the European granular top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Maurea).
 The Rufous-breasted Antthrush (Formicarius rufipectus) is a species of bird in the Formicariidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Panama Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Onustus indicus is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Dysschema eurocilia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is a common species throughouttropical America where it has been recorded from the Antilles Central America (including Costa Rica Panama and Guatemala) and South America (including Paraguay Brazil Surinam Peru Colombia Venezuela and Ecuador).It is a and highly variable species especially the females.The larvae feed on the leaves of Vernonia species and Lepidaploa canescens.
 Eois isabella is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Platyhelluo weiri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Platyhelluo.
 Microhyla nanapollexa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.Its status is insufficiently known.
 Haplohippus is an extinct genus of the modern horse family Equidae that lived in the Eocene from 42 to 38 million years ago. Fossil remains of Haplohippus have been found in the Clarno Formation part of the John Day Fossil Beds National Monument. While Haplohippus is quite similar to Orohippus it is considered more primitive in character than Epihippus.
 The Luehdorfiini are a tribe of swallowtail butterflies. The tribe is thought to consist of three genera: Archon Doritites Luehdorfia
 Nymphalinae is a subfamily of brush-footed butterflies (family Nymphalidae). Sometimes the Limenitidinae (and Biblidinae) are included here as further tribe(s) while the Melitaeini are occasionally considered a distinct subfamily.
 Hydrophis fasciatus commonly known as the striped sea snake is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
 Lipkeidae is a small family of cnidarians in the order Stauromedusae or stalked jellyfish. It has only one genus Lipkea.
 The Long-horned Flat-back or Groundling (Prolita sexpunctella) is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe and North America.The wingspan is 13–17 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. They are day-flyers.The larvae feed on the leaves of Calluna species (including Calluna vulgaris) Empetrum nigrum and Dryas octopetala. They spin the leaves together and overwintering within.
 Epigrapsus is genus of terrestrial crabs. The three species are omnivores. Epigrapsus notatus (Heller 1865) Epigrapsus politus Heller 1862 Epigrapsus villosus Ng 2002↑
 Gulella alleni is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Malleco is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Thick-tailed Shrew (Crocidura brunnea) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found on the islands of Java and Bali in Indonesia.
 Pseudoeurycea longicauda is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pareumerus imperator is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Pareumerus.
 Acrossocheilus spinifer is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acrossocheilus.
 Metaxymorphus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Metaxymorphus affinis Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus agilis Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus angustissimus (Motschulsky 1864) Metaxymorphus atriceps Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus confusus (Basilewsky 1956) Metaxymorphus cursor Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus cycloderus Chaudoir 1877 Metaxymorphus debilis Peringuey 1899 Metaxymorphus deceptor (Peringuey 1896) Metaxymorphus discipennis (Motschulsky 1864) Metaxymorphus endroedyi (Basilewsky 1986) Metaxymorphus ferox (Peringuey 1896) Metaxymorphus flaviceps (Motschulsky 1864) Metaxymorphus frenatus (Dejean 1831) Metaxymorphus glabricollis (Motschulsky 1864) Metaxymorphus goryi Chaudoir 1850 Metaxymorphus inconspicuus (Peringuey 1896) Metaxymorphus infestans (Basilewsky 1986) Metaxymorphus lineellus (Boheman 1848) Metaxymorphus modestus Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus namaquensis Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus picturatus (Basilewsky 1986) Metaxymorphus pictus Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus pusillus Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus recticollis Peringuey 1899 Metaxymorphus robustus Peringuey 1904 Metaxymorphus stigmatellus Peringuey 1896 Metaxymorphus vicinus Peringuey 1896 ↑
 Grammistes sexlineatus the six-lined soapfish or golden-striped grouper is a small species of serranid fish from the Indo-Pacific occurring between the Red Sea and Polynesia the southern part of Japan and the Great Barrier Reef. It is found in turbid lagoons at depths between 1 and 40 m (3 ft 3 in and 131 ft 3 in). It is the only member of the genus Grammistes.
 The black-spotted newt or Texas newt Notophthalmus meridionalis is a species of aquatic newt native to northeastern Mexico and southern Texas in the United States.
 The Vinaceous Dove (Streptopelia vinacea) is a pigeon which is a widespread resident breeding bird in a belt across Africa just south of the Sahara Desert.This species is abundant in scrub and savannah. It builds a stick nest in a tree often an acacia and lays two white eggs. Its flight is quick with the regular beats and an occasional sharp flick of the wings which are characteristic of pigeons in general.Vinaceous Dove is a small stocky pigeon typically 25 cm in length.
 The Lighthouse lizardfish (Synodus jaculum) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Indo-Pacific.
 Philaethria andrei is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Brevignon in 2002. It is found from southern Venezuela throughout the Guiana Shield to the mouth of the Amazon river in Brazil.The larvae feed on Passiflora laurifolia.
 Calliostoma anseeuwi is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Lophothalaina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Schizothorax curvilabiatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Progona venata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1921. It is found in Paraguay.
 The St. Helena Darter (Sympetrum dilatatum) is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is endemic to Saint Helena where the last specimen recorded was in 1963. The species is assumed to be extinct.
 Afilia is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 The Zimmerman Pine Moth (Dioryctria zimmermani) is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found from southern Canada and the north-eastern and Great Lakes areas of the United States. There is a disjunct population in eastern Nebraska.The wingspan is about 37 mm. The forewings are mottled gray and red/brown with zigzag light and dark markings. The hindwings are yellowish white. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various Pinus species but prefer Austrian and Scotch pine.
 Achryson lutarium is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Burmeister in 1865. It is known from east central Brazil Bolivia Paraguay and Argentina.
 Pseudodeltaspis punctipennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Hovore in 2010.
 Anthene lacides the Delicate Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Tshopo).
 Exsilirarcha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Barilius barila (Bengali: বারালি) is a tropical fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in India Nepal Bangladesh and Myanmar.
 Leptotyphlops borapeliotes is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 The Emperor Cichlid is a common name applied to more than one fish. (Aulonocara nyassae) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family that is endemic to Lake Malawi. (Boulengerochromis microlepis) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family that is endemic to Lake Tanganyika. (Aulonocara nyassae) is more commonly known as the Peacock cichlid.Both have the natural habitat of freshwater lakes.
 Marginella lineatolabrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Phaonia rufipalpis is a species of fly. Found in palaearctic Europe it lives in deciduous woodlands of temperate regions.
 Anisolabis maritima commonly known as the Maritime earwig or the Seaside earwig is a species of earwig in the genus Anisolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera. Similar to the Seashore earwig this species can be found near the shore line and is cosmopolitan. It can be found in almost all ecozones.It is approximately 2.5 cm (0.98 in) to 3 cm (1.2 in) long and is a grayish or blackish in color.
 The Western Brown snake or Gwardar is a very fast highly venomous snake native to Australia. Its colour and pattern are rather variable depending largely on its location. It is most closely related to the Spotted Brown Snake Speckled Brown Snake Peninsula Brown Snake Ingram's Brown Snake Ringed Brown Snake and Eastern Brown Snake.
 The Bonneville whitefish (Prosopium spilonotus) is a salmonid fish endemic to Bear Lake on the Utah-Idaho border. It is one of three species of Prosopium endemic to Bear Lake the other two being the Bear Lake whitefish and the Bonneville cisco. The species is listed as a Wildlife Species of Concern by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources.In appearance it is very similar to the closely related Bear Lake whitefish P. abyssicola.
 Hyposmocoma subflavidella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet.
 Turridrupa nagasakiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Alpine bullhead or Siberian bullhead (Cottus poecilopus) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cottidae family of sculpins. It is found in Belarus China the Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland Germany North Korea Latvia Lithuania Moldova Norway Poland Romania Russia Slovakia Slovenia Sweden and Ukraine. This fish is listed as being of Least Concern by the IUCN.
 Capys juliae Julia’s Protea Copper is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-western Kenya. The habitat consists of montane grassland at altitudes between 2100 and 2400 meters.The larvae feed on Protea gaguedi.
 Stenotus is a genus of plant bugs (family Miridae) containing the following species:
 The peninsular chuckwalla (Sauromalus australis) is a lizard belonging to the family Iguanidae. It is in the same genus as the other chuckwalla species. S. australis inhabits southeastern Baja California and eastern Baja California Sur in Mexico.
 Trixoscelis canescens is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Ochrodota atra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Nukusa cinerella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Albania Croatia the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.
 The Somali Wheatear (Oenanthe phillipsi) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and Somalia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Noguerana rodriguezae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Noguera in 2005.
 Ephialtias dorsispilota is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found from Panama and Costa Rica to Colombia.Larvae have been recorded on Lindackeria laurina.
 Alcolapia is a genus of fishes in the Cichlidae family. Their native range is largely restricted to the hypersaline warm Lake Natron and Lake Magadi in Kenya and Tanzania although two species also have been introduced to Lake Nakuru.
 The Yellow-eared Parrot (Ognorhynchus icterotis) is an endangered parrot of tropical America. It is found in the western Andes in Colombia and (perhaps only formerly) Ecuador and is closely associated to the wax palm Ceroxylon sp. which is itself endangered.
 Calycina guineensis is a species of beetle in the Calycina genus. It was described in 1922.
 The Old Lady or Black Underwing (Mormo maura) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (found from North-Western Africa through all over southern Europe. It reaches its northern border in the West in Northern Ireland and Central Scotland in Central Europe in Northern Germany and Poland. In some Nordic countries there are single finds. The other occurrence areas include Turkestan Anatolia the Middle East and Iraq)The wingspan is 55–65 mm.
 Pegasoferae is a proposed clade of mammals based on genomic research in molecular systematics by Nishihara Hasegawa and Okada (2006).To the surprise of the authors their data led them to propose a clade that includes bats (order Chiroptera) carnivores such as cats and dogs (order Carnivora) horses and other odd-toed ungulates (order Perissodactyla) and pangolins (order Pholidota) as springing from a single evolutionary origin within the mammals.
 The Madagascan Plover (Charadrius thoracicus) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family. It is also called the Black-banded Plover.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical mangrove forests sandy shores intertidal marshes and coastal saline lagoons. It is the world's smallest plover at 11.5 g and 13.5 cm (5.3 in).
 The elongate glassy perchlet Chanda nama is a species of freshwater fish in the Asiatic glassfish family Ambassidae of order Perciformes the only species in the genus Chanda.
 Helichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Olivella common name the dwarf olives is a genus of small predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives. Olivella is the type genus of the family.
 The Madagascan Friar (Amauris nossima) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found on the Comoros Madagascar and Mayotte. The habitat consists of forests.
 Crenella glandula or the glandular bean mussel is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Labrador to North Carolina.
 Vexillum iredalei is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Oliva dactyliola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Crawfordina is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Eressa deliana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Roepke in 1935. It is found on Sumatra.
 Pygoctenucha terminalis the Blue-green Lichen Moth is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Mexico and in eastern Colorado New Mexico and south-eastern Arizona.The wingspan is about 43 mm. Adults are on wing from late-May to early-AugustThe larvae feed on Asclepias species including Asclepias tuberosa.
 Hastulopsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Scopula sacraria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Cyprus and the European part of Russia.The wingspan is about 20-23 mm.
 Boophis tephraeomystax is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers intermittent freshwater marshes arable land urban areas heavily degraded former forests and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Pheia serpensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1919. It is found in Brazil.
 For the Italian commune see Suni.For the branch of Islam see Sunni Islam.Suni (Neotragus moschatus) is a very small species of antelope. It occurs in south-east Africa in dense underbrush. Suni are around 12-17 inches (30-43 cm) high at the shoulder and weigh 10-12 pounds (4.5-5.4 kg). They are usually reddish brown darker on their back than their sides and legs. The belly chin throat and insides of legs are white.
 Mictopsichia hubneriana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil Bolivia and Guyana.Adults vary greatly in size some specimens have a 2-3 mm smaller wingspan than others.
 Aphantoloba is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Syzeuxis.
 The Ash Bud Moth (Prays fraxinella) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and again in August in two generations depending on the location.The larvae feed on Fraxinus excelsior and Fraxinus ornus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an irregular small corridor with dispersed black frass. Often the corridor widens in the end into an irregular blotch with much less frass.
 Duplex halmaherensis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from the Halmahera and Tenimber islands.The wingspan is 7.5-8 mm. The forewing is grey but the medial area is dark grey and the upper half of the postmedial area is light grey. The reniform stigma is bright ovoid and yellow. All crosslines are present and black. The antemedial and postmedial lines are prominent the former being sharply angled subcostally the latter waved.
 Helcystogramma ceriochrantum is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It is found in China (Sichuan).
 Sulamani (foaled April 9 1999) is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred race horse who competed and won in Dubai Europe and North America.A great-grandson of English Triple Crown champion Nijinsky he made his racing debut in April 2002 at age three and finished seventh. Racing in France he went on to win the prestigious Prix du Jockey Club and was second in the 2002 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
 Lepidochrysops carsoni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zambia.Both wings are violet blue with a brown termen. The forewings have a brown dash and the hindwings have two largish anal yellow spots. The underside of both wings is dull brownish grey.
 Paralleloneurum is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Gobius ater Bellotti's goby is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea from the Balearic Islands and the Gulf of Lion to Nice and Sardinia. It occurs in shallow waters and lagoons where it prefers eelgrass beds. This species can reach a length of 7.1 centimetres (2.8 in) SL.
 The Sedge Warbler (Acrocephalus schoenobaenus) is an Old World warbler in the genus Acrocephalus. It is a medium-sized warbler with a brown streaked back and wings and a distinct pale supercilium. Sedge Warblers are migratory crossing the Sahara to get from their European and Asian breeding grounds to spend winter in Africa. The male's song is composed of random chattering phrases and can include mimicry of other species. The Sedge Warbler is mostly insectivorous.
 Diadegma mollipla is a wasp which parasitises the larvae of the diamondback moth and the potato tuber moth. Its range includes the Canary Islands Britain and parts of Africa.
 Catasigerpes zernyi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Catasigerpes in the order Mantodea.
 Archilema uelleburgensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912 originally under the genus Eilema. It is found in Equatorial Guinea Kenya Malawi Nigeria South Africa and Uganda.
 The Himalayan Vulture or Himalayan Griffon Vulture (Gyps himalayensis) is an Old World vulture in the family Accipitridae. Closely related to the European Griffon Vulture (G. fulvus) and once considered a subspecies of it this species is found along the Himalayas and the adjoining Tibetan Plateau. It is one of the two largest old world vultures and true raptors.
 Caryocolum abhorrens is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is about 5 mm. The forewings are blackish mottled with grey with indistinct whitish markings mottled with grey. Adults have been recorded on wing at the end of June.
 Enaeta cylleniformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Pseudmelisa rubrosignata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
 Scutellastra cochlear is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets. It is commonly known as the snail patella the pear limpet or the spoon limpet and is native to South Africa. It often grows in association with the crustose coralline alga Spongites yendoi and a filamentous red alga which it cultivates in a garden. It was first described by the malacologist Ignaz von Born in 1778 as Patella cochlear.
 The Washington ground squirrel (Urocitellus washingtoni) is a squirrel found in the Pacific Northwest in the states of Washington and Oregon of the Northwestern United States.
 Bullichthys is an extinct genus of albuliform fish which existed in Brazil during the Lower Cretaceous period. The type species is B. santanensis.
 Oecia oecophila is a moth of the Schistonoeidae family. It is widely distributed in the West Indies Central America and South America southern Europe Japan northern and southern Africa Malaya Java Indonesia Australia and Hawaii. It has been widely dispersed by commerce.The wingspan is about 10 mm for males and 13 mm for females.The larvae are coprophagous but might also feed on decaying vegetable matter.
 Metarctia johanna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1979. It is found in Nigeria.
 Crateromys is a genus of rodent native to the Philippines in the family Muridae. It contains four species: Dinagat Bushy-Tailed Cloud Rat (Crateromys australis) Giant Bushy-Tailed Cloud Rat (Crateromys schadenbergi) Panay Cloudrunner (Crateromys heaneyi) Ilin Island Cloudrunner (Crateromys paulus)
 Primovula panthera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Syrmoptera homeyerii is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Sankuru Lualaba Lomani Tanganika and Maniema) and Angola.
 Fulvoclysia arguta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Syria and Asia Minor.
 Zosteropoda is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Gerrhosauridae is a family of lizards native to Africa and Madagascar. Also known as plated lizards they live in a range of habitats from rocky crevices to sand dunes. Their form is variable with some species having four fully developed limbs and others with vestigial hind limbs only. Most species are believed to be oviparous.
 Lyrogoniatitinae is one of two subfamilies of the Cravenoceratidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Pompilopsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Pompilopsis tarsalis which is found in Mexico Guatemala and Brazil (Para).
 Schwarzerium is a genus of long-horned beetle.
 Oxycanus dirempta is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 60 mm.
 Parascleropilio fernandezi is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
 Leucosoleniidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida.
 The dark-footed mouse shrew (Myosorex cafer) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Mozambique South Africa Swaziland and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. It was formerly sometimes called the dark-footed forest shrew.
 Vanderhorstia is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Flabellina borealis is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Tipulodes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Clinus arborescens is a species of clinid that occurs in temperate waters of the Indian Ocean around South Africa. This species can reach a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in) SL.
 The Camas pocket gopher Thomomys bulbivorus is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. The species occurs only in the Willamette Valley endemic to northwest Oregon in the Northwestern United States.
 Iraota is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The genus was erected by Frederic Moore in 1881.
 Amara fusca sometimes known as the wormwood moonshiner is a species of ground beetles in the family Carabidae.
 Ecbatania is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1961 and contains the species E. alvandella. It is found in Iran.
 Bucculatrix spectabilis is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona.The wingspan is about 7.5 mm. The forewings are dull white the basal half sparsely dusted with black-tipped brownish scales. The hindwings are grey.
 Damias choiseuli is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Colotis aurora the Sulphur Orange Tip or Plain Orange-tip is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the Mauritania Senegal Gambia Mali Burkina Faso Ghana Benin Nigeria Chad Sudan Ethiopia Uganda Kenya Rwanda Tanzania the Democratic Republic of Congo Somalia southern Arabia Asia India and Sri Lanka. The habitat consists of savanna.The larvae feed on Capparis Maerua and Cadaba species.
 Achatina immaculata is a species of very large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.
 The Kosrae Crake or Kusaie Island Crake (Porzana monasa) sometimes also stated as Kittlitz's Rail is an extinct bird from the family Rallidae. It occurred on the island of Kosrae and perhaps on Ponape in the south-western Pacific which belong both to the Caroline Islands. Its preferred habitat were coastal swamps and marshland covered with taro plants (Colocasia esculenta).
 Pyrgiscus yoshikoae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Conus mustelinus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mimeresia semirufa the Eresine Harlequin is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of wetter forests.
 The Cerulean Paradise Flycatcher (Eutrichomyias rowleyi) is a medium-sized (up to 18 cm long) blue flycatcher with bright cerulean blue plumage a bare white orbital ring dark brown iris bluish black bill and pale blue-grey below. The young has a shorter tail and grey underparts. It is the only member of the monotypic genus Eutrichomyias.The Cerulean Paradise Flycatcher is endemic to the island of Sangihe off North Sulawesi in Indonesia.
 The Eurasian wolf (Canis lupus lupus) also known as the European common or forest wolf is a subspecies of gray wolf which has the largest range among wolf subspecies and is the most common in Europe and Asia ranging through Mongolia China Russia Scandinavia Western Europe Caucasus the Himalayan Mountains and Balkans.
 Trithemis monardi is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Kenya Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Sierra Leone Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Variimorda holzschuhi is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae.
 Palaeoamasia is an extinct genus of embrithopod mammal. The type species Palaeoamasia kansui (Ozansoy 1966) is represented in Eocene deposits of Central Anatolia.
 Zophodia asthenosoma is a species of snout moth in the genus Zophodia. It was described by Dyar in 1919. It is found in French Guiana.
 Odostomia clavulina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cerithium alucastrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 St. Aignan's Trumpet-eared Bat (Kerivoula agnella) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Papua New Guinea and is only endemic to the islands not the mainland.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Madoryx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Pagodula arnaudi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 † Lottia edmitchelli was a late Pleistocene species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae and the clade Patellogastropoda. This species was endemic to the United States but it is now thought to be extinct although there is some evidence that it is still living.
 Symmoca orphnella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in France Italy and Spain.The wingspan is 9–10 mm. The wings are dusted with brownish grey. The hindwings are somewhat darker.
 Glaphyrerga is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Green-billed Malkoha (Phaenicophaeus tristis) is a species of non-parasitic cuckoo found in peninsular India. The birds are waxy bluish black with a long graduated tail with white tips to the tail feathers. The bill is prominent and curved. These birds are found in dry scrub and thin forests.
 The Madura horseshoe bat is a species of bat from the family Rhinolophidae. Current taxonomy treats the Madura horseshoe bat as a species separate of the Sulawesi horseshoe bat and not including parvus but Csorba et al. (2003) recognizes both as subspecies of the Sulawesi horseshoe bat. It is known only from seven specimens from Madura Island and the Kangean Islands in Indonesia and its type locality is Soemenep Madura Island.
 Squaliforma is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Plagiogeneion rubiginosum the rubyfish is a rover found from the southeastern Atlantic Ocean off South Africa through the Indian Ocean to the southwestern Pacific Ocean around Australia and New Zealand. This fish can be found at depths of from 50 to 600 metres (160 to 1970 ft). It can reach a length of up to 60 centimetres (24 in) TL. This species is commercially important.
 Cerberolebeda is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Yellow-browed Woodpecker (Piculus aurulentus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 The Yellow-banded Ringlet (Erebia flavofasciata) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae. It is a high mountain butterfly found in a small area of the Alps in Switzerland and Italy.Larval host plant is unknown. A Swiss subspecies E. flavofasciata warreni has been proposed.
 †Achatinella caesia was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to the United States.
 The Azure Kingfisher (Alcedo azurea) is a small kingfisher (17–19 centimetres (6.7–7.5 in)) in the river kingfisher family Alcedinidae. It is found in Northern and Eastern Australia and Tasmania as well as the lowlands of New Guinea and neighbouring islands and out to North Maluku and Romang.It is a very colourful bird with deep blue to azure back a large white to buff spot on side of neck and throat rufous-buff with some blue-violet streaks on breast and flanks.
 Ampelophaga khasiana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1895. It is found from Nepal north-eastern India (Sikkim) to central China.The wingspan is 80-102 mm.The larvae feed on Vitis species and Saurauia nepalensis in India.
 Scopula rhodocraspeda is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.This species is mustard-yellow to apricot-yellow with the costal edge of the forewing rosy also the fringes.Possibly this is a colour-form of Scopula bistrigata (Pagenstecher).
 Glyphipterix okui is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1976. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 9–12 mm.
 Pseuderesia eleaza the Variable Harlequin is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Benin Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Beudanticeras is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Cretaceous period belonging to the ammonoid subclass and included in the family Desmoceratidae.Beudanticeras has a rather to very compressed shell that is moderately involute with convex to flat sides and a narrowly arched out rim. Coiling is such that the outer whorl embraces much of the next inner whorl leaving a small spiraled umblicus. The shell is generally smooth but may have weak ribs but no tubercles.
 The Rufous-bellied Bush Tyrant (Myiotheretes fuscorufus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Cyclophora cora is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Archipimima consentanea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale ferruginous brown suffused greyish along the wing edges and strigulated rust brown. The forewings are marked with a few concolorous lines. The markings are rust brown. The hindwings are glossy bronze brown.
 Teleochilus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 The eastern wolf (Canis lycaon) also known as the Great Lakes wolf eastern timber wolf Algonquin wolf or deer wolf is a canid native to the northeastern side of North America's Great Lakes region. It is a medium-sized species which like the red wolf is of a reddish-brown coloration and is intermediate in size between the coyote and gray wolf.
 Fusinus juliabrownae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Patella lugubris is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Justinia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Calliotropis basileus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Amphipsalta is a genus of cicada in the family Cicadidae endemic to New Zealand.
 The Grey-collared Becard (Pachyramphus major) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. Its genus Pachyramphus has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggests it is better placed in Tityridae.It is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Emmelina jason is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is 20 mm. The forewings are light greyish‑ochreous with whitish reflections. The hindwings are grey.
 The Silver-capped Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus richardsii) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Loxorhynchus grandis common name the sheep crab is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae.
 The northern quoll (Dasyurus hallucatus) also known as the northern native cat the satanellus the North Australian native cat or the njanmak (in the indigenous Mayali language) is a carnivorous marsupial native to Australia.
 Kvabebihyrax is an extinct genus of hyrax from the European Pliocene.With a length of 1.6 metres (5 ft 4 in) Kvabebihyrax was much larger than modern hyraxes. Its robust body and eyes placed high on the skull gave it a hippopotamus-like appearance. It also had large incisors in both jaws. The only known species is Kvabebihyrax kachethicus.
 Notocaiman is an extinct genus of alligatorid crocodylian. A fragmentary and poorly preserved left dentary found from Argentina that presumably dates back to the Paleocene epoch is all that is known from the genus. It may be a junior synonym of Eocaiman. Similarities between the remains of Notocaiman and comparable material from the alligatoroid Listrognathosuchus have been observed but have not been taken as evidence for synonymy. The type species N. stromeri was named in 1937.
 Plesiocystiscus genecoani is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Admetula vossi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Cyclopides is a genus of skippers. It is mentioned in the Sherlock Holmes book The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Tripteridia commixtilinea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Macbeth II (foaled 1885 in Kentucky) was a horse who was the winner of the 1888 Kentucky Derby He was the third gelding and one of only nine geldings to win the Kentucky Derby with the others being Vagrant (1876) Apollo (1882) Old Rosebud (1914) Exterminator (1918) Paul Jones (1920) Clyde Van Dusen (1929) Funny Cide (2003) and Mine That Bird (2009).
 Systatica is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Patiria is a genus of starfish in the family Asterinidae. It contains the following species: Patiria chilensis Verrill 1870 Patiria miniata Verrill 1913 Patiria pectinifera (Muller & Troschel 1842)↑
 Pseudoeurycea mixteca is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Stigmatopora is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Metaphidippus pernotus is a species of spider in the Salticidae (jumping spider) family. It belongs to the genus Metaphidippus. The species name was first published in 1911 by Alexander Petrunkevitch.
 Cattle (colloquially cows) are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates. They are a prominent modern member of the subfamily Bovinae are the most widespread species of the genus Bos and are most commonly classified collectively as Bos primigenius. Cattle are raised as livestock for meat (beef and veal) as dairy animals for milk and other dairy products and as draft animals (oxen or bullocks) (pulling carts plows and the like).
 Neolysandra is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Cerobasis insularis is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Chaetocrepis besckii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Chaetocrepis.
 Monza alberti the Black Grass Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania.
 Rhodacra pyrrhocrossa is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand Japan Taiwan India and Australia.The forewings are fuscous although the apical halves of the scales are pale. The hindwings are blackish-purple.
 Agonopterix multiplicella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found from Italy Austria Slovakia Poland Ukraine the Baltic region Denmark Sweden Finland and Russia to Japan.The wingspan is 18–19 mm.The larvae feed on Artemisia vulgaris.
 The Tibetan red deer (Cervus canadensis wallichi) also known as shou is a subspecies of Wapiti that is native to the southern Tibetan highlands and Bhutan.
 Coleophora pseudodirectella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Poland.
 Sigmophora is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Alaus is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
 The Opal Copper or Common Opal (Chrysoritis thysbe) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 24-32 mm for males and 23-35 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with peaks in October and March.The larvae feed on Chrysanthemoides incana Chrysanthemoides monilifera Osteospermum polygaloides Lebeckia plukenetiana Aspalathus Zygophyllum and Thesium species. They are attended to by Crematogaster peringueyi ants.
 Oncopera alpina is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital TerritoryNew South Wales and Victoria.The larvae are subterranean and feed on roots and bases of snow grasses (Poa species).
 The Kadavu Honeyeater (Xanthotis provocator) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to the islands of Kadavu in Fiji.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and tropical mangrove forests.The bird is described as being fairly large a bit like Spotted Honeyeater but with a yellowish green bare skin eye-patch bordered by light green feathering around the back end of it on the ear coverts.
 The Iberian nase (Pseudochondrostoma polylepis) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Portugal and Spain. Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Neanderthal anatomy differed from modern humans in that they had a more robust build and distinctive morphological features especially on the cranium which gradually accumulated more derived aspects particularly in certain isolated geographic regions.
 Paramonacanthus japonicus is a filefish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.
 Miratesta is a genus of freshwater air-breathing snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails or planorbids. All species in this genus have sinistral or left-coiling shells.Miratesta is the type genus of the tribe Miratestini.
 Common names: western bush viper West African leaf viper more.Atheris chlorechis is a venomous viper species found only in the forests of West Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Girandia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Cinnyricinclus is a genus of relatively small starlings in the Sturnidae family. They are found in wooded habitats of mainland sub-Saharan Africa.
 Bulolia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Both described species are endemic to New Guinea.
 The Sumatran Long-tailed Shrew (Crocidura paradoxura) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eois dryantis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Parnassius schultei is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Tibet and West China.It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 Psittacodrillia diversa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
 Neeyambaspis enigmatica (Enigmatic shield of Neeyamba Hill) is the lesser known of the two species of pituriaspid agnathans. The species lived in estuaries during the Middle Devonian in what is now the Georgina Basin of Western Queensland Australia.N.
 Mordella maroniensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1924.
 Tristan (1878–1897) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from the April 1880 to October 1884 he ran fifty-one times and won twenty-seven races. A useful performer at two and three years old he matured into an outstanding horse in his last three seasons winning important races at distances ranging from six furlongs (the July Cup) to two and a half miles (Ascot Gold Cup) and defeating three winners of the Epsom Derby.
 Nelo is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae. Members of this genus are generally black with pectinate antennae. Although originally placed in the family Lithosiidae (Arctiidae) this genus was transferred to the Geometridae. The range of Nelo includes Bolivia Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador and Peru.
 Dorylus molestus is a species of African army ant.
 Fusinus kilburni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Lampronia pubicornis is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Ireland Great Britain France Spain Germany Austria Hungary and on Sicily.The wingspan is 12–14 mm.The larvae feed on within the young shoots of Rosa pimpinellifolia.
 The white steenbras (Lithognathus lithognathus) is a species of fish in the Sparidae family endemic to South Africa. Due to overfishing primarily by seine netting operations in False Bay the white steenbras is now critically endangered and is about to become a 'no keep' species in South Africa. Massive breeding shoals are illegally wiped out by beach seine netters each year with the authorities doing little to prevent this.
 Turbonilla fackenthallae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Dudusa sphingiformis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Asia including India Burma Korea and Japan.Adults are on wing from May to August.
 Admete bruuni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Hasora vitta commonly known as the Plain Banded Awl is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae which is found in India and parts of Southeast Asia.
 Ancylosis sulcatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Christoph in 1877 and is known from Turkmenistan Syria and Israel.
 Vexillum tumidum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Brown Rock Chat or Indian Chat (Cercomela fusca) is a bird in the chat (Saxicolinae) subfamily and is found mainly in northern and central India. It is often found on old buildings and rocky areas. It resembles a female Indian Robin but lacks the reddish vent and differs in posture and behaviour apart from being larger. In flight it bears some resemblance to thrushes and redstarts. It feeds on insects captured mainly on the ground.
 Greya sparsipunctella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found along the northern California coast. The habitat consists of low forb-rich ocean cliff vegetation and moist coniferous forest.The wingspan is 23-27 mm making it the largest Greya species. The forewings have a very light base colour irrorated with dark brown scales. The hindwings are uniformly greyish brown.
 Parakanchia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Obbia Lark (Spizocorys obbiensis) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family. Endemic to Somalia its natural habitat is sub-tropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Hyalurgus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Palfuria harpago is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.
 Kurtziella rhysa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Eleutherodactylus chalceus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Avocettina bowersii is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels). It was described by Samuel Garman in 1899. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from California U.S.A.; Peru and Chile. It dwells at a depth range of 92-641 metres although the type specimen was collected from a depth of 2692 metres.A. bowersii is believed to be a semelparous species.
 Mesophractias is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mandelia is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Mandeliidae. Both this genus and its family are named after the former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela.
 The Scarlet-collared Flowerpecker (Dicaeum retrocinctum) is a member of the family Dicaeidae about 10 cm long and is endemic to the Philippines.It is found only in Mindoro usually occurring below 1000m in the canopy and edge of the forest and in open country with scattered trees. The call is a series of notes similar to striking two stones together plus a high-pitched `zeet zeet zeet`.
 Cerace xanthothrix is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Assam).The wingspan is 33-48 mm. The forewings are blackish- violet suffused with black along the costal area and narrow streaks of brick-red suffusion. The hindwings are bright orange but brownish-black with a violet gloss and faint yellowish spots posteriorly.
 Roscidotoga sapphiripes is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the north-eastern coast of Queensland.The larvae feed on Elaeocarpus obovatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Iolaus pseudopollux is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-western Uganda.The larvae feed on Agelanthus zizyphifolius.
 Tenaturris dysoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Common Flower Moth (Schinia pulchripennis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including California and Nevada.The wingspan is 17–21 mm. The larvae feed on Castilleja exserta.
 Pseudis cardosoi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes pastureland and ponds.
 Stenoptilodes heppneri is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Venezuela.The wingspan is about 17 millimetres (0.67 in). Adults are on wing in January.
 Pseudohermonassa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. Some species were formerly placed in Xestia.
 Afrothorictus latus is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Afrothorictus.
 Paractinoceras is a long straight slender actinocerid ammonite with siphuncular segments in the early stages like those of Actinoceras becoming narrower in the later stages of the chambered phragmocone like those in Ormoceras. As with Kochoceras and Floweroceras Paractinoceras is considered a separate genus within the Actinoceratidae distinct from Actinoceras.
 Elfridia is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Gymnarthridae.
 Brabirodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Agonopterix liturosa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe (except most of the Balkan Peninsula). It is also found in the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 17–20 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Hypericum species. They spin together the shoots of their host plant and feed from within. Larvae can be found from May to June. They are whitish grey-green with a silky sheen and a yellowish brown head.
 The Black-headed Trogon (Trogon melanocephalus) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.It is found in Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Austral Thrush (Turdus falcklandii) is a medium sized thrush from southern South America. There are two subspecies the Magellan Thrush (T. f. magellanicus) from south Argentina and south and central Chile and the Falkland Thrush (T. f. falcklandii) from the Falkland Islands.The Austral Thrush is similar to the European Blackbird also of the genus Turdus with a yellow bill and feet a dark brown head back and wings and paler underparts. The smaller T. f.
 Sewa taiwana is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Turbonilla eritima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Sacatonia is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Rat snakes are medium to large constrictors found through a great portion of the Northern Hemisphere. They feed primarily on rodents and birds. With some species exceeding 3 m (10 ft) in total length they can occupy top levels of some food chains. Many species make attractive and docile pets and one the corn snake is one of the most popular reptile pets in the world.[citation needed] Other species can be very skittish and sometimes aggressive but bites are seldom serious.
 Judeichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Cenomanian.
 Acrocercops chalinosema is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1936. The hostplant for the species is an unidentified species of Bridelia.
 The Cuban yellow bat (Lasiurus insularis) is a species of bat from the family Vespertilioninae. It was previously included as a subspecies of the Northern yellow bat a species that has a similar ecology and biology. The species is endemic to Cuba specifically the Las Villas Province in Cienfuegos and it is listed under the IUCN Red List as vulnerable due to its ongoing population reduction and relatively small geographic range.
 Xenomystax bidentatus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Earl Desmond Reid in 1940.
 The echium leaf miner (Dialectica scalariella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from France to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and the Balkan Peninsula. Recently an imago was found in Great Britain.
 Phyllonorycter distentella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Germany to Portugal Italy and Hungary and from Great Britain to southern Russia.The wingspan is 8–9 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and again in August.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine. The lower epidermis has numerous extremely fine folds.
 Anaxidia is a genus of Limacodid moths found in Australia including Western Australia.
 Synodontis macropunctata is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Angola where it occurs in the Uamba River and in tributaries of the Luachimo River. This species grows to a length of 22.9 centimetres (9.0 in) SL.
 The Chinese Birch Mouse (Sicista caudata) also known as the Long-tailed Birch Mouse is a species of jumping mouse found in Northeast Asia. It has been reported from the Ussuri region of Manchuria Sakhalin Island and Primorsky Krai in Russia and northern North Korea. It is listed as data deficient by the IUCN.The Chinese Birch Mouse favors riversides and wetlands but is also found in cultivated land. It builds its nest made of a woven ball of grass in the crevices of bushes.
 Abyssocottus gibbosus is a deepwater sculpin. It was described by Lev Berg in 1906. It is a freshwater fish which is endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia. It dwells at a depth range of 400-1600 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 14 centimetres.
 The Western Jackdaw (Corvus monedula) also known as the Eurasian Jackdaw European Jackdaw or simply Jackdaw is a passerine bird in the crow family. Found across Europe western Asia and North Africa it is mostly resident although northern and eastern populations migrate south in winter. Four subspecies are recognised which mainly differ in the colouration of the plumage on the head and nape. Linnaeus first described it formally giving it the name Corvus monedula.
 Agdistis criocephala is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa and Namibia.
 The skeleton tarantula Ephebopus murinus is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae (tarantulas) sub-family Aviculariinae. A New World species it is native to several South American countries. Its common name is derived from the skeleton-like markings on its legs.
 Siga is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Manduca difissa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from most of South America.The wingspan is 100-105 mm. Adults have been recorded from July to August and from September to December.
 The Heath Hen (Tympanuchus cupido cupido) was a distinctive subspecies of the Greater Prairie Chicken Tympanuchus cupido a large North American bird in the grouse family or possibly a distinct species that became extinct in 1932.Heath hens lived in the scrubby heathland barrens of coastal North America from southernmost New Hampshire to northern Virginia in historical times but possibly south to Florida prehistorically.[citation needed] The prairie chickens Tympanuchus species on the other hand inhabited prairies from Texas north to Indiana and the Dakotas and in earlier times in mid-southern Canada.Heath hens were extremely common in their habitat during Colonial times but being a gallinaceous bird they were hunted by settlers extensively for food. 
 Scopula costata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Gymnoscelis kennii is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Novactaea is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species:Novactaea bella Guinot 1976Novactaea michaelseni (Odhner 1925)Novactaea modesta (De Man 1888)Novactaea pulchella (A. Milne-Edwards 1865)↑
 Herewardia kesteveni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Polionota is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Methydata is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Augrabies schotiaphaga is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Augrabies.
 Scinax blairi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
 Rhinoptilus is a genus of coursers a group of wading birds. There are four species which breed in Africa and South Asia.They have long legs short wings and long pointed bills which curve downwards. Although classed as waders they inhabit deserts and similar arid regions.Like the pratincoles the coursers are found in warmer parts of the Old World.
 Ptilinus pectinicornis is a species of beetles in the genus Ptilinus of the family Anobiidae.
 The White-wedged Piculet (Picumnus albosquamatus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and dry savanna.
 Fusceulima projectilabrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Pygarctia pterygostigma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1909. It is found in Mexico New Mexico and southern Texas.The wingspan is about 28 mm. The forewings are grey with a yellowish-white mark. Adults are on wing from June to September.
 Chamaelycus is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly referred to as banded snakes. The commonly accepted species in the genus Chamaelycus are:Christy's banded snake - C. christyiAfrican banded snake - C. fasciatusParker's banded snake - C. parkeriWerner's banded snake - C. werneri
 Zusidava serratilinea is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 23-27 mm. Adults are on wing in June July and October.The larvae feed on the leaves of Prunus phaeostica phaeosticta. Mature larvae fix the terminal end of a leaf with silk at the mid-rib to pupate inside.
 Andersonites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Orville (1799–1826) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from August 1801 until October 1807 the horse ran thirty-four times and won twenty races. In his early career he was based in Yorkshire and won the classic St Leger Stakes at Doncaster Racecourse as a three-year-old in 1802.He had some success in the next two seasons before being sold to the Prince of Wales and being moved to campaign in the south of England.
 Cimmerites is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cimmerites aibgensis Belousov 1998 Cimmerites convexus Belousov 1998 Cimmerites elegans Belousov 1998 Cimmerites grandis Belousov 1998 Cimmerites kryzhanovskii Belousov 1998 Cimmerites kurnakovi Jeannel 1960 Cimmerites morozovi Dolzhanski & Ljovuschkin 1990 Cimmerites ovatus Belousov 1998 Cimmerites serrulatus Winkler 1926 Cimmerites similis Belousov 1998 Cimmerites subcylindricus Belousov 1998 Cimmerites vagabundus Belousov 1998 Cimmerites zamotajlovi Belousov 1998↑
 Scrobipalpa salinella the Sea-aster Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found Europe along the coast and in inland halophytic habitats. In the east the range extends through Siberia and Central Asia to Mongolia. It is also found in North Africa.The wingspan is 11–15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on Arthrocnemum fruticosum Arthrocnemum macrostachyum and Salicornia euopaea. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Vexillum multitriangulum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Eagris tigris the Western Tiger Flat is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic Angola Sudan the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Blue-and-white Flycatcher (Cyanoptila cyanomelana) is a migratory songbird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. The species also known as the Japanese Flyctacher is the only species in the genus Cyanoptila. It breeds in Japan Korea and in parts of north eastern China and far eastern Russia. It winters in South East Asia especially in Vietnam Cambodia Thailand Sumatra and Borneo.
 Gigantidas coseli is a species of large deepwater hydrothermal vent mussel a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae the mussels. This species is endemic to the waters of the Bonin Islands of Japan.
 Cosmosoma centralis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro São Paulo).
 Stigmella cerasi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Cerasus species.
 Nemophora divina is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in continental China.
 The Palpimanoidea are a superfamily of eight-eyed spiders with three containing families: Huttoniidae Palpimanidae StenochilidaeThe Palpimanoidea (together with the seven families of Dionycha) are the only spider group with no cribellate members.Recent molecular analysis indicates that Palpimanoidea is probably not monophyletic (Rix et al. 2008).
 Peristernia scabra is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Proeulia vanderwolfi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (O’Higgins Province).The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous cream.
 Taeniostola is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Zodarion pusio is a spider species found in Bosnia-Hercegovina Croatia France Italy and Tunisia.
 Amalda trachyzonus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Carteris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Utetheisa aruensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found on the Aru Islands.
 The two to four species of Polynesian sandpipers the only members of the genus Prosobonia are small wading birds confined to remote Pacific islands of French Polynesia. Only one species now exists and it is rare and little known. This bird is sometimes separated in the genus Aechmorhynchus restricting the genus to the extinct southern forms.The Tuamotu Sandpiper P.
 Hyloconis bicruris is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in China (Sichuan).
 Arrenoseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Bibio marci or St. Mark's fly is a fly from the family Bibionidae. Their common name comes from the fact that the adults usually emerge around St Mark's Day 25th April.
 Cristilabrum primum is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Common names: terciopelo fer-de-lance (more).Bothrops asper is a venomous pit viper species ranging from southern Mexico to northern South America. Sometimes referred to as the ultimate pit viper these snakes are found in a wide range of lowland habitats often near human habitations. Its proximity to human habitations is likely the reason why it is considered more dangerous to humans than others. This species is the main cause of snakebite incidents within its range.
 Leuculopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hermeuptychia maimoune is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Butler in 1870. It is found in Peru.
 Within the insect order Hymenoptera Halictinae is the largest most diverse and most recently diverged of the four unique Halictidae subfamilies.
 Vasates is a genus of mites in the family Eriophyidae which cause galls on the leaves of trees including the following species: Vasates aceriscrumena (Riley & Vasey 1870) Vasates quadripedes (Shimer 1869)↑
 Eleutherodactylus marahuaka is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Hexacinia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Sage Skipper (Muschampia proto) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Morocco Algeria the Iberian Peninsula southern France Italy Sicily Greece and in Macedonia.The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm although there are specimens with a forewing length of 15–17 mm in Morocco. This is a rather variable species but usually has a well-marked central spot on the forewing to distinguish it from similar species.
 Diminovula stigma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Middleground (1947–1972)was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.Ridden by 16-year-old apprentice jockey Bill Boland and trained by Max Hirsch both future U.S. Hall of Fame inductees Middleground won the 1950 Kentucky Derby finished second to Hill Prince after a rough trip in the Preakness Stakes and won the Belmont Stakes.Middleground died in 1972 and the gravesite is on the King Ranch in Kingsville Texas.
 Calonotos niger is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Kuschelydrus phreaticus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Kuschelydrus.
 Agriphila tersellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain Portugal France Italy Austria Croatia Slovakia Hungary Romania Bulgaria Greece Morocco Algeria Tunisia Asia Minor Turkmenistan Syria Lebanon Iran and Transcaucasia.The wingspan is 22–26 mm.
 User Friendly (foaled February 4 1989 in England) is a European Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Dasyarctia is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics. It includes only one species Dasyarctia grisea which is found in South Africa and Tanzania.
 Amaurobius crassipalpis is a spider species found in Germany Switzerland and Italy.
 The Ecuadorian Piculet (Picumnus sclateri) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 The brachyceran infraorder Stratiomyomorpha is a small group that consists primarily of the family Stratiomyidae and two small related families.The larvae are often saprophages and many can be found in rotting wood.
 Calosoma auropunctatum is a species of ground beetle. This species was previously classified as Calosome maderae ssp. auropunctatum. This species is found from Europe (except in western and southwestern parts) eastward to Anatolia Central Asia and western China and Mongolia.
 Palfuria caputlari is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.
 Charaxes doubledayi Doubleday’s Untailed Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Bioko the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and western Tanzania. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 The axolotl (/ˈæksəlɒtəl/; etymol. Nāhuatl āxōlōtl [aːˈʃoːloːt͡ɬ] (singular) or āxōlōmeh [aːˈʃoːloːmeʔ] (plural) water monster) also known as a Mexican salamander (Ambystoma mexicanum) or a Mexican walking fish is a neotenic salamander closely related to the tiger salamander. Although the axolotl is colloquially known as a walking fish it is not a fish but an amphibian. The species originates from numerous lakes such as Lake Xochimilco underlying Mexico City.
 Erythrolamprus ocellatus commonly known as the Tobago false coral is a species of colubrid snake which is endemic to the island of Tobago (in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago).
 Gyrineum concinnum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Tritonia palmeri is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Epicrocis poliochyta is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Turner in 1924 and is known from Australia.
 Capperia raptor is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Colorado Indiana and Canada.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The abdomen is brown mixed with dark fuscous. The forewings are ferruginous-fuscous irrorated with dark fuscous. There is a small dark fuscous spot on the base of the cleft.
 Letouzeya mirabilis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Letouzeya.
 Damias rufobasalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Seram.
 Yunnanilus pleurotaenia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 For the European Titmouse see Tit (bird)Baeolophus is a genus of bird commonly known as titmice in the Paridae family all of which are native to North America.
 Pseudosphinx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Tapinodoxa is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Hippocampus severnsi is one of the smallest known seahorses reaching a maximum adult size of just 1.3 cm. It is usually dark brown in colour with a large red patch covering its shoulder. This species is known from Southeast Asia and the Pacific Islands.
 Asiamordella furvis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Asiamordella.
 Xenochaeta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Dolicholatirus fernandesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Lophioturris polytropus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Mordellistena kraatzi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1876 by Emery.
 Turbonilla bartonella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Dartfishes are a subfamily Ptereleotrinae of goby-like fishes in the family Microdesmidae of the order Perciformes. They are saltwater fish.[citation needed]The dartfishes were briefly raised to family status but have now been re-incorporated into the family Microdesmidae as a subfamily.
 The Greek lamprey (Eudontomyzon hellenicus) (also known as the Greek brook lamprey) is a species of jawless fish in the Petromyzontidae family. It is endemic to Greece. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss. This species may be better included in the genus Caspiomyzon. It is the most endangered species of lamprey. It lives only in the Strymon and Louros river basins.
 For the ground beetle genus erroneously named Amastus by Motschulsky in 1865 see Rhytisternus.Amastus is a genus of arctiine tussock moths (tribe Phaegopterini of the family Arctiidae). Its delimitation versus Hemihyalea has long been problematic. It was recently pointed out that the type species of Hemihyalea (the old Phaegoptera cornea) is actually closely enough related to that of Amastus(P. collaris) to warrant inclusion in the present genus.
 Hemicrepidius is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
 Acromyrmex landolti is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini.
 Papilio peranthus is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found from the Philippines and Malaysia to Indonesia (including Sumatra Java Borneo and Sulawesi)The wingspan is 70-90 mm.
 Idaea sugillata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 19-23 mm.
 Augaptilidae is a family of copepods comprising the following genera:Alrhabdus Grice 1973Augaptilina G. O. Sars 1920Augaptilus Giesbrecht 1889Centraugaptilus G. O. Sars 1920Euaugaptilus G. O. Sars 1920Haloptilus Giesbrecht in Giesbrecht & Schmeil 1898Heteroptilus G. O. Sars 1920Pachyptilus G. O. Sars 1920Pontoptilus G. O. Sars 1905Pseudaugaptilus G. O. Sars 1907Pseudhaloptilus Wolfenden 1911Pseudohaloptilus Wolfenden 1911↑
 Xestobium is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.
 Coleophora struella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France and on the Iberian Peninsula.The larvae feed on Lavandula and Thymus vulgaris. They create a conical light brown to greyish lobe case. The lobes are large and very neatly arranged transversely. Full-grown cases are found in April and May.
 Maxacteon craticulatus is a species of small sea snail a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae the barrel bubble snails.
 Mitromorpha exigua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Paranthrene porphyractis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Uganda.
 Sharpe’s Lobe-billed Parotia also known as Sharpe’s Lobe-billed Riflebird is a bird in the family Paradisaeidae that is an intergeneric hybrid between a Long-tailed Paradigalla and Western Parotia.
 The wooly darkling beetle Eleodes osculans is a common nocturnal insect in coastal southern California. As a stink beetle of genus Eleodes its easily observed defensive posture is to raise its hind end and secrete an unpleasant odor. Of the darkling beetles in North America only the wooly and its relative Eleodes pilosus are covered in visible fuzz; but E. osculans alone has brightly colored reddish brown hair atop its black elytra.
 Hyporhamphus collettei is a halfbeak from the Hemiramphidae family.It was named after American ichthyologist Bruce Baden Collette.[citation needed]Found along the Western Atlantic it is endemic to the nearshore marine waters of Bermuda.
 Rasbora kottelati is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Cosmopterix thebe is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Peru (Loreto).Adults have been recorded in March.
 Elachista compsa is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and the Baltic region to Germany Poland to Italy.The wingspan is 8–11 millimetres (0.31–0.43 in).The larvae feed on Deschampsia cespitosa and Melica nutans uniflora. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a narrow gallery that ascends from the lower third of the leaf up to the leaf tip where it reverses direction.
 Nanomantinae is a praying mantis subfamily in the family Iridopterygidae.
 Coleophora varisequens is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China (Inner Mongolia).The wingspan is 9-12 mm.
 Anthela adriana is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Greya politella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found from southern British Columbia to the Channel Islands of California and the southern Sierra Nevada and from the Pacific coast to eastern Idaho and south-western Colorado. It is found in a variety of habitats ranging from open oak woodlands in the south to open grassland and the edges of dry open ponderosa pine forests in the north as well as sagebrush steppe in Washington.The wingspan is 11.5-20 mm.
 Amsacta flavicostata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1916. It is found in Cameroon and Togo.
 Eugoa pulchra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in western Malaysia.
 Hoshihananomia katoi is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1957.
 Endotricha flavofascialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in Russia and Japan.
 Zanola lychnica is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1920. The type location is Upper Madre de Dios probably referring to the Madre de Dios River in Peru.
 The redhook myleus Myloplus rubripinnis is a medium to large omnivorious fish of the family Serrasalmidae found in the Amazon River in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. It is peaceful and schools often and can grow to a length of 11 in. They are also called the redhook silver dollar and are one of the fish referred to as silver dollars. These fish are capable of delivering serious bites to humans.
 The Common Dart or Nomad Dart (Andronymus neander) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in tropical Africa. The habitat consists of moist woodland forest margins and riparian vegetation from sea level up to altitudes of 2400 metres.The wingspan is 38–46 mm for males and 42-48 for females. Adults are on wing from September to April in South Africa.
 Torpedostripe Haplochromis and Haplochromis 'torpedo stripe' redirect here. This can also mean Mylochromis/Sciaenochromis gracilis.The Torpedostripe Haplochromis (Haplochromis gracilior) known in the aquarium fish trade as Haplochromis 'torpedo stripe' is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda. This species can reach a length of 10.4 centimetres (4.1 in) SL.
 Tritonia undulata is a species of sea slug a dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Gunda thwaitesii is a species of moth in the family Bombycidae. It was described by Moore in 1883. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Prochoreutis chionocosma is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Coleophora bantuella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Phoxacromion kaneharai is a species of goby native to the Pacific waters around the Ryukyus where it occurs in sheltered bays at depths of from 2 to 3 metres (6.6 to 9.8 ft). This fish seeks shelter under pieces of rubble on pebble or sandy substrates. Males of this species grow to a length of 2.2 centimetres (0.87 in) SL while females only reach a length of 2 centimetres (0.79 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Morwongs (also called butterfish fingerfins jackassfish snappers and moki) are perciform fishes comprising the family Cheilodactylidae. Most of the almost 30 species are found in temperate and subtropical oceans in the Southern Hemisphere but three (Cheilodactylus quadricornis C. zebra and C. zonatus) are restricted to northwest Pacific off Japan and China and C.
 The Traveller or Bent-line Carpet (Costaconvexa centrostrigaria) is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is native to most of North America except the Arctic. It is an introduced species in Great Britain the Canary Islands the Azores and Madeira.The wingspan is 17–23 mm. The wings are pale gray to reddish-brown. The antemedial and postmedial lines form dark brown bands. There is a small black discal spot on all wings. The species is sexually dimorphic.
 Harayir (foaled 22 March 1992) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from June 1994 to October 1995 she ran thirteen times and won six races. As a two-year-old she won two races including the Group Two Lowther Stakes at York.
 Eupithecia flexicornuta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Agrotis epicremna is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Molokai Maui and East Maui.The larvae are thought to feed on Argyroxiphium species.
 Annulobalcis is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Abernant (1946–1970) was British Thoroughbred racehorse who is considered by many as the greatest British sprinter of the 20th century according to Godolphin Racing. In a racing career which lasted from May 1948 until 1950 he ran seventeen times and won fourteen races. He was the best British two-year-old of 1948 and returned from a narrow defeat in the 2000 Guineas to become the dominant sprinter in England in 1949 and 1950.
 Texella cokendolpheri is a rare species of arachnid known by the common name Cokendolpher Cave harvestman. It may also be called the Robber Baron cave harvestman. It is endemic to Texas in the United States where it is only known from a single cave in Bexar County. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This is a small eyeless or essentially eyeless harvestman. It is pale orange in color. It is a troglobite that lives its whole life in a subterranean karst cave.
 Thrincophora archboldi is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Aethiothemis basilewskyi is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 The Dolphin Gull (Leucophaeus scoresbii) sometimes erroneously called the Red-billed Gull (a somewhat similar but unrelated species from New Zealand) is a gull native to southern Chile and Argentina and the Falkland Islands. It is a coastal bird inhabiting rocky muddy and sandy shores and is often found around seabird colonies. They have greyish feathers and the feathers on their wings are a darker shade.
 Mordella lunulata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1865.
 The Cerro Pando Salamander (Bolitoglossa compacta) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scuticaria okinawae is a moray eel found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It is commonly known as the Shorttailed snake moray Shorttail moray Seale's moray eel or the Bennett's moray.
 Cascade frog redirects here. For the North American species Rana cascadae see Cascades Frog.Amolops is a quite large genus of true frogs (family Ranidae) native mainly to eastern and southeastern Asia. These frogs are quite closely related to such genera as Huia Meristogenys Odorrana Pelohylax and Rana but still form a distinct lineage among the core radiation of true frogs.
 Mercuria is a genus of small brackish water snails or freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Valenciennea puellaris the Orange-spotted sleeper-goby Orange-dashed goby or Maiden goby is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits lagoons and outer reefs where it occurs on sandy substrates with larger pieces of rubble to burrow under. It can reach a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) SL. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.
 Stigmella ostryaefoliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Ohio New Jersey New York Florida and Ontario.There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants including Carya (including Carya ovata) Ostrya and Carpinus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Common names: Hopi rattlesnake Arizona prairie rattlesnake prairie rattlesnake.Crotalus viridis nuntius is a venomous pitviper subspecies native primarily to the desert plateau of the northeastern portion of the American state of Arizona but also ranges into northwestern New Mexico. Named for the Native American Hopi tribe which inhabits the region its range overlaps that of the dominate subspecies and some interbreeding is believed to occur. The taxonomy of the C.
 Tripteroides sp. No. 2 is a species of mosquito in the genus Tripteroides which has not yet been formally named. It is endemic to Sabah Malaysian Borneo. T. sp. No. 2 is placed in the subgenus Rachionotomyia. In its larval stage T. sp. No. 2 develops in the pitchers of Nepenthes species especially N. rajah. As such it is considered a nepenthebiont.
 Tylochromis is a genus of African fishes in the family Cichlidae. They are the only members of the tribe Tylochromini. Many of the species are endemic to the Congo River Basin but there are also species in Lake Tanganyika Cameroon Nigeria and West Africa from Ghana to Gambia.
 Gomophia egyptiaca (Egyptian sea star) is a species of sea star from Ophidiasteridae family.
 Acanthodoris nanaimoensis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidorididae.
 Onchidella miusha is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The European hedgehog (Erinaceus europaeus: Linnaeus 1758) or common hedgehog is a hedgehog species found in western Europe from Spain and Italy northwards into Scandinavia. It is a generally common and widely distributed species that can survive across a wide range of habitat types. It is also a well-known species and is a favourite in European gardens both for its endearing appearance and insectivorous habits.
 Coleophora capitargentella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.
 Ancylosis mimeugraphella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Balinsky in 1989. It is found in South Africa and Namibia.
 Oecornis nidicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Oecornis.
 Coleophora caucasica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Asia Minor.
 Mexican Redhorse (Moxostoma austrinum) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Moxostoma.
 The White-fronted Amazon (Amazona albifrons) also known as the White-fronted Parrot or adopted slang term Spectacled Amazon Parrot is a Central American species of parrot. Not to be confused with the Red-spectacled Amazon. They also can imitate a range from 30 to 40 different sounds. Like other large parrots the White-fronted Parrot has a long potential life span usually around 40 years.
 Caloptilia leptophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Nigeria and South Africa.
 Astatoreochromis is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to riverine habitats in East Africa. Tilapia bemini usually placed in the tilapiines may be rather close to this genus. However extensive hybridization capabilities of African cichlids seriously confound analyses of phylogeny based on mtDNA while morphological analyses tend to yield little information due to widespread parallel evolution.
 The Anostomidae are a family of ray-finned fishes that belong to the order Characiformes. Closely related to the Chilodontidae and formerly included with them the Anostomidae contain over 140 described species. Commonly known as anostomids they are found in freshwater habitats from the Río Atrato in northernmost South America to warm-temperate central Argentina; they are of Amazonian origin with few found west of the Andes (mainly in Colombia and Venezuela).
 Fundulus zebrinus is a species of fish in the Fundulidae known by the common name plains killifish. It is native to North America where it is distributed throughout the Mississippi River Colorado River and Rio Grande drainages and other river systems; many of its occurrences represent introduced populations.This fish grows up to about 6.9 centimeters long with a maximum length of 8 to 10 centimeters. Its lifespan is up to 3 years but most fish do not exceed two.
 Crocotania crocota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Distrito Federal).
 Lycaugesia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eupithecia horrida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Glossogobius matanensis is a species of goby endemic to Sulawesi Indonesia where it is only known from Lake Matano Lake Mahalona and Lake Towuti. This species can reach a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) TL.
 Ozyptila strandi is a crab spider species found in Montenegro.
 Dasumia is a spider genus.
 Aloeides conradsi Conrad’s Copper is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of savanna.Both sexes are attracted to flowers.
 Perotis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Perotis aereiventris Reiche 1861 Perotis bruckmanni Heer 1862 Perotis chloranus (Laporte & Gory 1836) Perotis cupratus (Klug 1829) Perotis hausmanni Heyden 1862 Perotis laevigatus Massalogo 1855 Perotis lavateri Heer 1847 Perotis lugubris (Fabricius 1777) Perotis margotanus (Novak 1983) Perotis planidorsis Liskenne 1994 Perotis reditus Heyden 1862 Perotis striatus Spinola 1837 Perotis susannae (Novak 1983) Perotis unicolor (Olivier 1790) Perotis xerxes (Marseul 1865)↑
 Lusitanops bullioides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Thomas's pika (Ochotona thomasi) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is endemic to China. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Apamea perstriata is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Lobogenesis riesteri is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Hewitsoniella migonitis is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Chersotis poliogramma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Kashmir.
 Exelastis boireaui is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Obrima is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Datnioides also known as freshwater tripletails or tigerfishes is the only genus in the family Datnioididae. The species of this genus are found in fresh and brackish waters of coastal areas and rivers estuaries in South and Southeast Asia.Tigerfishes are closely related to the family Lobotidae (tripletails).
 Pyrgocythara albovittata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Elvira is a genus of hummingbirds. It consists of two small species.They are: White-tailed Emerald Elvira chionuraCoppery-headed Emerald Elvira cupreicepsCoppery-headed Emerald is endemic to Costa Rica but White-tailed Emerald also breeds in neighbouring Panama.
 Bracca subfumosa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Borneo and Sumatra.
 Phyllonorycter arizonella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Arizona).The larvae feed on Arbutus arizonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a broad tract with loosened epidermis. It is somewhat greenish at first but later turns brown. It is found on the upperside of the leaf.
 Jocara desideria is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in South America.
 The Sumatran Partridge or Sumatran Hill Partridge (Arborophila sumatrana) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is found in highland forests in central Sumatra Indonesia. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Grey-breasted Partridge (A. orientalis).
 The Strong-billed Honeyeater (Melithreptus validirostris) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is one of two species of the genus Melithreptus endemic to Tasmania.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Irajatherium is a genus known only by the species Irajatherium hernadezi. (Martinelli 2005). It's named in honor of Irajá Damiani Pinto.
 Odostomia audax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The orange-dotted tuskfish Choerodon anchorago is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean from Sri Lanka eastward to French Polynesia in the western Pacific. Its range extends north to the Ryukyus and south to New Caledonia. It inhabits reefs at depths from 1 to 25 m (3.3 to 82.0 ft). This species can reach a length of 50 cm (20 in). It is commercially important and can be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Blue-headed Wood Dove (Turtur brehmeri) also known as Blue-headed Dove is a medium-sized up to 25 cm long rufous brown wood-dove with bluish-grey head an iridescent green patches on wings reddish bill dark brown iris and dark red feet. Both sexes are similar.
 Scopula monotropa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Amphiarius phrygiatus is a species of sea catfish which occurs in brackish estuaries with very low salinities nearly entering freshwater and is found on shallow muddy bottoms ranging through Venezuela Guyana Surinam French Guiana and Brazil. It grows to about 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. As with other Arriid catfishes this species is a mouthbrooder. The female A. phrygiatus lays her eggs in a gelatinous mass on a sandy depression for the male to collect to mouthbrood.
 Mordellistena lemoulti is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1929 by Maurice Pic.
 The genus Pleurobranchus is a genus of sea slugs specifically side-gill slugs marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Littoraria irrorata common name the Marsh periwinkle is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae.This species occurs in salt marshes on the Atlantic coast and Gulf Coast of North America from Massachusetts to Texas. Some colonies of this species of snail are the only mollusks known to practice fungiculture.
 Dolomena labiosa common name : the Thick-lipped Conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Hysteropterum is a genus of 'planthoppers' described by Amyot & Serville in 1843 belonging to the family Issidae subfamily Issinae. Species of this genus are mainly present in Austria France Italy Spain Portugal Switzerland and in North Africa.The adult 'planthoppers' reach 5–7 millimetres (0.20–0.28 in) of length the basic coloration of their body is mostly pale brown or yellowish with well drawn veins on wings.
 Mimoides protodamas is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. The common name is False Polysticto with reference to the similarity of this species with Battus polystictus.
 Globodera pallida is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Gatesclarkeana is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Sassia epitrema is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Ethmia orestella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Colorado.The length of the forewings is 9.2-9.9 mm. The ground color of the forewings is uniformdull gray-brown with a longitudinal pale streak. The ground color of the hindwings is smokybrown slightly paler than the forewings.
 Eotitanosuchidae is an extinct family of biarmosuchian therapsids.The Eotitanosuchidae were large predatory therapsids of the Wordian epoch.It was once considered to belong to a separate infraorder of therapsids called Eotitanosuchia.
 Agapanthia pustulifera is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Near East as Israel Syria Lebanon. Agapanthia pustulifera's life cycle lasts 1 year. This beetle is approximately 13–19 mm in length.
 The Broad-billed Warbler (Tickellia hodgsoni) is a species of bush warbler (family Cettiidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage and belongs to the monotypic genus Tickellia.It is found in Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Nepal and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Colostethus ornatus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Eulepidotis hemithea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Panama and Guyana.
 Chrysomya rufifacies is a species belonging to the blow fly family Calliphoridae and is most significant in the field of forensic entomology due to its use in establishing or altering postmortem intervals. The common name for the species is the hairy maggot blow fly and it belongs to the genus Chrysomya which is commonly referred to as the Old World screw-worms. This genus includes other species such as Chrysomya putoria and Chrysomya bezziana which are agents of myiasis.
 Petruichthys brevis common name Inle loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Petruichthys.
 The deep-water catshark Apristurus profundorum is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the western Atlantic from Delaware Bay to Suriname and from the eastern Atlantic from Morocco and northwest Africa.
 Myctophum nitidulum common name pearly lanternfish is a species of deep sea fish in the family Myctophidae the lanternfish.
 Scleromystax macropterus is a species of catfish of the family Callichthyidae. S. macropterus inhabits coastal rivers of Brazil from São Paulo to Santa Catarina State and some tributaries of the upper Paraná River.
 Inermocoelotes deltshevi is a funnel-web spider species found in Bulgaria.
 Catoptria siliciellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Bulgaria Asia Minor Iran (Larestan) and Transcaucasia.The wingspan is 27–30 mm.
 The Varied Honeyeater (Lichenostomus versicolor) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Harttia kronei is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Ribeira de Iguape River basin. This species grows to a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) SL.
 Orophia haeresiella is a species of moths in the family Oecophoridae. It was described by Wallengren in 1875 and is known from South Africa.
 Rhamphochromis macrophthalmus is a species of piscivorous cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers open waters at depths of from 30 to 109 metres (98 to 358 ft). This species can reach a length of 28.9 centimetres (11.4 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Anderson's four-eyed opossum Philander andersoni is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its dorsal fur is dark with a black stripe about 3–4 cm wide going vertically down the midline of its back. Its dorsal fur is short about 10 mm long. Its ventral fur is dark gray but still distinctly lighter than the sides and dorsum. Its tail is furred for the first (approximately) 18% of its length going from the base to the tip.
 Nipponacmea is a genus of sea snails the true limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lottiidae.
 Hellinsia discors is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Guyana.The wingspan is 12‑13 mm. The forewings are ochreous‑whitish with a few scattered fuscous and black specks. A slender suffused dark fuscous streak runs along the costa from the base to the cleft. The hindwings are rather dark grey. Adults are on wing from January to March.
 Ramphomicron is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It contains the following species: Black-backed Thornbill (Ramphomicron dorsale) Purple-backed Thornbill (Ramphomicron microrhynchum)
 Hoffmann's Woodpecker Melanerpes hoffmannii is a resident breeding bird from southern Honduras south to Costa Rica. It is a common species on the Pacific slopes locally as high as 2150 m. It is expanding on the Caribbean slope aided by deforestation. This is further facilitated by its tendency to wander about outside the breeding season.The adult Hoffmann's Woodpecker is 18 cm long and weighs 68g. Its upperparts and wings are neatly barred with black and white and it has a white rump.
 Calycemorda brasiliensis is a species of beetle in the Calycemorda genus. It was discovered in 1969.
 Hypargyria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888.
 Netechma eurychlora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Marshosaurus is a genus of medium-sized carnivorous theropod dinosaur belonging to the Megalosauroidea from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of Utah and perhaps Colorado.
 Contradusta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Catalabus is a beetle genus in the family Attelabidae.
 Rochaeva is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Colias balcanica is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Bosnia and Herzegovina Serbia Montenegro the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.
 Platycleis is a genus of insect described by Fieber in 1852 belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae. The species of this genus are present in Europe in North Africa and in Asia. This genus contains the following species:
 The Little Pied Cormorant Little Shag or Kawaupaka (Microcarbo melanoleucos) is a common Australasian waterbird found around the coasts islands estuaries and inland waters of Australia New Guinea New Zealand Malaysia and Indonesia and around the islands of the south-western Pacific and the subantarctic. It is a small short-billed cormorant usually black above and white below with a yellow bill and small crest although a mostly black white-throated form predominates in New Zealand.
 Etyiidae is a prehistoric family of dromiacean crabs only known from Cretaceous and a few Paleocene fossils. Seven genera are included: Caloxanthus A. Milne-Edwards 1864 Etyus Mantell 1822 Etyxanthosia Fraaije Van Bakel Jagt & Artal 2008 Feldmannia Guinot & Tavares 2001 Guinotosia Beschin Busulini De Angeli & Tessier 2007 Etyus Mantell 1822 Xanthosia Bell 1863↑ 1.0 1.1
 Achatina tincta is a species of large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae the giant African snails.
 Polistichus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Polistichus connexus (Geoffroy 1785) Polistichus fasciolatus (P. Rossi 1790) Polistichus inornatus Gestro 1881↑
 Amerila simillima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Australia.
 Geitodoris tema is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Vokesimurex purdyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Chlorurus sordidus known commonly as the daisy parrotfish or bullethead parrotfish is a species of marine fish in the family Scaridae.The daisy parrotfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific region Red Sea included.The daisy parrotfish is a medium size fish and can reach a maximum size of 40 cm length.
 Dorcatoma pallicornis is a species of beetle in the genus Dorcatoma of the family Anobiidae.
 Sternopygus is a genus of glass knifefishes found in tropical South America. There are currently eight described species in this genus.
 Pacifichelys is an extinct sea turtle from the Miocene of Peru and California. It was first named by James F. Parham and Nicholas D. Pyenson in 2010 and the type species is Pacifichelys urbinai from Peru. A second species P. hutchisoni was reassigned from the genus Euclastes. It is known from the Miocene of California.
 Common names: red-lined earth snake red-lined shieldtail Travancore uropeltis.Uropeltis rubrolineata is a nonvenomous shield tail snake species endemic to southern India. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The dryopithecines consists of a tribe of Eurasian apes that are believed to be close to the ancestry of gorillas chimpanzees and humans.
 The Mountain Plover (Charadrius montanus) is a medium-sized ground bird in the plover family (Charadriidae). It is misnamed as it lives on level land. Unlike most plovers it is usually not found near bodies of water or even on wet soil; it prefers dry habitat with short grass (usually due to grazing) and bare ground.
 Leptodactylus labrosus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lopha is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Ostreidae.The genus Lopha is present from the Triassic period in the Lower Norian age (216.5 ± 2.0 – 203.6 ± 1.5 Mya) to the recent age.
 Bebearia schoutedeni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba) and Zambia.
 Scythris empetrella is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It was described by Karsholt & Nielsen in 1976. It is found in Great Britain Spain France Belgium the Netherlands Germany Denmark Norway Sweden Finland Estonia and Lithuania. The habitat consists of sandy heathlands.The wingspan is 8–10 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Empetrum Calluna and Erica species. They form a silken tube containing grains of sand near the base of the foodplant.
 Conus suturatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Epigonus telescopus the black cardinal fish is a species of deepwater cardinalfish found in most temperate oceans worldwide at depths of between 75 and 1200 metres (246 and 3937 ft) though mostly between 300 and 800 metres (980 and 2620 ft). It can reach a length of 75 centimetres (30 in) TL though most specimens do not exceed 55 centimetres (22 in) TL. It has been reported that this species can reach an age of 104 years.
 The ground sloths of the extinct genus Megalocnus (Great Sloth) were among the largest of the Caribbean ground sloths with individuals estimated to have weighed up to 90 kg (200 lb) when alive. Two species are known M. rodens of Cuba and M. zile of Hispaniola. Subfossils of M. rodens indicate survival well into the Holocene prompting speculation that they may have survived in the montane forests of the Cuban highlands until the 15th or 16th century.
 Platycheirus sticticus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Europe across to Siberia.
 The Columbian Sharp-tailed Grouse (Tympanuchus phasianellus columbianus) is a subspecies of Sharp-tailed Grouse native to the Western United States and British Columbia.
 Anoteropsis is a genus of wolf spiders that is endemic to New Zealand.Their body size ranges from 4.2 to 17.4 mm.
 Benthophiloides brauneri is a species of goby native to the fresh and brackish waters of the Black Sea the Caspian Sea and the Sea of Azov as well as their surrounding rivers and estuaries where it is usually found in still waters at depths of around 15 metres (49 ft). Males of this species can reach a length of 7.2 centimetres (2.8 in) SL while females only reach 5.1 centimetres (2.0 in) SL. This fish only lives for one year.
 Attockicetus is an extinct genus of remingtonocetid early whale known from the Middle Eocene (Lutetian) Kuldana Formation in the Kala Chitta Hills in the Attock District of Punjab Pakistan.Thewissen & Hussain 2000 described Attockicetus based on fragmentary cranial material. Their specimen includes a fragmentary rostrum an endocast (interior of cranium) and an ectotympanic (ear bone). The specimen also had preserved cheek teeth P3-M3 which is rare in remingtonocetids.
 Cudonigera is a genus of insects the tribe Archipini.
 Chocophorus carabayus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Argentina Ecuador and Peru.The wingspan is 15-19 mm. The head is scaled in grey-white mixed pale ferruginous scales. The face is grey-brown. The antennae are grey-brown. The thorax and tegulae are pale ferruginous-white with pale ferruginous longitudinal lines. The forewings are dark chocolate grey-brown with white lines converging into asingle spot and a transverse band at one third of the wing.
 Pseudosphex moza is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama.
 Paludicella articulata is a species of freshwater moss animal in the genus Paludicella.
 Suphisellus is a genus of beetles in the family Noteridae containing the following species: Suphisellus anticicollis Guignot 1950 Suphisellus balzani (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus bicolor (Say 1830) Suphisellus binotatus (Fleutiaux & Sallé 1890) Suphisellus brevicornis (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus bruchi (Zimmermann 1919) Suphisellus brunneus Guignot 1950 Suphisellus canthydroides Guignot 1940 Suphisellus cribrosus (Régimbart 1903) Suphisellus curtus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus dilutus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus flavolineatus (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus flavopictus (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus gibbulus (Aubé 1838) Suphisellus globosus (Régimbart 1903) Suphisellus grammicus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus grammopterus (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus grossus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus hieroglyphicus Zimmermann 1921 Suphisellus insularis (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus levis (Fall 1909) Suphisellus lineatus (Horn 1871) Suphisellus majusculus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus melzeri Zimmermann 1925 Suphisellus minimus Gschwendtner 1922 Suphisellus neglectus Young 1979 Suphisellus nigrinus (Aubé 1838) Suphisellus obesus (Régimbart 1903) Suphisellus obscuripennis (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus ovatus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus parsonsi Young 1952 Suphisellus penthimus Guignot 1957 Suphisellus pereirai Guignot 1958 Suphisellus phenax Guignot 1954 Suphisellus pinguiculus (Régimbart 1903) Suphisellus puncticollis (Crotch 1873) Suphisellus remator (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus rotundatus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus rubripes (Boheman 1858) Suphisellus rufulus Zimmermann 1921 Suphisellus sculpturatus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus sexnotatus (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus similis Zimmermann 1921 Suphisellus simoni (Régimbart 1889) Suphisellus subsignatus (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus tenuicornis (Chevrolat 1863) Suphisellus transversus (Régimbart 1903) Suphisellus vacuifer Guignot 1958 Suphisellus varians (Sharp 1882) Suphisellus variicollis Zimmermann 1921 Suphisellus vicinus (Sharp 1882)↑
 Phosinella clathrata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 Plocepasser is a genus of bird classified in the family Passeridae (sparrows) or sometimes in the family Ploceidae (weavers). It contains the following species: Donaldson Smith's Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser donaldsoni) Chestnut-backed Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser rufoscapulatus) Chestnut-crowned Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser superciliosus) White-browed Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser mahali)
 Ptilocephala plumifera is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in most of Europe south of the British Isles and Scandinavia east to the European part of Russia.There is strong sexual dimorphism in the adults. Males have wings but females are wingless. Adults are on wing from March to April.The larvae feed on various grasses and herbs including Thymus and Calluna and possibly mosses.
 The Ichetucknee siltsnail also known as the sand grain snail scientific name Cincinnatia mica is a species of small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Tutufa bardeyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 The Black Caracara (Daptrius ater) is a species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family. Its genus Daptrius is often considered monotypic today though some also include the Red-throated Caracara otherwise separated in Ibycter.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Bumblebee Hummingbird (Atthis heloisa) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is predominantly found in Mexico but has occurred as a vagrant in the United States (Arizona). At 7 to 7.5 cm (2.8 to 3.0 in) it is the smallest bird known to have occurred in North America north of Mexico. At a weight of 2.2 g (0.078 oz) it is one of the smallest birds known to exist in the world. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Turbonilla auricoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The lesser weever Echiichthys vipera is a venomous weever of the family Trachinidae in the order Perciformes and the class Actinopterygii. It is generally found on the sandy sea beds of the open sea near the shore. Lesser weevers may sting swimmers badly if disturbed in the water and fishermen when they clean their fishing nets.The lesser weever grows up to 18 cm long but generally less than 15 cm with an elongated body.
 Mactra is a genus of medium-sized marine bivalve mollusks or clams commonly known as trough shells or duck clams. Mactra is the type genus within the family Mactridae. The word trough in the common name refers to the fact that all Mactra shells have a large ligamental pit at the hinge line which in life contains a large internal ligament. Most bivalves in other families have an external ligament instead.
 Stigmella fuscotibiella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Ohio Pennsylvania Kentucky Colorado Maine Massachusetts Ontario and Nova Scotia.The wingspan is 4-4.5 mm. There are at least three generations per year and larvae may be collected from June until the end of October.The larvae feed on Salix species including Salix nigra and Salix discolor. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Helicarion leopardina is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Xerotricha bierzona is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 Miltochrista inflexa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1878. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam).
 Agdistis is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family and only genus in the Agdistinae subfamily.
 Bolson pupfish (Cyprinodon atrorus) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Tochuina is a genus of sea slugs tritonid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tritoniidae.
 Barbodes dorsimaculatus the Blackline barb is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Sumatra. This species can reach a length of 3.1 centimetres (1.2 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Altagonum noctellum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.
 Eriocraniella trigona is a moth of the Eriocraniidae family. It was described by Davis in 1978. It is found in California.The wingspan is 6-8 mm. The forewings and fringe are uniformly fuscous with a bronzy to purplish iridescence. The hindwings are paler in color more grayish and less iridescent and the scales are moderately broad. Adults are on wing in mid May in one generation per year.
 Trosia is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Thompsonia is a genus of barnacle which has evolved into an endoparasite of other crustaceans including crabs and snapping shrimp. It spreads through the host's body as a network of threads and produces many egg capsules which emerge through joints in the host's shell.
 Assiminea palauensis is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Yuriria is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico. There are three described species in this genus.
 Aethalopteryx tristis is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Namibia Kenya and South Africa.
 Serrivomer danae is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels). It was described by Louis Roule and Léon Bertin in 1924.
 Platyla orthostoma is a species of very small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Aciculidae. This species is endemic to Bulgaria.
 Nebria fasciatopunctata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Austria Croatia and Slovenia.
 Prionus lecontei is a species of longhorn beetle in the genus Prionus. Its range extends from British Columbia to Baja California.
 Opistoclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Opistoclanis hawkeri which is known from China (Yunnan) north-eastern Thailand Laos and northern Vietnam where it has been recorded at altitudes between 888 and 2800 meters.Adults are on wing from late March to early May at the end of the dry season in Thailand.
 Menestho exarata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Tuttia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Orthogonius tangsen is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Lomographa platyleucata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China Bhutan India Nepal and Taiwan.The wingspan is about 42 mm.
 Worcesteria is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Antanartia commonly called (African) Admirals is a genus in the Nymphalidae family found in southern Africa. They live along forest edges and are strongly attracted to rotting fruit and plant juices. For other Admirals see genus Vanessa.
 Jaton decussatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hiroshiinoueana is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Scedella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Orthaga rhodoptila is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The Aztec mouse (Peromyscus aztecus) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.It is found in El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.
 Aglossa thamii is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Leraut in 2003 and is known from Morocco.
 Agaronia nica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Provocator alabastrina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Chionea is a genus of wingless limoniid crane flies. It consists of two subgenera the holarctic Chionea and palaearctic Sphaeconophilus. About 40 species are currently recognized in the northern hemisphere but there are probably several undescribed species. They are commonly called snow flies.
 Chicocenebra is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Coiffaitarctia groisonae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana.
 Phyllodesmium iriomotense is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae.The specific name iriomotense refres to its type locality the island Iriomote.
 Solieria pacifica is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Elusa duplicata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Warren in 1913. It is found in New Guinea.
 Caloptilia scaeodesma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (including the Andaman Islands) Indonesia (the Anambas Islands) Malaysia (Selangor) Sri Lanka and Vanuatu.The larvae feed on Rhizophora and Sonneratia species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Small Pencil-tailed Tree Mouse (Chiropodomys pusillus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Polycopidae is a family of marine ostracods. Its members are related to animals in the suborder Halocypridina but are sufficiently distinct to be placed in their own sub-order Cladocopina. There is speculation that a separate order may be warranted.
 The Gray Checkered Whiptail (Cnemidophorus dixoni) is a species of lizard native to the United States in southern New Mexico and western Texas and northern Mexico. It was once considered a subspecies of the Common Checkered Whiptail Cnemidophorus tesselatus but was later granted full species status. It is one of many lizard species known to be parthenogenic. The epithet dixoni is in homage of renowned herpetologist James R. Dixon which leads some sources to refer to it as Dixon's Whiptail.
 The fiery nudibranch Okenia amoenula is a species of colourful sea slug specifically a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae.
 The Brewer's Blackbird (Euphagus cyanocephalus) is a medium-sized New World blackbird named after the ornithologist Thomas Mayo Brewer.
 Lygocoris pabulinus also known as the common green capsid is a species of bug from the family Miridae which can be found throughout Europe (except for Greece Malta and Iceland). It feeds on plants.
 The Alcyonacea or soft corals are an order of corals which do not produce calcium carbonate skeletons. Soft corals contain minute spiny skeletal elements called sclerites useful in species identification. Sclerites give these corals some degree of support and give their flesh a spiky grainy texture that deters predators.
 Comitas stolida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Ceriantheopsis is a genus of tube-dwelling anemones in the family Cerianthidae. Members of the genus are found only in the Atlantic Ocean. They are predators scavengers and omnivores.
 Bostra is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1863 and is known from Ethiopia Mozambique India and Turkey.
 Apodocreedia vanderhorsti the Longfin burrower is a species of sandburrower native to the Indian Ocean coast of southern Africa where it can be found from Delagoa Bay Mozambique to Durban South Africa. It occurs from the intertidal zone to a depth of approximately 16 metres (52 ft). This species grows to a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Chamunda is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae. It consists of only one species Chamunda chamunda which is found from Assam to Burma Thailand Laos Peninsular Malaysia and possibly Java.
 Hannah (1868–November 1875) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and the second horse to win the English Fillies Triple Crown.
 The Northern Nightingale-Wren (Microcerculus philomela) is a species ofpasserine bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Dorcadion ciscaucasicum is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily.
 Coralliophila giton is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Calisto franciscoi is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola where it is found in the lowland desert.The larvae feed on various species of Bunch grass.
 Plagiopyga is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Plagiopyga camerunica Basilewsky 1984 Plagiopyga chaudoiri Basilewsky 1943 Plagiopyga cyclogona (Chaudoir 1850) Plagiopyga cymindoides Peringuey 1896 Plagiopyga dolichocephala Basilewsky 1954 Plagiopyga endroedyi Basilewsky 1984 Plagiopyga ferruginea Boheman 1848 Plagiopyga leleupi Basilewsky 1950 Plagiopyga lissodera Basilewsky 1954 Plagiopyga namaqua Basilewsky 1984 Plagiopyga rufa (Gory 1833) Plagiopyga taterae Basilewsky 1950 Plagiopyga transvaalensis Barker 1919↑
 Monoceratuncus tantulus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Clubiona decora is a sac spider species found on Madeira the Azores and the Balkans.
 Epicephala zalosticha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland and New South Wales.
 Subulitidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.
 Syntypistis umbrosa is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in India China (Fujian Guangdong Guangxi Hainan Sichuan Yunnan) Taiwan Myanmar Malaysia Indonesia and Vietnam.
 Kessleria diabolica is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in central Spain.The length of the forewings is 6.3 mm. The forewings are whitish with brown scales. The hindwings are dark grey. Adults have been recorded in July.
 The Rusty-bellied Brush Finch (Atlapetes nationi) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Scopula tenuiscripta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Leiocephalus inaguae commonly known as the Inaguae Curly-tailed Lizard is a lizard species from the family of curly-tailed lizards (Leiocephalidae).The males can reach 90mm (3.5 inches) from snout to vent (SVL) the females smaller at about 74mm (3 inches) SVL.
 Chlanidota elongata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Luffia lapidella is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in Europe including The Netherlands and Belgium.The moth flies from June to July depending on the location. Females are wingless and unable to fly.The larvae feed on algae and lichen.
 Thrincophora cinefacta is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia (including Queensland and New South Wales).
 Entomoliva mirabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Serrivomer garmani is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels). It was described by Léon Bertin in 1944.
 The Red Myzomela (Myzomela cruentata) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Haplocochlias is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Skeneidae.
 Sinocyclocheilus lateristriatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Ethope himachala known also as the Dusky Diadem is a species of butterfly in the Satyr subfamily. It is found in parts of Asia including north-western India Assam Burma and Thailand.
 The Natal Spurfowl or Natal Francolin (Pternistis natalensis) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.It is found in Botswana Mozambique South Africa Swaziland Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Ortalis decatomoides is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Eurata plutonica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in Mexico.
 The Purple Grenadier (Uraeginthus ianthinogaster) is a common species of estrildid finch found in eastern Africa.
 Stathmopoda melanochra is a species of moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in Australia and New Zealand.The moth is used as a pest control for the gum-tree scale Eriococcus coriaceu.
 Oenopota ovalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Abantis meneliki is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Somalia and Djibouti.
 Dialipina is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Arhopalus hispaniolae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fisher in 1942.
 Amata janenschi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Seitz in 1926. It is found in Tanzania.
 Afghanocare is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Holophaea vesta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1877. It is found in Surinam and French Guiana.
 The green huntsman spider (Micrommata virescens) is a spider with a palearctic distribution of the huntsman spider (Sparassidae) family. M. virescens is a species occurring naturally in Northern and Central Europe including Denmark.It does not build a web and hunts insects in green vegetation where it is well camouflaged.The green coloration is due to the bilin micromatabilin and its conjugates in haemolymph interstitial tissues and the yolk of oocytes.
 Chrysauge unicolor is a species of snout moths in the genus Chrysauge. It was described by Berg in 1876. It is found in Argentina and Venezuela.
 Pararctia lapponica is a moth of the Arctiinae family. It is found in northern Eurasia and the arctic part of North America.The wingspan is 37–45 mm.The larvae feed on Betula nana Vaccinium uliginosum and Rubus chamaemorus.
 Dentimargo debruini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Native Diver (April 16 1959 – 1967) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 The Chestnut-crowned Becard (Pachyramphus castaneus) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC.It is found in the Amazon Basin of Brazil Colombia Peru Ecuador and Bolivia and regions of Venezuela; also southeastern regions of South America including Brazil Paraguay and very northeastern Argentina.
 Ecrinesomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
 Hyles costata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mongolia and adjacent areas of Russia. There are also records from farther east and south in China (Heilongjiang and Gansu). It is probably much more widely distributed in northern China.The wingspan is 70–82 mm. In China adults are on wing in July. In Mongolia and Russia they are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Aconogonon Polygonum and Rumex species.
 Dactylopteryx intermedia is a species of praying mantis in the genus Dactylopteryx in the order Mantodea.
 Caenorhabditis brenneri is a small nematode closely related to the model organism Caenorhabditis elegans and to other species in the same genus. Its genome is being sequenced by Washington University in St. Louis Genome Sequencing Center. This species has previously been referred to as C. sp 4 and Caenorhabditis sp. CB5161 but was recently formally described and given its scientific name.
 Coreura alcedo is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915.
 Trimerorhachidae is a family of dvinosaurian temnospondyls.
 Liptena similis the Similar Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon.
 Oxyothespis pellucida is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 The Lake Turkana barb (Barbus turkanae) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is endemic to Lake Turkana in Kenya. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Synemon is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Doubleday in 1846. The genus contains 24 described and 20 undescribed species.
 The yellowtail horse mackerel Trachurus novaezelandiae is a jack in the family Carangidae found around Australia and New Zealand at depths of up to 500 m. Its length is up to 50 cm.The yellowtail horse mackerel is very similar to the greenback horse mackerel but has 68 to 73 lateral line scutes compared with 76 to 82 for the greenback horse mackerel.
 The little broad-nosed bat (Scotorepens greyii) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Australia.Little broad-nosed bats roost together in colonies of 2-20 bats. They roost in hollows in oldunused buildings and inside hollow fence posts. They have even been found roosting underneath the metal caps on top of telegraph posts.Little broad-nosed bats feed on flying insects such as mosquitoes.
 Callionymus keeleyi is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is known to occur near the Philippines and Papua New Guinea.
 The clown knifefish Chitala chitala(Bengali: চিতল Tamil: அம்பட்டன்வாளை சொட்டைவாளை or அம்புட்டன் வாழ) is a fish found in India Indonesia and other countries in Southeast Asia. Its main foods are smaller fishes and fish pellets (in aquaria). They are also considered delicacies in other countries especially due to their immense size.
 Leucanopsis similis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Mompha raschkiella is a species of micromoth in the Momphidae family. The moth was discovered by British entomologist Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1838.
 Pleurocolpus boileaui is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Pleurocolpus.
 The Neopilionidae are a family of harvestmen with 15 known species.It has a clearly Gondwanan distribution with species found in Australia South Africa and South America and probably represent relicts of that time.The family members range in size from the small Americovibone lancafrancoae (0.9 mm) to over 4 mm in the Enantiobuninae.Some species of Enantiobuninae have blue pigmentation which is rather unusual in harvestmen.
 The Saint Helena Dove (Dysmoropelia dekarchiskos) was a species of flightless bird in the Columbidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Dysmoropelia. It was endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic Ocean. It is presumed to have been hunted to extinction soon after the island's discovery in 1502.
 Netechma technema is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Glipa separata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1941.
 Sitticus designatus is a species of spiders from Salticidae family that can be found in Ethiopia and South Africa.
 The High Mountain Blue (Agriades franklinii) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Alaska to California.
 Ziba astyagis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Eucyclopera boliviana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Ameerat (foaled 4 April 1998) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from August 2000 to October 2001 she ran seven times and won two races. After winning once from three starts as a two-year-old she won the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse on her first appearance of the 2001 season. Her subsequent career was disappointing as she finished unplaced in her three remaining races.
 The Alpine Argus (Plebejus orbitulus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Alps (ranging from the French Alps to Slovenia and Austria) and the mountains of Norway and Sweden.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Astragalus alpinus.
 Scopula fucata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kyrghyzstan.
 Oobius agrili is a parasitic non-stinging wasp of family Encyrtidae which is native to North Asia. It is a parasitoid of the emerald ash borer (Agrilus planipennis Fairmaire family Buprestidae) an invasive species which has destroyed tens of millions of ash trees in its introduced range in North America.
 Cetti's Warbler /ˈtʃɛti/ Cettia cetti is an Old World warbler. It is a small brown bush-warbler which breeds in southern and central Europe north-west Africa and east southern temperate Asia as far as Afghanistan and north-west Pakistan. The bird is named after the 18th century Italian zoologist Francesco Cetti. This species is very difficult to see because of its skulking habits.
 Cacatua is a genus of cockatoos found from the Philippines and Wallacea east to the Solomon Islands and south to Australia. They have a primarily white plumage (in some species tinged pinkish or yellow) an expressive crest and a black (subgenus Cacatua) or pale (subgenus Licmetis) bill.
 Asaphocrita coronae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Acrocercops albomaculella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 The Grey-and-buff Woodpecker (Hemicircus concretus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cryptocephalus is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae and belonging to the group of case-bearing leaf beetles called the Camptosomata.
 The Shoebill (Balaeniceps rex) also known as Whalehead or Shoe-billed Stork is a very large stork-like bird. It derives its name from its massive shoe-shaped bill. Although it has a somewhat stork-like overall form and has previously been classified in the order Ciconiiformes its true affiliations with other living birds is ambiguous. Some authorities now reclassify it with the Pelecaniformes. The adult is mainly grey while the juveniles are browner.
 Birulia is a genus of shrimp. It is one of a group of genera that are usually treated as part of the family Hippolytidae but have also been separated off as the family Thoridae.
 Choreutis semicincta is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found on Java.
 The dwarf crocodile (Osteolaemus tetraspis) also known as the African dwarf broad-snouted or bony crocodile is an African crocodile. It is also the smallest extant crocodile species in the world. Recent sampling has identified three genetically distinct populations. Some feel that the findings should elevate the subspecies to full species status.
 Exilia vagrans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Tinissa yaloma is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1981. It is found in New Britain.
 The torpedo scad Megalaspis cordyla (also known as the hardtail scad finny scad finletted mackerel scad and cordyla scad) is a species of moderately large marine fish classified in the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae. The torpedo scad is distributed throughout the tropical Indo-Pacific region ranging from South Africa in the west to Tonga in the east extending to Japan in the north and Australia in south.
 Pennington’s Skolly (Thestor penningtoni) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the West Cape from the Swartberg Pass along the Great Swartberg Elandsberg north of Seweweekspoort the Keeromsberg and Waboomsberg as well as the Hex River Mountains.The wingspan is 26–37 mm for males and 32–41 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late October to November. There is one generation per year.
 Cancellaria obtusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Slimeheads also known as roughies and redfish are mostly small exceptionally long-lived deep-sea beryciform fish constituting the family Trachichthyidae (derived from the Greek trachys - rough and ichthys - fish). Found in temperate to tropical waters of the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans the family comprises about 50 species in eight genera.
 Opomyza florum common name Yellow Cereal Fly or Grass Fly is a species of acalyptrate Diptera.
 Stenoptilia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Euproctillopsis is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Dicordylus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 The silent slant-faced grasshoppers make up the subfamily Acridinae of the insect family Acrididae.
 Coleophora sardiniae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on Sardinia.The larvae feed on Genista corsica and possibly Genista lobelii. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Bebearia orientis the Eastern Palm Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Somalia Kenya Tanzania Mozambique Malawi Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to fermented fruit. They are probably on wing year round.The larvae feed on Phoenix reclinata Raphia farinifera and probably Cocos nucifera.
 The green sunfish (Lepomis cyanellus) is a species of freshwater fish in the sunfish family ( Centrarchidae) of order Perciformes. A panfish popular with anglers the green sunfish is also kept as an aquarium fish by hobbyists. They are usually caught by accident while fishing for other game fish. Green sunfish can be caught with live bait such as nightcrawlers waxworms and mealworms. Grocery store baits such as pieces of hot dog or corn kernels can even catch fish.
 Charlotte West (1827 – after 1850) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the seventeenth running of the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1830. In a racing career which lasted from April 1830 until May 1831 the filly ran seven times and won four races. After winning the 1000 Guineas on her second racecourse appearance Charlotte West was beaten when favourite for the Oaks Stakes but returned to win races at Ascot and Newmarket before the end of the year.
 Nebria agilis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan province of China.
 Arthromastix is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Tachina acuminata is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Mexico and the United States.
 Aruattus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The single described species A. agostii is found in eastern Indonesia.
 The Song Wren (Cyphorhinus phaeocephalus) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Honduras Nicaragua and Panama. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Calathus colasianus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Madeira.
 Adkinsites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Chesias angeri is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Italy.
 Carphophis amoenus commonly known as the worm snake is a species of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to the Eastern United States. C. amoenus can be found east of the Mississippi from southwest Massachusetts south to southern Alabama west to Louisiana and then north to Illinois. This species of snake protects a large range and normally prefers a moist habitat in the rocky woodlands under rotten wood of logs and stumps.
 Kinosternon is a genus of aquatic turtles known commonly as mud turtles.
 Phalonidia californica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Baja California Norte).
 Glipa insignata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1941.
 The Cameroon Soft-furred Mouse or Cameroon Praomys (Praomys morio) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Creonpyge is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.The genus is monotypic containing the single species Creonpyge creon Druce 1874 found in Costa Rica and Colombia
 Netechma polyspinea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 Orthogonius tricarinatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Burgeon in 1937.
 Pachygastrinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 Doumea typica is a species of loach catfish found in the Dja River and coastal rivers in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and Gabon as well as possibly in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It reaches a length of 13.2 cm.
 Calamodontophis is a genus of snake in the Colubridae family. It is found in Brazil and Uruguay and contains the following species: Calamodontophis paucidens (Amaral 1936) Calamodontophis ronaldoi
 Eremiaphila hebraica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 The White-headed Starling (Sturnia erythropygia) also known as the Andaman White-headed Starling is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family. It is found in wooded habitats on the Indian islands of the Andamans and Nicobars.
 Potamojanuarius lamellatus is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae the leatherleaf slugs.The holotype is kept in Zoological Museum of Kiel University (Zoologisches Museums der Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel) in Kiel Germany (lot Mo-1392).
 Austrapoda seres is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in China (Chekiang and Shaanxi) on an altitudes of 1600 meters.The wingspan is 24-27 mm. The forewings are elongate with a distinct tornus and a basal white patch. There is a hooklike pattern on the forewings with black proximal and paler (almost white) distal margins. The hindwings are pale brown. Adults have been recorded in June and July.
 Gymnoscelis barbuti is a moth in the Geometridae family which is endemic to Tahiti.
 The Corethrellidae are a family of parasitic midges small flying insects belonging to the order Diptera that are commonly known to parasitize frogs. The members of the family are sometimes known as frog-biting midges. The family currently consists of just two genera totalling around 97 species worldwide. Several fossil species are known. Most extant species are found in the lower latitudes usually associated around the tropics.They are tiny flies with a wing length of 0.6-2.5 mm.
 Tenuopus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Metarctia sheljuzhkoi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in Ivory Coast.
 Ayarzaguena's tree frog (Tepuihyla edelcae) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Venezuela and possibly Guyana. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Lepidogma tamaricalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in mainland Italy and on Sardinia in Asia including Pakistan as well as in North Africa and on the Iberian Peninsula.The larvae feed on Tamarix species. They live in silky nests built on the tops of branches.
 African Jacanas (Actophilornis africanus) are waders in the family Jacanidae identifiable by long toes and long claws that enable them to walk on floating vegetation in shallow lakes their preferred habitat. Jacanas are found worldwide within the tropical zone and this species is found in sub-saharan Africa. For the origin and pronunciation of the name see jacana.
 Leeches are segmented worms that belong to the phylum Annelida and comprise the subclass Hirudinea. Like other oligochaetes such as earthworms leeches share a clitellum and are hermaphrodites. Nevertheless they differ from other oligochaetes in significant ways. For example leeches do not have bristles and the external segmentation of their bodies does not correspond with the internal segmentation of their organs.
 Elmidae commonly known as riffle beetles is a family of beetles in the superfamily Byrrhoidea. It was described by Curtis in 1830.
 Farnobia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956 and contains the species F. quadripuncta. It is found in Costa Rica Panama French Guiana and Colombia.The wingspan is 21-24 mm. The forewings are brown with a purplish tint. The costal area is dusted with ocherous gray extending into the cell at the middle. The hindwings are whitish and semi-hyaline with a narrow dark line along the termen and dark shading on some of the veins.
 Scutelleridae is a family of true bugs. They are commonly known as jewel bugs or metallic shield bugs due to their often brilliant coloration. They are also known as shield-backed bugs due to the enlargement of the last section of their thorax into a continuous shield over the abdomen and wings. This latter characteristic distinguishes them from most other families within Heteroptera and may lead to misidentification as a beetle rather than a bug.
 Voluta musica common name the music volute is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes. It is called music volute because the markings on the shell often resemble a musical manuscript.
 Stangeia distantia is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.The wingspan is 11–12 millimetres (0.43–0.47 in). The antenna are black spotted with white and the head is olive buff. The thorax is olive buff although buff posteriorly. The forewing ground colour is olive buff. The hindwings are fuscous.
 Apamea perpensa is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Thyreophora cynophila commonly known as the bone skipper is a species of fly once thought to be the first fly to be driven to extinction by humans but rediscovered in 2009. It has a bright orange head and is associated with animal carcasses where the bones are broken open.
 The leopard tree iguana Liolaemus leopardinus is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is endemic to Chile.
 Pseudobulweria is a genus of seabirds in the family Procellariidae. They have long been retained with the gadfly petrel genus Pterodroma despite morphological differences. mtDNA cytochrome b sequence analysis has confirmed the split out of Pterodroma and places the genus closer to shearwaters.
 The Brown-headed Crow (Corvus fuscicapillus) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyposmocoma opuumaloo is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Necker Island. The type locality is Flagpole Hill.The wingspan is 8.9–9.1 mm.The larval case is cone-shaped and 6.7–7.1 mm in length. It is small and thin and decorated with bits of sand woven with silk filaments. The operculum is decorated with small pebbles. The case background color ranges from gray to brown.Adults were reared from case-making larvae. Larvae were collected on the ground.
 Reform (1964–1983) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from April 1966 until October 1967 he won eleven of his fourteen races. As a two-year-old he was beaten on his debut but won his remaining six races and was rated among the best colts of his generation in Britain. Reform was never entered in the British Classic Races but proved himself to be an outstanding three-year-old in 1967 winning five of his seven starts.
 The vampire squid (Vampyroteuthis infernalis lit. vampire squid of Hell) is a small deep-sea cephalopod found throughout the temperate and tropical oceans of the world. Unique retractile sensory filaments justify the vampire squid's placement in its own order: Vampyromorphida (formerly Vampyromorpha) which shares similarities with both squid and octopuses.
 Biantidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 130 described species.
 Lepeta is a genus of sea snails the true limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lepetidae.
 The Gaboon caecilian Geotrypetes seraphini is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and possibly Angola and the Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forests and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Conus pennaceus common name the feathered cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There are two subspecies : Conus pennaceus behelokensis Lauer 1989 Conus pennaceus echo Lauer 1988↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑ ↑
 Mystus is a genus of small to medium-sized bagrid catfishes that occur in South and Southeast Asia.Mystus is poorly diagnosed. Macrones had previously been used by earlier authors but this generic name was preoccupied in Coleoptera. Phylogenetic relationships within this genus are poorly understood though it has been suggested that there are two major lineages.
 Cynopterus is a genus of megabats. The Cynopterine section is represented by 11 genera five of which occur in Malaysia namely Chironx Balionycteris Penthetor Dyacopterus and Cynopterus.
 The Grey-crowned Babbler (Pomatostomus temporalis) is a species of bird in the Pomatostomidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Elachista subnigrella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Scandinavia and the Baltic States to the Pyrenees and Italy and from Ireland to Romania.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in). Adults are on wing from April to May.The larvae feed on Avena Avenula pubescens Bromus erectus Calamagrostis epigejos Dactylis glomerata Festuca and Holcus mollis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Microbianor is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Three of the described species are endemic to the Seychelles and two are endemic to Madagascar.
 Papestra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leucanthiza dircella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (including California Kentucky Ohio Michigan Vermont and Maine).There is one generation per year in northern Michigan.The larvae feed on Dirca palustris. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Anadia is a genus of lizards.
 Pseudaneitea huttoni is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae the leaf-veined slugs.
 Aramides is a genus of birds in the Rallidae family. It contains the following species: Red-throated Wood Rail Aramides gutturalis - doubtful species; extinct (20th century?) Little Wood Rail Aramides mangle Rufous-necked Wood Rail Aramides axillaris Grey-necked Wood Rail Aramides cajaneus Brown Wood Rail Aramides wolfi Giant Wood Rail Aramides ypecaha Slaty-breasted Wood Rail Aramides saracura Red-winged Wood Rail Aramides calopterus
 Volvarina betyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Cylindrocranius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cylindrocranius cribricollis (Fairmaire 1904) Cylindrocranius errans Peringuey 1896 Cylindrocranius risbeci Basilewsky 1948 Cylindrocranius ruficollis Peringuey 1896 Cylindrocranius rufulus Chaudoir 1878↑
 Oxyothespis alata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 Microrthosia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pericyma scandulata is a moth of the Erebidae family.
 Glaucoclystis albicetrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Marine hatchetfishes or deep-sea hatchetfishes are small deep-sea mesopelagic ray-finned fish of the stomiiform subfamily Sternoptychinae. They should not be confused with the freshwater hatchetfishes which are not particularly closely related Teleostei in the characiform family Gasteropelecidae.The scientific name means Sternoptyx-subfamily from Sternoptyx (the type genus) + the standard animal family suffix -inae.
 Miomantis fallax is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Tylenchorhynchus phaseoli is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Hebdomophruda is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ozopteryx is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xylodiscula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Xylodisculidae.
 Calomys is a genus of rodents also called vesper mice. The genus is widely distributed in South America.Some species are notable as the vectors of Argentinian hemorrhagic fever and Bolivian hemorrhagic fever.
 Mordella auroviolacea is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Palaeomicroides fasciatella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Issiki in 1931. It is known from Taiwan.
 Salsabil (18 January 1987 – October 1996) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from September 1989 to October 1990 she ran nine times times and won seven races. Salsabil was one of the leading two-year-old fillies in Europe in 1989 winning two races including the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac at the Longchamp.
 Calycemorda kamerunensis is a species of beetle in the Calycemorda genus. It was discovered in 1969.
 Gibbonthophagus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Megeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Pachycopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mitromorpha crenipicta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 The Puerto Rican Tody is a tody endemic to Puerto Rico island. Despite is scientific name Todus mexicanus it is endemic to Puerto Rico. It is commonly known locally as San Pedrito (Little Saint Peter).
 The spoonhead sculpin (Cottus ricei) is a North American freshwater fish of the Cottidae family that lives in the United States and Canada. This species is not as common as its cousin species the mottled sculpin.
 The Cape Melville leaf-tailed gecko Saltuarius eximius is a species of gecko that is endemic to the Melville Range on Cape Melville in Northern Australia. The species was described in 2013 by Australian zoologists Conrad Hoskin (of James Cook University) and Patrick Couper (curator of herpetology at Queensland Museum). The lizards are about 20 cm long and are believed to be a relic species from the time period rainforests were more abundant in Australia.
 Cirrothaumatia vesta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Anopina griseana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sinaloa).
 Glipa formosana is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1911.
 Colophon izardi is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae. It is endemic to South Africa.
 Eumicrotremus is a genus of lumpfishes native to the northern oceans.
 Cylindroleberididae is a family of ostracods that shows remarkable morphological diversity. The defining feature is the possession of gills: 7–8 leaf-like pairs at the posterior of the body.
 The Common Sandman or Diomus Grizzled Skipper (Spialia diomus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in tropical Africa and south-western Arabia.The wingspan is 27–31 mm for males and 29–33 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas. In South Africa it is more common in warmer months.
 Caloptilia insolita is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Nigeria.
 Andrewsornis is an extinct genus of giant flightless predatory birds of the family Phorusrhacidae or terror birds that lived in Argentina.
 Actenicerus siaelandicus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Dendrometrinae.This beetle is present in most of Europe in the East Palearctic ecozone and in the Nearctic ecozone.The adults grow up to 10–17 millimetres (0.39–0.67 in) long and can mostly be encountered from May through August mainly in wet meadows bogs and marshes. One of preferred host-plants are Carex species.The whole body is bronzed-brownish or auburn-purplish with a greyish pubescence.
 Tylomischus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Charaxes dowsetti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on the Nyika Plateau in Malawi. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes above 2200 meters.The larvae feed on Agauria salicifolia.
 Mordellochroa pulchella is a beetle in the Mordellochroa genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1859 by Étienne Mulsant & Rey.
 Pteralopex is a genus of large megabats in the Pteropodidae family. They are restricted to Solomon Islands rain forests in Melanesia and all species are seriously threatened being rated as either endangered or critically endangered by IUCN. Two species P. taki and P. flanneryi have been described since 2000.
 Uranometra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Eilema iluopsis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1960. It is found in Madagascar.
 Military Attack (Chinese: 軍事出擊 originally named Rave) (foaled 4 March 2008) is an Irish-bred Hong Kong trained Thoroughbred racehorse. Unraced as a two-year-old he showed promising form in Britain in 2011 before being sold to race in Hong Kong.
 Izatha austera is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is widespread throughout the North Island with a single South Island record from north-west Nelson.The wingspan is 13–19 mm for males and 16.5–25 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to February.Larvae feed during the winter in dead wood including moist logs on the forest floor and drier standing dead wood.
 Henricus tingomariae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 34 mm for males and 37 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is cream in the postmedian part tinged ochreous and in the basal part more ferruginous. The hindwings are whitish with dense greyish strigulae.
 Acrolophus cervicolor is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Pseudoumbrina is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Pliocene epoch.
 Copelatus laraensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 1995.
 Odostomia profundicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Paraccra chorogiae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Kenya.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey. The costa apex and costal half of the termen pale orange the costa with black dots. There are some red markings. The hindwings are dark brown.
 Halysidota schausi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found from Texas and Mexico to Costa Rica Guatemala Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru. It is also found on Martinique and the Lesser Antilles.Adults are mainly on wing in autumn.The larvae feed on Cestrum nocturnum.
 Odostomia mayii common name the May's pyramid-shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Sepidium magnum is a species of beetles of the family Tenebrionidae.
 Copelatus decellie is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Billardo in 1982.
 Bloomsbury (1836 –1861) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from May 1839 to July 1841 he ran ten times and won four races. His most important win came on his first racecourse appearance when he won the 1839 Derby. He went on to win important races at Ascot and Liverpool before his retirement after his five-year-old season. He was later exported to stand as a stallion in Germany.
 Nyssicostylus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nyssicostylus melzeri Chemsak & Martins 1966 Nyssicostylus overali Galileo & Martins 1990 Nyssicostylus paraba Martins 2005 Nyssicostylus subopacus (Bates 1885)↑
 Oonops domesticus is a tiny spider (males about 1.5 mm females 2 mm) from Western Europe to Russia. It is of a bleak light red with a reddish to whitish abdomen. It is found only in buildings where it builds a retreat in corners and between old paper. It hunts at night probably with booklice their common prey. The translucent flat egg sac contains only two eggs.It is very similar to the closely related O. pulcher but has five tibial spine pairs instead of four. O. pulcher is found outdoors.
 The Red-fronted Parrotlet (Touit costaricensis) is a parrot in Central America in Costa Rica and Panama. It is 15 cm green with a short tail red forehead lores and under eye red shoulders and leading edge of underwing and the remaining underwing coverts yellow. Edges of tail also yellowish.Usually found in wet cool forest from 500-1000m in wet season up to 3000m in early dry season and occasionally seen down to sea level.
 Eulimella trewae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.The epithet trewae refers to Mrs A. Trew who is the curator in charge of the molluscan collection at the National Museum Cardiff
 Pelecanus cadimurka is a fossil pelican from the Late Pliocene Kanunka fauna of the upper Tirari Formation in the Lake Eyre basin of north-eastern South Australia.
 Atrypanius conspersus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Germar in 1824 and is known from Mexico to Panama as well as southern Amer and Bolivia.
 Ceromitia delta is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Epicrocis vansoni is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Thousands of the two main species of Australian feral camels mostly dromedaries but also some bactrian camels were imported into Australia 19th century from Arabia India and Afghanistan during the 19th century for transport and construction as part of the colonisation of the central and western parts of Australia.
 Eleutherodactylus racemus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Calathus jakupicensis is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Republic of Macedonia.
 Trox sordidus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Ichthyophis nguyenorum is a newly discovered species in the order Gymnophiona. They are first spotted in Kontum central Vietnam in 2006.
 Griseargiolestes albescens is a damselfly species of the subfamily Argiolestinae which is in the Megapodagrionidae. It is commonly known as the coastal flatwing. They are medium in size. The males are 37mm and the females are 34mm. Male flatwings are blue to pale blue in colour. Like other flatwings they do not mind if we come very close. They are found inside the swamp areas of Australia like boggy seepage. Coastal flatwings usually rest on the low plants with wings flat open.
 Fissurella costata common name : the costate keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Antygomonas is a genus of marine invertebrates known as mud dragons.
 Epiphryne is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Species include: Epiphryne verriculata
 Parachaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordacia is the sole genus of the family Mordaciidae the southern topeyed lampreys.
 The serrulate whiptail or serrulate rattail Coryphaenoides serrulatus is a rattail of the genus Coryphaenoides found around southern Australia and New Zealand at depths of between 750 and 2000 m. Its length is between 30 and 45 cm.
 Philautus acutirostris is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Apatelodes gaveta is a moth in the Bombycidae family.
 Phymorhynchus starmeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae. There are approximately ten species in the genus of phymorhynchus.
 Dermomurex agnesae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Vireo are a genus of small passerine birds restricted to the New World. They typically have dull greenish plumage (hence the name from Latin virere to be green) but some are brown or gray on the back and some have bright yellow underparts. They resemble wood warblers apart from their slightly larger size and heavier bills which in most species have a very small hook at the tip.
 Phaecasiophora rufata is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellow-brown alongdistal third of the costal slightly tinged with pinkish and suffused brown dorsally. The hindwings are brownish.
 Aemula is an extinct genus of brachiopods that lived during the Cretaceous period. The pedunculate brachiopod species Aemula inusitata had lived on the bodies of larger animals which served for enough feeding surface since no large attachment sites were available on the Maastrichtian chalk of the sea floor (Gould 1977 p. 333).
 For the hydrozoan Cnidaria called Hydromedusa or Hydromedusae see Anthomedusae.Hydromedusa is a turtle genus in the family Chelidae commonly known as the South American snake-necked turtles.
 Pharmacis carna is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is mainly found in mountainous areas mostly in Alps and the Carpathian Mountains although it is also present in Hungary.The wingspan is 32–44 mm for females and 25–34 mm for males. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae feed on the roots of various grass species.
 Bicyclus howarthi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.
 Fraus polyspila is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to New South Wales South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.Adults are on wing in May.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Erharta species. They create tunnels of about 20 cm deep.
 Margarites olivaceus common name the eastern olive margarite is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.Subspecies Margarites olivaceus marginatus Dall 1919 Margarites olivaceus olivaceus (Brown 1827)↑
 The Rose-faced Parrot (Pyrilia pulchra) is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Brown-hooded Parrot (P. pulchra) and was formerly placed in Pionopsitta which is now monotypic. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Labeobarbus progenys is a species of cyprinid fish found in the African countries of Cameroon and the Congo Republic as well as a questionable presence in Angola.
 Auriculigerina is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Fusus elegantissimus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 † Rimella is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs. This genus is found from the Paleocene to the Oligocene of Europe.
 Deroceras agreste is a species of air-breathing land slug in the family Agriolimacidae. Its common names include field slug grey field slug milky slug and northern field slug. It is native to Asia and northern and central Europe.This slug is up to 5 centimeters long. It is pale brown tan buff or oatmeal-coloured with a darker head and tentacles. There are no obvious body markings. The sole of the foot is white.
 Finella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Scaliolidae.This genus has been assigned in the course of time to different families by different authors: Rissoidae Cerithiidae Dialidae Obtortionidae Finellidae and Diastomatidae Morphological and anatomical studies by Winston Ponder in 1994 established that the genera Finella and Scaliola didn't belong in the above mentioned families and he brought them in a new family Scaliolidae.
 Amorbia elaeopetra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Cydia duplicana is a small moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in all across Europe extending barely into Asia in the Transcaucasus Turkestan and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 13–19 mm. Adults are on wing from May or June to the end of July. There is one generation per year.The larvae (caterpillars) feed on European Silver Fir (Abies alba) Norway Spruce (Picea abies) junipers (Juniperus) and pines (Pinus).
 A hybrid striped bass also known as a wiper or whiterock bass is a hybrid between the striped bass (Morone saxatilis) and the white bass (M. chrysops). It can be distinguished from the striped bass by broken rather than solid horizontal stripes on the body. Wipers are considered better suited for culture in ponds than either parent species because they are more resilient to extremes of temperature and to low dissolved oxygen.
 Streblote polydora is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Eritrea Mozambique South Africa Tanzania and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Piliostigma thonningii.
 Anthene krokosua the Krokosua Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana.
 The Eight-spotted Skimmer (Libellula forensis) is a dragonfly of the skimmer family.
 Acastocephala is a genus of trilobite from the middle Silurian known from the United Kingdom.
 Agylla umbrosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Ecuador.
 Macrometopia maculipennis is a species of Hoverflies from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera. It was first found in Colombia and was named after its patterned wings.
 Euriphene simplex the Simple Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 The softy hap (Mylochromis mollis) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can reach a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Callithomia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Bates in 1862. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 The Black-backed Bush Tanager (Urothraupis stolzmanni) also known as the Black-backed Bush-finch is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Urothraupis. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Behr's Hairstreak (Satyrium behrii) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western North America from western Texas north and west through New Mexico Arizona and southern California to British Columbia.The wingspan is 24–32 mm. The upperside is orange with wide brown borders on the forewings. The underside of the males is brown while females are brownish-white. Both have postmarginal and submarginal lines of irregular small black spots.
 Belemnia ochriplaga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil.
 Hypermastus coxi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Atlas dwarf lizard (Lacerta andreanskyi) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family. It is endemic to Morocco where it is restricted to High Atlas Mountain range. It is also found from 2400 up to 3800 m above sea level. Although this species is generally considered to be rare animals are often well hidden in vegetation and may occur at higher densities than was first assumed.
 Fuegotrophon pallidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Maculonaclia altitudina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Dark Fruit-tree Tortrix (Pandemis heparana) is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and in North America.The wingspan is 16–24 mm. The moth flies from late May to mid September. .The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including oak willow birch honeysuckle sorbus apple and pear.
 The pygmy three-toed sloth (Bradypus pygmaeus) also known as a monk sloth or dwarf sloth is a small three-toed sloth endemic to Isla Escudo de Veraguas a small island off the coast of Panama which separated from the mainland nearly 8900 years ago. Only described as a separate species in 2001 they are thought to have originated from isolation of individuals of the mainland population of brown-throated three-toed sloths.
 The New Zealand Grebe New Zealand Dabchick or Weweia (Poliocephalus rufopectus) is a member of the grebe family endemic to New Zealand. This species was formerly present in the lowland lakes of the South Island but underwent a rapid decline there (for unknown reasons) in the 19th century- the last certain breeding record for this species in the South Island was in 1941.
 Malagonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Neogabara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Grotellaforma lactea is a species of moth in the genus Grotellaforma of the family Noctuidae. This moth species is found in North America including California and Arizona its type locations.
 Uelia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Tentaspina sinister is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia (it was described from north-eastern Sumatra).The wingspan is 8.5-9 mm. The forewings are light brown with a dark brown upper medial area and part of subterminal area. The terminal area and fringes are light brown. There are small black dots on the costa subapically. The crosslines are brown and the terminal line is only indicated by black interveinal dots.
 A Red-bodied Swallowtail is a species of butterfly in the Swallowtail family that belongs to the genus Byasa Atrophaneura Losaria or Pachliopta. They are generally found in Asia (Indomalaya ecozone).
 Bursina ignobilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Elysia timida is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk. It feeds on the algae Acetabularia acetabulum (from which it keeps the chloroplasts that are able to continue photosynthesis in the slug's tissues) and Padina pavonia.
 Danehill (March 26 1986 - May 13 2003) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who was bred in the United States. During his stud career Danehill became a champion sire on both sides of the Equator. He is the most successful sire of all time with 349 stakes winners and 89 Group/Grade I winners[citation needed]. He was the leading sire in Australia nine times the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland three times and the leading sire in France twice.
 Bischoffena bischoffensis is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Sphecosoma perconstrictum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1912. It is found in Brazil.
 Hemiaclis obtusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Black-footed Tree-rat Mesembriomys gouldii is one of two endemic arboreal rat species from the genus Mesembriomys found in Australia.The species is one of the largest murids found in Australia. It is a folivore and frugivore and its diet may be supplemented by invertebrates such as termites and molluscs.
 Brissopsis pacifica is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissopsis pacifica was first scientifically described in 1898 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
 Conus iheringi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Antisolarium egenum is a small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae the top shells.
 Zodarion jozefienae is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
 The Rockefeller's Sunbird (Cinnyris rockefelleri) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo possibly Burundi and possibly Rwanda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Lucina's Shrew (Crocidura lucina) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Ethiopia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and swamps.
 Cosmosoma ladan is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama.
 Congoglanis is a genus of loach catfishes found in the Congo River system of Africa. This genus is considered the sister group of all other species in the subfamily Doumeinae.
 Prunum chumi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Cisthene coronado is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Arizona.
 Carcha violalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Carcha. It was described by Hampson in 1897 and is known from Brazil (it was described from Espiritu Santo)
 Cinguloterebra boucheti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Trichopalpina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Heterophysa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Astictopterus anomoeus the Yellow Hopper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and Togo. The habitat consists of wetter forests with a broken canopy allowing the development of grassy areas.Adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers.
 Hutanjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Curticella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Phobophorus paccatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Phobophorus.
 Stylophora pistillata (common names hood coral and smooth cauliflower coral) is a species of coral that is commonly used in scientific investigations. It is home to gall crabs Trapezia crabs boring clams date mussles (Lithophaga) barnacles Christmas tree worms and damselfish. Some such as Lithophaga are parasites that weaken the coral skeleton. However boring clams bring fresh oxygenated water into the colony and benefit the coral.
 Paraoncidium chameleon is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The Grey-rumped Swift (Chaetura cinereiventris) is a small swift.This species breeds in hill forests from Nicaragua south to Peru Brazil and northern Argentina and Grenada Trinidad and Tobago. The nest is a half saucer of twigs glued to the inside of a tree hole chimney or similar shaded location with saliva.Grey-rumped Swift is 11.5 cm long and weighs 15 g. The upperparts are black with a grey triangular band across the rump and the underparts are slate grey.
 Terinebrica is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Anachloris uncinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the southern half of Australia.The wingspan is 30 mm.The larvae feed on Hibbertia obtusifolia and Hibbertia stricta.
 Thalpomys is a genus of South American rodents in the tribe Akodontini of family Cricetidae. Two species are known both found in the cerrado tropical savanna ecoregion of central Brazil. They are as follows: Cerrado mouse (Thalpomys cerradensis) Hairy-eared cerrado mouse (Thalpomys lasiotis)↑
 Enyo gorgon is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico to the northern part of South America.The wingspan is 66-72 mm. There are probably two to three generations per year. Adults are on from May to June August to September and from December to January in Costa Rica. In Bolivia adults have been recorded from October to November.
 Callancyla bimaculata is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Gounelle in 1911.
 The Guatemalan myotis (Myotis cobanensis) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Guatemala.
 Blackstripe Barb (Barbus macrops) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Setia miae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Marajó short-tailed opossum (Monodelphis maraxina) is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Mitrella hayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Sloane's Urania (Urania sloanus) was a moth of the Uraniidae family last reported in 1894 or 1895. but possibly surviving until at least 1908.It was black with iridescent red blue and green markings. The iridescent parts of the wings do not have pigment; as determined by optical sciences for the species Urania fulgens belonging to the same genus the color originates from refraction of light by the ribbon-like scales covering the moth's wings.
 The Purple Needletail is the largest swift found in the Old World. This species is distributed from northeastern Sulawesi through the Philippine islands of Luzon Mindoro Marinduque Catanduanes Calayan Panay Negros Cebu Leyte Biliran Mindanao and Basilan.This bird lives in various forests and open country.
 Parahypsos piersoni is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Pacific ocean from Costa Rica to Peru.
 Bolitoglossa indio is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Nicaragua.Its habitat includes lowland wet forests.
 Peromyscus truei (Shufedlt 1885) or the pinyon mouse is native to the southwestern United States and Baja California in Mexico. These medium sized mice are often distinguished by their relatively large ears. The range of this species extends from southern Oregon and Wyoming in the north and extends south to roughly the U.S.-Mexico border with a disjunct population designated as Peromyscus truei comanche which occupies an area in the vicinity of Palo Duro Canyon in the Texas panhandle.
 Trifurcula iberica is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from two specimens from the Spanish Pyrenees and Sierra Nevada.The wingspan is 6-7.2 mm for males. Adults were found in the mountains at medial (900 meters) and high altitude (1700 meters) in July.
 Sunline (1995–2009) was a New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was the world's highest earning racemare of her time competing on 48 occasions for 32 wins 9 seconds and 3 thirds to earn A$11351607. She won races in three different countries Australia New Zealand and Hong Kong. She won successive W.S. Cox Plates (2040m) the richest Weight for Age (WFA) race in Australia.
 Bucculatrix rhamniella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Poland the Baltic region Hungary and Romania. A record from the Netherlands is based on a misidentification.The wingspan is 10-11 mm. There are usually two generations per year.The larvae feed on Rhamnus catharticus and Rhamnus pumilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a slender corridor.
 Freilla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The smalleyed ray (Raja microocellata) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is found off the coasts of France Ireland Morocco Portugal Spain the United Kingdom and the Western Sahara. Its natural habitats are open seas and shallow seas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Marlu is an extinct genus of Pseudocheiridae from the Oligocene–Miocene of Australia. It consists of five species found at various sites in Australia. M. kutjamarpensis M. karya M. sykes and M. ampelos from the Miocene in the Kutjamarpu Local Fauna (Leaf Locality) in Queensland and from the Late Oligocene M. praecursor from the Wadikali Local Fauna in northern South Australia.
 Cephalotes bloosi is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Parornix compressa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Coccophagus acanthosceles is a species of chalcid wasp belonging to the family Aphelinidae. It is found in southern Asia.It is a primary parasitoid on scale insects of the family Coccidae including Saissetia formicarii and members of the genus Lecanium.
 Proserpina is a genus of small land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Proserpinidae. Proserpina is the type genus of the family Proserpinidae.
 Pectinimura is a genus of moths in the Lecithoceridae family.
 Pseudopostega ovatula is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is known only from lowland and pre-montane Amazonian rainforest in east-central Ecuador.The length of the forewings is 2.1-2.3 mm. Adults are mostly white. Adults are on wing in January.
 Odozana patagiata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1909. It is found in Bolivia.
 Westraltrachia subtila is a species of air-breathing land snails a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.This species is endemic to Australia.
 Phycitodes maritima is a species of snout moth. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Lithuania Ukraine and the western and southern part of the Balkan Peninsula. It may also be absent from the Iberian Peninsula).The wingspan is 19–24 millimetres (0.75–0.94 in). Adults are on wing from April to May and from June to August. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Achillea millefolium Tanacetum vulgare and Senecio jacobaea.
 Parortholitha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pselnophorus jaechi is a moth of the family Pterophoroidae. It is found locally around Mount Meru in Tanzania.The wingspan is 15–17 millimetres (0.59–0.67 in). The moth flies in February July and December.
 Gymnobela aquilarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Diplommatina aurea is a species of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Agyrtiola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Agyrtiola niepelti which is found in Brazil.
 Globipes is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Twilight Ridge (March 20 1983 - 2 April 2013) was an American Thoroughbred racing filly. In 1985 she won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies. At the time of her death (age 30) she was the oldest living female Breeders' Cup winner. Her offspring brought $2295000 at auction.
 Opopaea is a genus of goblin spiders of the family Oonopidae.
 Colpospira wollumbi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Necturus is a genus of aquatic salamander only found in the eastern United States and Canada. They are commonly known as Waterdogs and Mudpuppies. The Common Mudpuppy (Necturus maculosus) is likely the most well known species in this group. The last species described was in 1937.
 Phrynobatrachus africanus is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Phrynobatrachus.
 Pachycerosia bipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found on the Andamans.
 Austroharpa learorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Temnora uluguru is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Tanzania.The wingspan is 47-50 mm. It is very similar to Temnora burdoni but the antennae are thicker the forewing outer margin is less incised below the apex and the upperside ground colour is more uniformly brown-red. The triangular spot is barely noticeable. The forewing underside is uniformly brick red with some darker marks.
 Eleutherodactylus ruidus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Anthela odontogrammata is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Abisara gerontes the Dark Banded Judy is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of tropical humid forests and lowland forests in hilly terrain.
 Gate Dancer (1981–1998) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as a winner of an American Classic Race the Preakness Stakes and for his part in a thrilling three-horse finish in the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Classic.Bred in Florida by William R. Davis Gate Dancer was a son of Sovereign Dancer in turn a son of the great Northern Dancer. He was out of the mare Sun Gate whose sire was Bull Lea a five time Leading sire in North America.
 Pseudepipona is a genus of potter wasps found in the Palearctic Nearctic Afrotropical and Australian regions.
 Laboute's wrasse Cirrhilabrus laboutei is a species of wrasse native to the coral reefs of New Caledonia and Australia where it occurs at depths of 7 to 55 m (23 to 180 ft). This species can reach a total length of 12 cm (4.7 in). It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Kermode bear (Ursus americanus kermodei pron. kerr-MO-dee) also known as a spirit bear (particularly to the Native tribes of British Columbia) is a subspecies of the North American Black Bear living in the central and north coast of British Columbia Canada. It is noted for about 1⁄10 of their population having white or cream-coloured coats. This colour morph is due to recessive alleles common in the population.
 Notiophanes is a genus of moths in the Arrhenophanidae family consisting of only one species Notiophanes fuscata which is endemic to Queensland Australia. It is only known from a single female specimen.The generic name is derived from the Greek notios (meaning southern) added to the generic stem phanes (from phaino meaning shine or appear) in reference to its Australian distribution.The length of the forewing is about 27 mm. Adults are on wing in February but this may be a longer period.
 Manikato (1975–1984) was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse of the late 1970s and early 1980s. He established new track records in three races and was inducted into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame. Manikato was the second Australian horse after Kingston Town to win $1 million in stakes and by today's standards won 20 races which are currently (2012) classed as Group One (G1) races.
 Adelogyrinus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The Red-throated Tit (Parus fringillinus) is a species of bird in the Paridae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 The Bronzy Sunbird (Nectarinia kilimensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Euphaedra normalis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone.
 Marginella broderickae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Annuliconchus (Vinn 2006) is a genus of microconchid tubeworms. Their tubes have pseudopunctae penetrating the tube wall. Tubes lumen is annulated. Annuliconchus occurs in the Silurian of Baltica.
 Simulator is a genus of small freshwater snails or limpets aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae.[citation needed]
 Acnodon is a genus of serrasalmids found in South America with three recognized species: Acnodon normani Gosline 1951 (sheep-pacu) Acnodon oligacanthus (J. P. Müller & Troschel 1844) Acnodon senai Jégu & dos Santos 1990↑
 The Pinnidae are a taxonomic family of large saltwater clams sometimes known as pen shells. They are marine bivalve molluscs in the order Pterioida. The shells are fragile and have a long and triangular shape and in life they are anchored in sediment using a byssus. The shells have a thin inner layer of nacre in the part of the shell near the umbos (the pointed end).The family Pinnidae includes the fan shell Atrina fragilis and Pinna nobilis the source of sea silk.
 Domrownyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Synodontis polli is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species grows to a length of 14.8 centimetres (5.8 in) TL.
 Leiodon cutcutia the ocellated pufferfish is a species of pufferfish native to southern Asia from India to the Malay Archipelago where it is found in various bodies of fresh and brackish waters. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Mordellochroa is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Mordellochroa abdominalis (Fabricius 1775) Mordellochroa hasegawai Nomura & Kato 1959 Mordellochroa humerosa (Rosenhauer 1847) Mordellochroa milleri (Emery 1876) Mordellochroa pulchella (Mulsant & Rey 1859) Mordellochroa shibatai Kiyoyama 1987 Mordellochroa tournieri (Emery 1876) Mordellochroa yanoi (Nomura 1951)↑
 Bembicium flavescens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Blepsias bilobus also known as the Crested sculpin is a North Pacific scorpaeniform fish from the sea raven family Hemitripteridae.
 The Southern Grey-headed Sparrow (Passer diffusus) is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Grey-headed Sparrow. It is found in savanna and woodland in Angola and Zambia southwards into South Africa where it is expanding its range and is kept as a caged bird like the close relative White-rumped Seedeater.
 Psittaculirostris is a genus of parrot in the Psittaculidae family found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It contains the following species: Large Fig Parrot (Psittaculirostris desmarestii) Edwards's Fig Parrot (Psittaculirostris edwardsii) Salvadori's Fig Parrot (Psittaculirostris salvadorii)
 Cyamops nigeriensis is a species of fly.
 Abronia reidi is an arboreal alligator lizard described in 1961 by Werler and Frederick A. Shannon.
 Syssphinx is a genus of moths of the Saturniidae family.
 Nyctemera gratia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon Negros).
 Syncrenis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Uroptychus is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Chirostylidae found across the Indo-Pacific. The genus Uroptychus contains the following species:
 The Tacoma pocket gopher (Thomomys mazama tacomensis) was a subspecies of the Mazama pocket gopher that was restricted to a few isolated populations in the southern Puget Sound area and on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington. The animal became extinct in 1970.
 Crypsiphona amaura is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Saribia ochracea is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Platanichthys platana the Rio Plata sprat is a very small species of fish belonging to the herring family Clupeidae. It is endemic to South America. It is the only species in its genus.
 Trypeta indistincta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Tritonia rubiginosa is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Liptena submacula Lathy’s Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.
 Hemisinus cubanianus is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.
 Neochlamisus bimaculatus is a small leaf beetle (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae) that belongs to the group of casebearers called Camptosomata. They mate feed and oviposit on their host plant Rubus spp. which includes blackberry.
 Gymnelia semicincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1910. It is found in Colombia.
 Trichopsetta is a genus of lefteye flounders native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Asaphocrita magae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Tetanops magdalenae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Tetanops of the family Ulidiidae.
 Bondia spicata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Davis in 1969. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California.Adults have been recorded on wing in May.
 Megaselia is a genus of fly in the family Phoridae.
 Merica is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Craspedoma trochoideum is a species of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.This species is endemic to Portugal.
 The Mountain Robin or Alpine Robin (Petroica bivittata) is a species of bird in the Petroicidae family. It is found in West Papua (in Indonesia) and in Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Mordella niasensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Apocalymnia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Praealticus multistriatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Pacific ocean around Tonga.
 Phrynopus pinguis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Batrachedra aphypnota is a moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka (western region Puttalam).
 Opostega orophoxantha is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is known from Umtali Zimbabwe.
 The Cook Reed Warbler or Cook Islands Reed Warbler (Acrocephalus kerearako) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family. It is found only in the Cook Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests swamps and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Chestnut-breasted Quail-thrush (Cinclosoma castaneothorax) is a species of bird in the Cinclosomatidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Bellamya mweruensis is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 Pseudopostega crassifurcata is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from the Sierra Maestra of south-eastern Cuba.The length of the forewings is about 2.5 mm. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Grotella margueritaria is a species of moth in the genus Grotella of the family Noctuidae. This moth species is found in North America including Texas its type location.
 The great hammerhead (Sphyrna mokarran) is the largest species of hammerhead shark family Sphyrnidae attaining a maximum length of 6.1 m (20 ft). It is found in tropical and warm temperate waters worldwide inhabiting coastal areas and the continental shelf. The great hammerhead can be distinguished from other hammerheads by the shape of its hammer (called the cephalofoil) which is wide with an almost straight front margin and by its tall sickle-shaped first dorsal fin.
 The Red-legged Honeycreeper (Cyanerpes cyaneus) is a small songbird species in the tanager family (Thraupidae). It is found in the tropical New World from southern Mexico south to Peru Bolivia and central Brazil Trinidad and Tobago and on Cuba where possibly introduced.
 Glyphipterix equitella is a moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Iberian Peninsula Sardinia Sicily and Crete and from Ireland to Romania.The wingspan is 9–10 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Sedum acre and Sedum anglicum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The larva mines out a leaf completely and often also mines part of the stem. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Stigmella pretoriata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1978. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).
 Charadrahyla nephila is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Harpathaumas priscus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Harpathaumas.
 Glyphipterix lamprosema is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Turner in 1926. It is found in Australia including New South Wales.
 Mangina argus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in south-east Asia including Zhejiang Fujian Jiangxi Guangxi Guangdong Yunnan Taiwan Hunan from southern India to Kashmir the Himalayas Nepal Bhutan and Sri Lanka.Adults are pink except the white spotted markings on forewing each with small black spot. The hind wings are darker pink with black spots. The larvae feed on the young leaves of Crotalaria species including Crotalaria juncea. They feed in groups.
 Androlaelaps casalis is a species of mite. It is a predatory mite that lives on other mites and small invertebrates. It cannot bite or sting birds and humans because its manibles are not designed for sucking but for predation on other mites. Because Androlaelaps casalis mites also feed of parasitic mites like Dermanyssus gallinae individuals with red colored abdomens can be found. This is not due to any blood-sucking by A. casalis but is because it has ingested blood-engorged parasitic mites.
 Calliostoma atlantis common name the Atlantis top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Hydrophis stricticollis commonly called the collared sea snake is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
 The Buff-vented Bulbul (Iole olivacea) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Burma Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Erginus Galkini is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Dent's mona monkey (Cercopithecus denti) is an Old World monkey in the Cercopithecidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo the Congo Rwanda western Uganda and the Central African Republic. It was previously classified as a subspecies of Wolf's mona monkey C. wolf.
 Ennea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.Ennea is the type genus of the subfamily Enneinae.
 Riagria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Brookula decussata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.This species is considered sometimes a synonym of Brookula pfefferi Powell A.W.B. 1951 but B. decussata is somewhat smaller and a has a more definite sculpture with fewer siprals and more axials.
 The Woolly Giant Rat Kunsia tomentosus is a burrowing rodent species from South America. It is found in wet grasslands in Bolivia and Brazil where it feeds on roots and grasses. They prefer elevations from sea level to about one thousand metres above sea level. They create burrows in which to live and travel.The South American Giant Rat is the largest living rat. It can measure up to 30cm (1 foot) in length and carries a tail as long as 16cm (6 inches) long.
 Melese farri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Murphy and Garraway in 2007. It is found on Jamaica.
 The Cinnamon Roller (Eurystomus glaucurus) also known as the Broad-billed Roller is a member of the roller family of birds which breeds across tropical Africa and Madagascar in all but the driest regions. It is a wet season breeder which migrates from the northern and southern areas of its range towards the moister equatorial belt in the dry season.The Cinnamon Roller is 29–30 cm in length. It has a warm back and head lilac foreneck and breast with the rest of the plumage mainly brown.
 The Buddleia Budworm Moth (Pyramidobela angelarum) is a moth in the Oecophoridae family. It is known only from urban situations near the coast of California but is most likely is introduced there since the only known food plant is ornamental Buddleia which is a primarily tropical genus.The length of the forewings is 7.8-9.5 mm. The ground color of the forewings is gray-brown lightly speckled with brown. The ground color of the hindwings is pale gray.
 Agathotoma finitima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Argas persicus fowl tick or poultry tick is a small soft-bodied tick that is found primarily on chickens and other domestic fowl. It was first recorded by Lorenz Oken in 1818 in Meyaneh Persia and named Rhynochoprion persicum.A. persicus has a worldwide distribution in warm climates and is a carrier of avian spirochetosis in chickens.In addition to chickens and other domestic fowl A. persicus also feeds on humans although an immunity has been acquired by some individuals.
 Anthrenocerus Variabilis is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Zenarchopteridae the viviparous halfbeaks is a family in the order Beloniformes. The Zenarchopterinae exhibit strong sexual dimorphism practicing internal fertilisation and in some cases ovoviviparous or viviparous. While they can be found in fresh brackish and marine waters four genera (Dermogenys Hemirhamphodon Nomorhamphus and Tondanichthys) are exclusively freshwater fish and several such as the wrestling halfbeak have become commonly traded aquarium fish.
 Schindleria is a genus of marine fish. It is the only genus of family Schindleriidae among the Gobioidei of order Perciformes. The type species is S. praematura Schindler's fish. The Schindleria species are known generically as Schindler's fishes after German zoologist Otto Schindler (1906–1959) or infantfishes.
 The Western moose (Alces alces andersoni) is a subspecies of moose that inhabits boreal forests and mixed deciduous forests in most of Canada and some parts of the northern United States. It is the second largest American subspecies of moose second to the Alaska Moose. Male Western moose are aggressive during mating season (autumn and winter) and may injure or kill with provocation.
 Antona myrrha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Surinam.
 Ciliopagurus caparti is a species of hermit crab native to South East Atlantic.
 The Triplecross lizardfish (Synodus macrops) is a type of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Indo-West Pacific.
 Ceroxys munda is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae.
 According to the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005)Strubellioidea was a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs mostly marine gastropod mollusks within the informal group Opisthobranchia. However Schrödl & Neusser (2010) redefined the taxonomy of Acochlidiacea in 2010.
 Olepa clavatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India.
 Grotella septempunctata is a species of moth in the genus Grotella of the family Noctuidae. This Moth species can be found in North America from Texas to Colorado.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Crassispira rudis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Brown-throated Sunbird (Anthreptes malacensis) also known as the Plain-throated Sunbird is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found in a wide range of semi-open habitats in south-east Asia ranging from Myanmar to the Lesser Sundas and west Philippines.
 The Schwartz's Antthrush (Chamaeza turdina) also known as the Scalloped Antthrush is a species of bird in the Formicariidae family. It is found in humid highland forests in the Andes of Colombia and the Coastal Range in Venezuela. The Colombian population belongs to the nominate subspecies while the Venezuelan belongs to chionogaster. Long included as a subspecies of the Rufous-tailed Antthrush it was only recognized as a separate species in 1992.
 Orthogonius tikekee is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Rhabdoblennius nigropunctatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific Ocean around Fiji and Tonga. This species reaches a length of 6.2 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 Amelora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ergalatax junionae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mysticarion is a genus of air-breathing tree-dwelling land snails terrestrial arboreal pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae.
 Merychippus is an extinct proto-horse of the family Equidae that was endemic to North America during the Miocene from 20.43—10.3 Ma living for approximately 10.13 million years.It had three toes on each foot and is the first horse known to have grazed. Its name means ruminant horse but current evidence does not support Merychippus ruminating.
 The order Ascaridida includes several families of parasitic roundworms with three lips on the anterior end. They were formerly placed in the subclass Rhabditia by some but morphological and DNA sequence data rather unequivocally assign them to the Spiruria.
 The Grauer's Cuckooshrike (Coracina graueri) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.The name commemorates the German zoologist Rudolf Grauer who collected natural history specimens in the Belgian Congo.
 Polygrammate is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bryna is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Fulgurofusus bermudezi is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 For the Australian species with a similar common names see Mertens' water monitor and Mitchell's water monitor.The water monitor (Varanus salvator) is a large lizard native to South Asia. Water monitors are one of the most common monitor lizards found throughout Asia and range from Sri Lanka and India to Indochina the Malay Peninsula and various islands of Indonesia living in areas close to water.
 Hypochrosis sternaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from India through south-eastern Asia to Sumatra and Borneo.
 Acrolophus tretus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Trinidad.
 Macrotristria is a genus of cicada in the cryptotympanini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily.
 Schizomida (common name shorttailed whipscorpion) is an order of arachnids generally less than 5 millimetres (0.20 in) in length.The order is not yet widely studied. As of 2005 more than 230 species of schizomids have been described worldwide most belonging to the Hubbardiidae family. A systematic review including a full catalogue may be found in Reddell & Cokendolpher (1995).
 Homalopoma sanguineum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Dalla bubobon is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Enaeta guildingii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Graciloceratidae is a family of nautiloid cephalopods from the Middle and Upper Ordovician belonging to the Oncocerida characterized by exogastric cyrtocones that expand slightly or moderately and have thin walled orthochoantic marginal or subventral tubular siphuncles (Sweet 1964).The Graciloceratidae was proposed by Rousseau Flower in 1950 and at that time placed in the Basslerocerida which has since been abandoned. It is now assigned to the Oncocerida (Sweet 1964).
 Bevanopsis is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now Virginia U.S.A. It was described by Cooper in 1953 and the type species is Bevanopsis ulrichi.
 Stenoptilodes is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Conus byssinus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Viviennea flavicincta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia and Brazil.
 The Purple-throated Cotinga (Porphyrolaema porphyrolaema) is a species of bird in the cotinga family Cotingidae. It is found in the western Amazonian region of South America; its range extends from southern Colombia south through eastern Ecuador and Peru and east through extreme northwestern Bolivia and into western Amazonian Brazil. It lives in the canopy or along the borders of humid forest throughout its range.
 Coleophora stegosaurus is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Lycium ruthenicum. They create a leafy case consisting of up to 20 pieces of leaf. The pieces are glued together only on the upper side. The entire lower side of the case consists only of a silky network. The valve is two-sided. The length of the case is 11–13 millimetres (0.43–0.51 in).
 Recilia angustisectus is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Israel.
 Glyphipterix cultrata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found in India (Assam).
 Igerna flavocosta is a species of leafhopper from Madagascar.
 Dendropsophus sanborni is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes plantations ponds and canals and ditches.
 Gravitcornutia umbrosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina and São Paulo).
 The lutungs are a group of Old World monkeys and make up the entirety of the genus Trachypithecus. Their range is split into two parts; one part is much of southeast Asia (northeast India southern China Borneo Thailand Java and Bali) the other part is extreme southern India and Sri Lanka. The greater part of India has lutungs.
 Common names: Jan's snake.Elapotinus is a monotypic genus created for the rear-fanged (opisthoglyphous) venomous snake species Elapotinus picteti found in Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Mordella pauli is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1924.
 Proeulia insperata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Putterillia is an extinct genus of stereospondyl temnospondyl within the family Lydekkerinidae.
 The Orange-striped Awl or Bibasis jaina is a species of hesperid butterfly found in Asia. The butterfly has been reassigned to genus Burara and is now Burara jaina. The butterfly is occasionally referred to as the Orange Awlet sometimes though the latter name is also used for Bibasis harisa.
 Coleonyx is a genus of terrestrial geckos commonly referred to as banded geckos. They are found throughout the southwestern United States Mexico and south into Central America. They are relatively small lizards measuring about 5–6 in (13–15 cm) inches in length. They are nocturnal and are found primarily in dry rocky habitats.
 Branisella is an extinct genus of New World monkey from the Salla formation of what is now Bolivia during the late Oligocene approximately 26 million years ago. It is the oldest fossil New World Monkey discovered. It was found in Bolivia by the paleontologist Leonardo Branisa and it was named after him by Hoffstetter the scientist who first described and classified it in 1969.
 The Red-legged Thrush (Turdus plumbeus) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in the Bahamas Cayman Brac Cuba Dominica the Dominican Republic Haiti and Puerto Rico. It formerly occurred on the Swan Islands Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Tachina subfasciata is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Austria.
 The yellow-spotted agama (Trapelus flavimaculatus) is a common species of agamid lizard endemic to the Middle East.
 Stagnicola utahensis common name the thickshell pondsnail is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails. This species is endemic to Utah in the USA. The last living snails were found in the 1930s.
 Soreutoneura is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Minuphloeus mixtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Minuphloeus.
 Medusafissurella is a genus of minute deepwater keyhole limpets marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
 Acrocercops nolckeniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Colombia and Guyana. It was described by P.C. Zeller in 1977. The hostplant for the species is an unidentified species of Brugmansia.
 Parapithecops is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Emutails are a pair of birds formerly assigned to the genus Dromaeocercus. They are both placed in the Locustellidae family but are usually placed in different genera: Brown Emutail 	Bradypterus brunneus Grey Emutail 	Amphilais seebohmi
 Eupithecia macrocarpata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The forewings are brownish olivaceous.The larvae feed on Cupressus macrocarpata and Cupressus forbesii.
 The starry handfish Halieutaea stellata is a batfish of the family Ogcocephalidae found on the continental shelves of the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths of between 50 and 400 m. They are up to 30 cm long.
 Acheilognathus binidentatus is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus. It is endemic to China.
 The Gillette's Checkerspot (Euphydryas gillettii) is a species of butterfly common in western North America from British Columbia to Oregon and from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean. The wingspan is 36–45 mm (1.4–1.8 in).Adults fly from mid-June to early August in Alberta.Caterpillars feed on Bracted Honeysuckle (Lonicera involucrata).
 Agnosia microta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.The wingspan is about 44 mm. The forewing upperside has a pale brown basal half and a generally darker distal half with a rounded dark brown patch on the inner margin near the base.
 Echineulima philippinarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Ibiza Rail (Rallus eivissensis) is a new species of rail described from a late Pleistocene to Holocene cave deposit at Es Pouàs on the island of Ibiza. Ibiza is in the Pityuses group of the Spanish Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea.
 Sir Huon (foaled 1903 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was the winner of the 1906 Kentucky Derby and Latonia Derby. Sir Huon was named after a character in the German opera Oberon and was bred at George J. Long's stud farm Bashford Manor Stable.
 Horvathinia is a small genus in the family Belostomatidae and the only genus in its subfamily. Though it was originally thought to contain eleven species upon recent reexamination the number of species was reduced to two. Horvathinia are incredibly rare and found only in a small part of South America in the border region of Brazil and Argentina. Fewer than 100 specimens of the genus have been collected to date always at lights at night.
 Lebrunia coralligens the hidden anemone is a species of sea anemone in the family Aliciidae. It is found in shallow water in the Bahamas the Caribbean and Brazil. It lives in fissures in corals and rocks.
 Focillidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Glyphipterix semiflavana is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Issiki in 1930. It is found in China and Japan.Adults are 4–5 mm long and greyish-brown in colour. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Phyllostachys species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They first mine into the main vein of newly sprouted leaves causing wilting of the damaged leaves.
 Cameroceras (chambered horn) is a genus of extinct giant orthoconic cephalopod that lived during the Ordovician period 470 to 460 million years ago.
 Eilema claudei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1980. It is found in Cameroon.
 Acraea amicitiae is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Africa. The habitat consists of montane forests.Adult males mud puddle.
 Belutchistania is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1951 and contains the species B. squamalis. It is found in Iran and the United Arab Emirates.
 Iodotropheus stuartgranti is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL.
 Trechoblemus micros is a species of ground beetle in the Trechinae subfamily.
 Philautus tectus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in Brunei and Malaysia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 †Amastra subsoror was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae. This species was endemic to Hawaii.
 Felimare cantabrica is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Polysema Skipper or Spinifex Sand-skipper (Proeidosa polysema) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm (1.2 in).The larvae feed on Triodia species including Triodia microstachya Triodia pungens and Triodia mitchellii. They construct a tent-shaped shelter made from silk and twisted leaves of its host plant where it rests during the day.
 Coleophora betulella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in all of Europe except the Balkan peninsula.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Betula pendula and Betula pubescens. In its final stage the larva lives in a pistol shaped case that with a mouth angle of 30°-45° is standing obliquely on the leaf.
 Parathyreinae is a subfamily of fossil beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following genera and species: Genus Acmaeoderimorpha Alexeev 1993 Acmaeoderimorpha emersa Alexeev 1996 Acmaeoderimorpha ignota Alexeev 1993 Genus Ancestrimorpha Alexeev 1993 Ancestrimorpha volgensis Alexeev 1993 Genus Cretocrassisoma Alexeev 2000 Cretocrassisoma indistinctum (Alexeev 1993) Genus Cretoelegantella Alexeev 2000 Cretoelegantella ponomarenkoi (Alexeev 1993) Genus Dicercoptera Alexeev 1993 Dicercoptera longipennis Alexeev 1993 Genus Karatausia Alexeev 1993 Karatausia maculata Alexeev 1993 Genus Mongoligena Alexeev 1993 Mongoligena curta Alexeev 1993 Mongoligena popovi Alexeev 1993 Mongoligena vulgata Alexeev 1993 Genus Mongolobuprestis Alexeev 1993 Mongolobuprestis gratiosus Alexeev 1993 Genus Paleas Alexeev 1993 Paleas maculipennis Alexeev 1993 Genus Paramongoligena Alexeev 1993 Paramongoligena transversicollis Alexeev 1993 Genus Parathyrea Alexeev 1993 Parathyrea jurassica Alexeev 1993 Genus Pseudochrysobothris Alexeev 1993 Pseudochrysobothris ballae (Whalley & Jarzembowski 1985) Genus Pseudomongoligena Alexeev 2000 Pseudomongoligena schinkudukense Alexeev 2000 Genus Stigmoderimorpha Alexeev 1993 Stigmoderimorpha rasnitsyni Alexeev 1993 Genus Umerata Alexeev 1993 Umerata mirabilis Alexeev 1993↑
 Phillips's Mouse (Mus phillipsi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in India.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and hot deserts.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The White Tern (Gygis alba) is a small seabird found across the tropical oceans of the world. It is sometimes known as the Fairy Tern although this name is potentially confusing as it is the common name of the Fairy Tern Sternula nereis. Other names for the species include Angel Tern and White Noddy.
 Perisphinctidae is a family of Middle and Upper Jurassic discoidal ammonites in the order Ammonitida. They have a shell morphology that is mostly evolute typically with biplicate simple or triplicate ribbing. Large forms have simple apertures and smooth body chambers while small forms have lappets and ribbed body chambers.Perisphinctidae were derived from the Stephanoceratidae in the Middle Jurassic Bajocian and ranged into the Tithonian at the end of the Jurassic.
 Clathrina antofagastensis is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from Chile. The species is named after Antofagasta Chile where the holotype was discovered.
 Bufo ocellatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Plain Softtail (Thripophaga fusciceps) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 The Opal-crowned Tanager (Tangara callophrys) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family the tanagers. It is one of 49 species in the genus Tangara.It is found in the eastern Andes drainages to the western Amazon Basin in southern Colombia eastern Ecuador and Peru and a region of northwestern Bolivia; for Brazil in southwestern-western Amazonas state and Acre.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Megacorma iorioi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Seram in Indonesia.
 Giesbertiolus linnaei is a species of scarab beetle belonging to the Cetoniidae subfamily. It is native to Costa Rica.
 The Harwood's Francolin (Pternistis harwoodi) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is a grey-brown bird with red bill and tail and red bare skin around the eyes.
 Eugamandus cayamae is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1926 and is known from Cuba.
 Sargus albibarbus is a European species of soldier fly.
 The Riverside Tyrant (Knipolegus orenocensis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Acrolophus dictyopsamma is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Amynodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The genus Contopus is a group of small to medium-sized insect-eating birds in the Tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae.These birds are commonly known as peewees from the call of one of the more common members of this vocal group. They are generally charcoal-grey birds with wing bars that live in wooded areas.
 Leptotyphlops dissimilis or the Sudan blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 The Poplar tortricid (Gypsonoma minutana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Europe (north up to Finland) and North Africa Turkey Trans-Caucasus Ural Kazakhstan from central Asia to Siberia and eastern Russia Asia Minor Iran Afghanistan Mongolia China and Japan.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing in July in England. In Japan there are two to three generations per year (in June July and August).
 Haarder also So-iuy mullet or Redlip mullet Liza haematocheilus is a species of fish of the family Mugilidae.Sometime the haarder is incorrectly included in the genus Mugil (earlier it was described as Mugil soiuy) but now it is described in the genus Liza.
 The dusky leaf-nosed bat or dusky roundleaf bat (Hipposideros ater) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Australia India Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Papua New Guinea the Philippines Sri Lanka and Thailand.
 Stenomesius is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Cabestana dolaria common name: the Ringed African triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae referred to as the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Rhagoletis juglandis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Myxastyla is a genus of predatory air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.
 The polkadot catshark Scyliorhinus besnardi is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found on the outer continental shelf off northern Uruguay between latitudes 31° S and 39° S at depths of between 140 and 190 m. Its length is up to 47 cm.Reproduction is oviparous.
 Tecnophilus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species:Tecnophilus croceicollis (Menetries 1843)Tecnophilus pilatei Chaudoir 1877↑
 Tridens melanops is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil where it is native to the Amazon Basin. This species grows to a length of 2.7 centimetres (1.1 in) SL. This species is the only described species in its genus.
 Microweiseini is a tribe of lady bird.
 Turris solomonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Ethmia plaumanni is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Brazil.The length of the forewings is 9.3-10.3 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white with unicolorous blackish brown markings which are nearly black faintly reflecting steel bluish in spots. The ground color of the hindwings is white but dark brown at the distal margins.
 Hylomantis psilopygion is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Pencilled Blue or Common Pencil-blue (Candalides absimilis) is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found along the east coast of Australia including Queensland the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adult males are grey-blue while females are brown on top with a large white patch on each wing and a purple sheen near the hinges.
 Mystacoleucus is a genus of cyprinid fishes that are found in Southeast Asia. There are currently eight described species in this genus.
 Pterygia scabricula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Brachytarsophrys intermedia (Annam spadefoot toad) is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family.It is found in Vietnam Laos and possibly Cambodia. This species might be a synonym of Brachytarsophrys carinense.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ampelasia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Halielloides nitidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This species along with Halielloides fragilis and Halielloides verrilliana belongs in the Halielloides genus of gastropods.
 Stagmatoptera biocellata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera.
 Panpulmonata is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs in the clade Heterobranchia within the clade Euthyneura.Panpulmonata was established as a new taxon by Jörger et al.
 The transverse volcanic leopard frogRana neovolcanica is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland rivers freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Turbonilla wrightsvillensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hylodes babax is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Minster Son (1985–2006) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career which lasted from late summer 1987 until September 1988 he ran eight times and won five races. He recorded his most important success when winning the Classic St. Leger Stakes as a three-year-old in 1988 ridden by his breeder Willie Carson. In the same year in which he also won the Newmarket Stakes the Predominate Stakes and the Gordon Stakes. He was retired to stud following his St Leger victory.
 Telosentis is a genus of acanthocephalans. The representatives of the genus are distributed in tropical waters of Indian ocean Pacific coast of Australia and Mediterranean. Consists of four species: Telosentis australiensis Edmond 1964 Telosentis exiguus (von Linstow 1901) Telosentis lutianusi Gupta & Gupta 1990 Telosentis mizellei Gupta & Fatma 1988↑
 Conus dieteri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Paralectra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Fenimorea halidorema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Xenopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Xenopsis akiyamai Volkovitsh 2009 Xenopsis boschmai Thery 1935 Xenopsis kubani Volkovitsh 2009 Xenopsis laevis Saunders 1867 Xenopsis pacholatkoi Volkovitsh 2008 Xenopsis violaceocyanea Volkovitsh 2008 Xenopsis woodleyi Volkovitsh 2008↑
 Macroglossum reithi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.
 Aculepeira lapponica is an orb-weaving spider found in Sweden Finland and Russia.
 Hesperoconopa is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 The Scarce Brindle (Apamea lateritia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in much of Eurasia. It is a sporadic migrant in Great Britain where it is recorded from the east and south-east coasts.The wingspan is about 42–50 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on the roots of grasses.
 Zabrus balcanicus is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that can be found in Bulgaria Kosovo Montenegro Republic of Macedonia Serbia Voivodina and Turkey.
 Teracotona submaculata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Kenya Malawi Namibia Somalia and South Africa.
 Eriococcidae is a family of scale insects in the order Hemiptera. They are commonly known as felt scales or eriococcids. Each species is usually specific to a different plant host or closely related group of hosts.Recent research using ribosomal DNA has shown that the family Eriococcidae is not a single monophyletic group but is an aggregation of several different groups.
 Mordellistena festiva is a species of beetle in the Mordellidae family and is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion and is endemic to Hungary.
 Emmalocera ochracealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Hampson in 1912. It is found in India.
 Emarginula octaviana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Leptobrachium nigrops is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Listrophorus is a genus of parasitic mites in the family Listrophoridae.
 The White-eared Ground Sparrow (Melozone leucotis) is a large American sparrow which breeds in a small range of Central America at middle altitudes from southern Mexico and Guatemala to northern Costa Rica.
 Coleophora syriaca is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Syria.
 Ranella is a genus of large warm-water and tropical sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ranellidae the tritons.
 Grand Parade (1916–1932) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from April 1918 to June 1919 he ran eight times winning seven races and was never beaten at level weights. He was a leading two-year-old in Ireland in 1918 winning the Anglesey Stakes and the National Produce Stakes. In 1919 he won both his races and became the first black horse for 106 years to win the Epsom Derby.
 Auximobasis prolixa is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Peru.
 Eupithecia cautin is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Chile and/or Peru.
 Emmalocera flavodorsalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Janse in 1922. It is found in South Africa.
 Alvania cimex is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Apophthisis congregata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).
 Nebria laticollis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France Italy and Switzerland.
 Pseudis fusca is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes pastureland water storage areas and ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Retimohnia caelata common name : the plump whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pectinivalva is a genus of moths of the Nepticulidae family.
 The Pacific Double-saddle Butterflyfish or False Furcula Butterflyfish (Chaetodon ulietensis) is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It flourishes in coral-rich environments in the central Indo-Pacific region. Their range extends from the Cocos-Keeling Islands to the Tuamotu Islands and north to Japan. They are usually found from the surface to 20 m depths and like shallow channels with high current.
 Sisurcana analogana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).
 Cyclosomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cyclosomus basalis Kolbe 1897 Cyclosomus buquetii Dejean 1831 Cyclosomus collarti Burgeon 1931 Cyclosomus equestris Boheman 1848 Cyclosomus flexuosus (Fabricius 1775) Cyclosomus inustus Andrewes 1924 Cyclosomus madecassus Fairmaire 1898 Cyclosomus philippinus Heller 1923 Cyclosomus rousseaui Dupuis 1912 Cyclosomus rugifrons Jeannel 1949 Cyclosomus somalicus Alluaud 1935 Cyclosomus sumatrensis Bouchard 1903 Cyclosomus suturalis (Wiedemann 1819)↑
 The bird family Petroicidae includes roughly 45 species in about 15 genera. All are endemic to Australasia: New Guinea Australia New Zealand and numerous Pacific Islands as far east as Samoa. For want of an accurate common name the family is often called the Australasian robins. Within the family the species are known not only as robins but as scrub-robins and flycatchers.
 Psoloptera thoracica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Panama Ecuador and Brazil (Ega).
 Neolamprologus toae is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species reaches a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Sonniniidae comprise a diverse family of Middle Jurassic ammonites (order Ammonitida) ranging from those with stout evolute shells to those whose shells are sharply rimmed oxyconic. The keel which runs along the middle of the venter is typically hollow. Sutures vary from simple to complex. Aptychus is shiny with coarse folds (Cornaptychus). The Sonniniidae are included in the Hildocerataceae. Most lived during the middle Bajocian stage.
 Lucidella is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae.
 Mesocyclops insulensis is a species of copepod in the family Cyclopidae endemic to Lake Bemapaza on Nosy Bé island Madagascar.
 Cinctipora is a bryozoan genus in the family Cinctiporidae also known in fossil records.
 Lithoconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Pseudapistosia umber is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1775. It is found in Panama Colombia Surinam Ecuador and Peru.
 The Red-crested Turaco (Tauraco erythrolophus) is a turaco a group of African near-passerines. It is a frugivorous bird endemic to western Angola. Its call sounds somewhat like a jungle monkey.The National Bird of Angola is the striking endemic Red-crested Turaco. The turaco itself is becoming a national icon for conservation especially bird and forest conservation. It occurs quite commonly along the length of the Angolan escarpment and adjacent forested habitats.
 Hemagalma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Opostomias is a genus of barbeled dragonfish.
 Charanyctycia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Ruby-throated Hummingbird (Archilochus colubris) is a species of hummingbird.As with all hummingbirds this species belongs to the family Trochilidae and is currently included in the order Apodiformes. This small animal is the only species of hummingbird that regularly nests east of the Mississippi River in North America.
 The Mountain Hawk-Eagle or Hodgson's Hawk-eagle (Nisaetus nipalensis earlier treated under Spizaetus) is a bird of prey. Like all eagles it is in the family Accipitridae. It breeds in the Indian Subcontinent from India Nepal to Thailand Taiwan Indonesia and Japan.The Mountain Hawk-Eagle is a medium-large raptor at 69–84 cm (27–33 in) in length and a wingspan of 134–175 cm (53–69 in).
 Lemyra phasma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1899. It is found in China (Sichuan Yunnan Hunan Hubei Guizhou Tibet) and possibly northern Vietnam.
 Ptiloniola is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Acisoma trifidum is a species of dragonfly in the Libellulidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of the Congo Côte d'Ivoire Equatorial Guinea Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo Uganda Zambia possibly Burundi possibly Kenya and possibly Tanzania.
 Phidiana is a genus of sea slugs aeolid nudibranchs marine gastropod molluscs in the family Facelinidae.
 Diataraxia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Euophryinae is a subfamily of jumping spiders.
 Asiccia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Common White Spot Skipper (Trapezites petalia) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Queensland and New South Wales.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Lomandra filiformis Lomandra longifolia and Lomandra multiflora.
 Gymnothorax philippinus is a moray eel found in the western Pacific ocean around the Ryukyu Islands and the Philippines. It was first named by Jordan and Seale in 1907 and reaches a maximum length of 60 centimetres.
 The crested mona monkey (Cercopithecus pogonias) also known as the crowned guenon crowned monkey golden-bellied guenon or golden-bellied monkey is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon and Nigeria.
 The Hatinh langur (Trachypithecus hatinhensis) is a highly threatened Old World monkey found in limestone forests in Vietnam primarily in the Quảng Bình Province. A recent survey discovered a small population living in the Quảng Trị Province. Contrary to its name it is not known from the Hà Tĩnh Province. The local Van Kieu minority refer to this lutung as the 'Con Cung' which roughly translates as black cliff-dwelling monkey with a long tail.
 The Wineland Blue (Lepidochrysops bacchus) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found from the West Cape to the East Cape. The wingspan is 22-29 mm for males and 24-30 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to January. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Selago fruticosa and Selago geniculata.
 Adela homalella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in Spain Austria Bosnia and Herzegovina Serbia and Montenegro Albania and the Republic of Macedonia.
 Eugoa trifasciella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Hemiliostraca joshuana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Nassaria cirsiumoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Fergana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Peronyma is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Olivella mutica common name the variable dwarf olive is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 The Barolo Shearwater (Puffinus baroli) also known as the North Atlantic Little Shearwater or Macaronesian Shearwater is a small shearwater which breeds in the Azores and the Canary Islands of Macaronesia in the North Atlantic Ocean. The epithet commemorates the Italian marquis Carlo Tancredi Falletti di Barolo.
 Circulocrania is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Terebra bridgesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Serratorotula is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Pouched Frog (Assa darlingtoni) is a small terrestrial frog found in rainforests in mountain areas of south-eastern Queensland and northern New South Wales Australia. It is the sole species within the genus Assa and is part of the family Myobatrachidae.
 Cyprogenia is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.
 The Himalayan Monal (Lophophorus impejanus) also known as the Impeyan Monal Impeyan Pheasant and Danphe is a bird in the pheasant family Phasianidae. It is the national bird of Nepal where it is known as Danphe and state bird of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh INDIA where it is known as Monal.Traditionally the Himalayan Monal has been classified as monophyletic.
 Planotortrix is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Bornealcis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Chytonidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Oliva poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The High Brown Fritillary (Fabriciana adippe) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family native from Europe across mainland Asia to Japan.The adults fly in July/August and lay eggs near to the larval food plants which are species of violets (similar to the Pearl bordered fritillary). The eggs are often laid in places where there are dead bracken on the ground or in areas where the underlying rock is limestone the eggs may be laid in moss overlying rocks.
 Bigotites is strongly ribbed round-whorled perisphinctid ammonitic cephalopod from the middle Jurassic with a smooth band along the outer edge of the shell.
 Rachel Alexandra (foaled January 29 2006 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and the 2009 Horse of the Year. When she won the 2009 Preakness Stakes the second leg of the Triple Crown she became the first filly to win the race in 85 years (the last filly to win was Nellie Morse in 1924).
 Omiodes pritchardii is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on Pritchardia beccariana.
 Eleutherodactylus alticola is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Occasjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Cavalcade (1931–1940) was an American Hall of Fame Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career which lasted from 1933 until 1936 he ran twenty-two times and won eight races. He was best known for his performances as a three-year-old in 1933 when his wins included the Kentucky Derby the American Derby and the Arlington Classic. His subsequent career was disappointing and he failed to make a significant impact in a brief stud career.
 Procriosis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudonympha cyclops the Cyclops Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe and Mozambique. The habitat consists of grassy slopes.
 Thaxter's Pinion (Lithophane thaxteri) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America. See the subspecies section for more details.The wingspan is about 36 mm.The larvae mainly feed on Myrica gale.
 Cauchas leucocerella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Benelux the Iberian Peninsula Switzerland Denmark Fennoscandia Estonia and Lithuania.The wingspan is 9–10 mm.
 Carcelia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Olenellidae are a family of trilobites a group of extinct marine arthropods. They lived during the late Lower Cambrian (Botomian/Toyonian) in the so-called Olenellus-zone in the former paleocontinent of Laurentia. This family can be distinguished from most other Olenellina by the partial merger of the frontal (L3) and middle pair (L2) of lateral lobes of the central area of the cephalon that is called glabella creating two isolated slits.
 Megalaspides is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 The ornate skink Cyclodina ornata is a rare species of skink endemic to New Zealand. This species was once widespread through much of the North Island and on many offshore islands in the Hauraki Gulf and north of the Coromandel Peninsula.
 The Dundubiini are a tribe of cicadas from Asia. There are five subtribes: Terpnosiina Leptopsaltriina Dundubiina Cosmopsaltriina and Tosenina
 Noturus exilis also called the slender madtom is a species of the Ictaluridae family of catfish. The Ictaluridae family includes bullheads madtoms channel catfish and blue catfish. Noturus exilis is found in the central portion of the Mississippi River basin but is most abundant in Ozarkian streams. Slender Madtoms occur west of the Mississippi River in the Ozarks of Oklahoma Arkansas and Missouri north to southern Wisconsin and Minnesota.
 Hoplosternum littorale a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) belonging to the Callichthyinae subfamily of the family Callichthyidae. It is known as tamuatá in Brazil atipa in French Guiana hassar in Guyana kwi kwi (or kwie kwie [1]) in Suriname cascadu(ra) in Trinidad and busco or currito in Venezuela.
 Gastrodynerus is a small south-western nearctic genus of potter wasps with four currently recognized species all of them found in Mexico. Gastrodynerus vanduzeei is also found in the United States.
 Homalopteroides modestus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homalopteroides.
 Metarctia fulvia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 The Kunming catfish Silurus mento is a species of fish in the Siluridae family. It is endemic to China where it occurs in Dian Chi Lake. This species grows to a length of 21.5 centimetres (8.5 in) TL.
 The four-horned antelope (Tetracerus quadricornis) or chousingha is a species of small antelope found in open forest in India and Nepal. It is the only species currently classified in the genus Tetracerus. Standing only 55 to 64 cm (22 to 25 in) at the shoulder it is the smallest of Asian bovids. Males of the species are unique among extant mammals in that they possess four permanent horns. The species is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN due to habitat loss.
 Cerobasis albipes is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that is endemic to Madeira.
 Terinos is a genus of Nymphalid butterflies. They are found from Burma through southeast Asia to New Guinea.
 Monoplex trigonus common name the Trigonal Hairy Triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Daphnella hedya is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Aspella pyramidalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Barbus jubbi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Manduca blackburni commonly known as Blackburn's Sphinx Moth Hawaiian Tomato Hornworm and Hawaiian Tobacco Hornworm is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It is endemic to Hawaii. Previously known from all of the main islands this rare moth is now limited to Maui the Big Island and Kahoʻolawe. It is found in coastal mesic and dry forests at elevations from sea level 5000 ft (1500 m).M. blackburni is closely related to the tomato hornworm (M.
 The yellow-brown wrasse Thalassoma lutescens is a species of wrasse native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans where they are found from Sri Lanka to the Hawaiian Islands and from southern Japan to Australia. An inhabitant of coral reefs it occurs in schools at depths from 1 to 30 m (3.3 to 98.4 ft). It can reach 30 cm (12 in) in total length. This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Turbonilla micans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ameerega pongoensis formerly Epipedobates pongoensis is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Xenophanes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Lophophelma vigens is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Himalaya and on Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of lower and upper montane forests.Adults have are rather uniform brown.
 Eulimidae is a family of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Eulimoidea.These small parasitic snails live on (or in some cases in) the bodies of echinoderms such as sea cucumbers sea urchins sea stars etc. The snails have a proboscis which they extend into their host's body cavity in order to feed.
 The Inagua slider (Trachemys stejnegeri malonei) is a subspecies of the Central Antillean slider. It is found in the Bahamas.
 Calliostoma gibbsorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Maurea).
 The filmy dome spider (Neriene radiata AKA Prolinyphia marginata and others in this genus) is a sheet weaver: a spider in the family Linyphiidae. These spiders construct a dome of fine silk and hang upside-down under it waiting for their prey.Members of this genus include:
 Aprasia is a genus of lizards in the family Pygopodidae from Australia. They are worm-like burrowing lizards. At least four of the species are oviparous.
 Miomantis semialata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Gastromyzon spectabilis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 The pallid bat (Antrozous pallidus) is a species of bat that ranges from western Canada to central Mexico. It is the sole species of its genus and is closely related to Van Gelder's bat (Bauerus dubiaquercus) which is sometimes included in Antrozous. Although it has in the past been placed in its own subfamily (Antrozoinae) or even family (Antrozoidae) it is now considered part of the subfamily Vespertilioninae and the tribe Antrozoini.
 Leucophlebia rosacea is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.
 The Undulated Antpitta (Grallaria squamigera) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Damias quardripuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Seram.
 Amannus pectoralis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1858.
 The smooth hammerhead (Sphyrna zygaena) is a species of hammerhead shark family Sphyrnidae so named because of the distinctive shape of the head which is flattened and laterally extended into a hammer shape (called the cephalofoil) without an indentation in the middle of the front margin (hence smooth). Unlike other hammerheads this species prefers temperate waters and occurs worldwide at medium latitudes.
 Brenthia virginalis is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Normichthys is a genus of tubeshoulders.
 The viviparous eelpout (Zoarces viviparus) also known as the viviparous blenny and European eelpout is an eelpout in the family Zoarcidae. It is notable for giving birth to live larvae (hence the description mother of eels). It is a common soup ingredient in Mediterranean countries. The bones are of greenish colour due to a harmless pigment.
 Teracotona uhrikmeszarosi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Szent-Ivany in 1942. It is found in Tanzania.
 Simena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Phagocata is a genus of planariid triclad.
 Orphulellini is a tribe of grasshoppers of the family Acrididae.
 The dollar sunfish (Lepomis marginatus) is a species of freshwater fish in the sunfish family (family Centrarchidae) of order Perciformes. It is categorized as a warm water pan-fish. Early settlers said that this species of sunfish resembled a European species they called bream. Historically it has been found along the Southern Atlantic coastal drainages from North Carolina to Florida and west to Texas.
 Apatelodes pandarioides is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in French Guiana.The wingspan is about 44 mm. There is an antemedial dark velvety brown spot on the inner margin of the forewings followed by a dark brown line a dark curved medial line and a more heavily marked postmedial line. There is also a subterminal line from the costa at three-fourths from the base followed on the costa by a triangular dark brown spot outwardly edged with buff.
 Articerodes omomoi is a snout beetle discovered in Thailand in 2008.
 Schistura novemradiata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Auratonota rutra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Halling (foaled March 14 1991) is a retired thoroughbred racehorse and active sire. He is notable for completing the double of the Eclipse Stakes and the International Stakes in both 1995 and 1996.
 Maladera is a genus in the beetle family Scarabaeidae containing species such as Maladera insanabilis and Maladera castanea.
 Erimyzon is a genus of suckers native to North America. There are currently four recognized species in this genus.
 Raphitoma pallaryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Raphitoma laviae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Melanorhinus is a genus of Neotropical silversides from the Caribbean Sea and Bahamas.
 The name Fairy Tern can also refer to the White Tern (Gygis alba)The Fairy Tern (Sternula nereis) is a small tern which is native to the southwestern Pacific.
 Bembicium nanum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Ceromitia viscida is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 The Tombigbee moccasinshell scientific name Medionidus mcglameriae was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species was endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat was rivers.
 Romulus globosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Romulus.
 Apatelodes kotzschi is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The unicorn leatherjacket Aluterus monoceros is a filefish of the family Monacanthidae found around the world in subtropical oceans between latitudes 43° N and 35° S at depths down to 50 m. Its length is up to 76 cm.
 Longitarsus candidulus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in Croatia France Italy (including the islands of Corsica and Sardinia) Portugal Spain and Yugoslavia.
 Eulepidotis candida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana.
 The big-headed turtle (Platysternon megacephalum) is a species of turtle in the family Platysternidae from the Southeast Asia and southern China.
 The Myrmicinae are a subfamily of ants with about 140 genera; their distribution is cosmopolitan. The pupae lack cocoons. Some species retain a functional sting. The petioles of Myrmicinae consist of two nodes. The nests are permanent and in soil rotting wood under stones or in trees.
 Aedia funesta is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Central Europe Southern Europe Anatolia and Iran.There are two generations per year. Adults are on wing from April to June and from August to October.The larvae feed on Calystegia sepium and Convolvulus arvensis.
 Tresus capax is a species of saltwater clam marine bivalve mollusk common name the fat gaper in the family Mactridae. It also shares the common name horse clam with Tresus nuttallii a species which is similar in morphology and lifestyle. Both species are somewhat similar to the Geoduck (Panopea generosa which is in the family Hiatellidae) though smaller with shells up to eight inches long (20 cm) weight to 3–4 lb (1.4–1.8 kg).
 Neodiachipteryx carinigera is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Neodiachipteryx.
 Onchidella is a genus of small air-breathing sea slugs shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Onchidiidae.
 Methysia notabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by 1854. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Catastia kistrandella is a species of snout moth in the genus Catastia. It was described by Opheim in 1963. It is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia.The wingspan is 18–22 mm.
 The Eastern Blackheaded Budworm (Acleris variana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Newfoundland and Cape Breton Island and the northeast United States across the coniferous forest region of Canada presumably to Saskatchewan or eastern Alberta. The larvae mainly feed on Abies balsamea and Picea glauca.
 Megacorma remota is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 The Spring White California White or Colorado White (Pontia sisymbrii) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in mountainous areas of western Canada and the USA.It is mostly white with small black markings; females may be yellowish.
 Nannopterix is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the Micropterigidae family.
 The Dusky Antbird or Tyrannine Antbird (Cercomacra tyrannina) is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is a resident breeder in tropical Central and South America from southeastern Mexico southwards to western Ecuador and Amazonian Brazil.This is a common bird in the understory thickets of wet forest especially at edges and clearings and in adjacent tall second growth.
 Dellamora philippinensis is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1930.
 Odontolabis cuvera is a beetle of the Family Lucanidae stag beetles. The males have three morphological forms with variations in the size of their mandibles.This beetle is native to southeast Asia.
 Turbonilla qenenoji is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Tribulus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Coleophora dianthi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe Russia Turkey and Iraq.The wingspan is about 13.5 mm.The larvae feed on Dianthus cartusianorum. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 The Philippine Frogmouth (Batrachostomus septimus) is a nocturnal bird that is found throughout the Philippine archipelago. It is common in lowland forests and maturing second growth. Little information is known about the bird. It feeds on grasshoppers cicadas crickets and beetles.
 Anancus is an extinct genus of gomphothere endemic to Africa Europe and Asia that lived during the Turolian age of the late Miocene until the genus' extinction during the early Pleistocene roughly from 3—1.5 million years ago.
 Tingena marcida is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is native to New Zealand.
 Barbus nigeriensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Assara hoeneella is a species of snout moths in the genus Assara. It was described by Roesler in 1965 and is known from China and Japan.
 Neoseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Pterophorus candidalis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Taiwan India Sri Lanka the New Hebrides New Caledonia Samoa Tonga and most of Africa.The wingspan is 15–28 mm. The head antennae thorax mesothorax tegulae abdomen and legs are white. The forewings are white with a faint yellowish grey gloss. There are sparse dark scales at the base of the cleft and near the apex of the first lobe. The fringes are white. The hindwings are also white.
 Schistura devdevi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Zospeum tholussum is a cave-dwelling species of air-breathing land snails in the family Ellobiidae. It is a very small species with a shell height of less than 2 mm (0.08 in) and a shell width of around 1 mm (0.04 in). Z. tholussum individuals are completely blind and possess translucent shells with five to six whorls. The second whorl of their shells has a characteristic dome-like shape.
 Boreconia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Ochtozetus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Ochtozetus bicolor (Brulle 1838) Ochtozetus inexpectatus Bousquet & Laplante 1997↑
 Euchontha carboniptera is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to the eastern slopes of the Peruvian Andes.The length of the forewings is 13-14 mm for males. The ground color of the forewings is darkcharcoal gray to black. The ground color of the hindwings is dark gray to blackish charcoal gray.
 Euproctosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Euproctosia cretata which is found in Ghana.
 Hemiscyllium michaeli commonly known as the Milne Bay epaulette shark is a species of bamboo shark in the genus Hemiscyllium. It is a tropical shark known from the shallow ocean in the Milne Bay region of eastern Papua New Guinea. The epaulette sharks of this region have long been confused with H. freycineti and it was only in 2010 that H. michaeli was described as a separate species by Gerald R. Allen and Christine L. Dudgeon. It can reach a maximum length of 69.5 centimetres (27.4 in).
 Sthenopis roseus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Oberthür in 1912 and is known from China including Hubei.
 Schistura longa is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Caryinae is a subtribe of the tribe Juglandeae subfamily in the Juglandaceae.The Latin description of this subtribe is as follows:Medulla solida; pollenis grana 3-pora; bracteolae pis- tillatae 2 (ve1 3-5) ad apicem ovarii connatae; positio carpellorum transversa (sensu Manningii); stigmata com- missuralia; papillae stigmnaticae paginam stigmatis brevis rotundati tegentes stylo obsolete.
 Timbellus richeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Megalorhipida vivax is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa and Gambia.
 The Coppery-naped Puffleg Eriocnemis luciani sapphiropygia is a species of hummingbird found in the Andes in Peru in wet montane forest edges between 2000–4000 m altitude. It is usually considered a subspecies of the Sapphire-vented Puffleg Eriocnemis luciani.
 The Middle Spotted Woodpecker (Dendrocopos medius) is a European woodpecker belonging to the genus Dendrocopos.The Middle Spotted Woodpecker is 20–22 cm long and has plumage similar to the Great Spotted Woodpecker. As with that species the upperparts are predominantly black with white oval wing patches and white barring on the wings and the underparts are white.
 Siratus colellai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Jordanisca is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Conus loyaltiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Gerrhoceras is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 The greater naked-tailed armadillo Cabassous tatouay is an armadillo species from South America. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay Peru and Uruguay.
 Crataerina pallida the swift lousefly is a species of biting fly in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. These flies are commonly encountered in the nests of the Common Swift (Apus apus) in Europe and Asia.The lousefly spends its entire life cycle associated with swifts. The adult lousefly produce larvae in the late summer months which then pupate and lie dormant during the winter months inside the vacated swift nest.
 Bicyclus pavonis the Rock Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Mali Guinea Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Ghana northern Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic southern Sudan northern Uganda northern Ethiopia and north-western Kenya. The habitat consists of rocky outcrops in arid savanna.The larvae feed on Sporobolus pyramidalis.
 Choreutis torridula is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1926. It is found in Sierra Leone.
 Lacera is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 Emuella is a genus of trilobites of the family Emuellidae. Its fossils have been found in South-Australia. It can be recognised by touching glabella and frontal border and the sub-pentagonal head as compared to a short field between the front of the axis in the head or glabella and the border ridge and a semi-circular headsheald in the sister-genus Balcoracania.
 Vanikoro granulosa is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Mordella apicalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1929.
 Sio nordenskjoldii Nordenskjold's bigscale is a species of ridgehead found in the southern oceans at depths of from 200 to 3000 metres (660 to 9840 ft). This species grows to a length of 12.3 centimetres (4.8 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus. This species is of minor importance to commercial fisheries.
 Papuarisme is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Geina is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Sespia (Sespe) is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore of the family Merycoidodontidae subfamily Merycoidodontinae (an oreodont) endemic to North America during the Whitneyan stage of the Oligocene-Late Oligocene epochs (30.8—24.8 mya) existing for approximately 6 million years.
 Chabuata is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Idalus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Gibberula epigrus is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Vexillum epiphaneum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Nanopsis nana is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Jeffreys in 1867.
 Cosmogonia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ceryx semicincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1895. It is found on Tenasserim Malacca and Borneo.
 Staphylinochrous albabasis is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Pseudomeritastis emphanes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is about 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy white grey in the costal third and darker basally and apically with a few brown-grey dashes. The hindwings are creamy slightly tinged ochreous at the apex.
 The mole-like rice tenrec (Oryzorictes hova) also known as the fossorial tenrec or hova rice tenrec is a species of mammal in the Tenrecidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater lakes irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Peru marsupial frog (Gastrotheca peruana) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens and urban areas.It is kept as a pet.
 Problepsis plenorbis is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo.
 Proeulia approximata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Stenalia testacea is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1787 by Johan Christian Fabricius.
 Salarias sibogai is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean.
 Ranatra linearis is a species of aquatic bug in the Nepidae family. They are typically five centimeters long. The breathing tube tail is often half the length of the insect. Their habitat is usually shallow water in weedy ponds. They are swimming insects and the adults can fly.
 The White-thighed Swallow (Neochelidon tibialis) is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family. Its genus Neochelidon is monotypic.[citation needed]It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Panama Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Acmanthina is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Saphenista cinigmula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Calliostoma diaphoros is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Ernst Mayr's Water Rat (Leptomys ernstmayri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae named for evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr.It is found in the Foja Mountains of Papua Province Indonesia and in the mountains of northeastern Papua New Guinea.
 Cicada orni is a species of cicada belonging to the family Cicadidae subfamily Cicadinae and the genus Cicada. The genus name comes directly from the Latin cicada meaning buzzer while the species name orni possibly comes from Fraxinus ornus (Manna Ash or South European Flowering Ash) where this cicada often lay its eggs deep in branches.
 Niveria is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Provoke (foaled 1962) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career which lasted from autumn 1964 until September 1965 he ran seven times and won four races. He won the Classic St Leger as a three-year-old in 1965 defeating Meadow Court by ten lengths. He was later exported to stand as a stallion in the Soviet Union.
 The northern map turtle (Graptemys geographica) formerly known as the common map turtle is an aquatic turtle in the family Emydidae. It is endemic to North America.
 Oxylides feminina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru Lualaba Shaba Maniema and Kivu) and north-western Zambia.
 Acrocercops cyclogramma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Peru. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921.
 The White-breasted Robin (Eopsaltria georgiana) is a species of bird in the Petroicidae family. It is endemic to the southwest of Western Australia. Unlike many other Australian robins it lacks bright colours in its plumage being a predominantly greyish bird with white underparts. Like many other Australian passerines of the Corvida group it is a cooperative breeder. It is sedentary with pairs or small groups maintaining territories.
 Aaptos suberitoides is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1934.
 Helcystogramma crypsinomum is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1929. It is known from Thailand.
 Kladothrips is a genus of Australian gall thrips. It is notable for including some of the few organisms outside of Hymenoptera that exhibit eusociality.
 Phrynopus cophites is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acrocercops cornicina is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Meghalaya India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1908.
 Phelsuma abbotti pulchra Rendahl 1939 is a subspecies of geckos. It typically lives near human settlements on Cousine Island. Phelsuma abbotti pulchra feeds on insects and nectar.
 Caledoniscincus atropunctatus is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae endemic to New Caledonia.
 Bathybates is a small genus of predatory cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.
 Cerithiopsis portoi is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It was described by Rolán and Espinosa in 1996.
 Synaphe bradleyalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Viette in 1960. It is found on Madagascar.
 The Bat Falcon (Falco rufigularis) is a falcon that is a resident breeder in tropical Mexico Central and South America and Trinidad. It was long known as Falco albigularis; the name Falco fusco-coerulescens or Falco fuscocaerulescens long used for the Aplomado Falcon are now believed to refer to the present species.The female Bat Falcon at 30.5 cm length is much larger than the 23 cm long male. Adults have a black back head and tail.
 Coleophora estriatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.The wingspan is about 17.5 mm.
 The South Island Snipe (Coenocorypha iredalei) also known as the Stewart Island Snipe or Tutukiwi in Maori is an extinct species of bird in the Scolopacidae or sandpiper family that was endemic to New Zealand.
 Eupithecia bicurvicera is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Etheostoma jordani the greenbreast darter is a species of darter endemic to the southeastern United States where it occurs in the systems of the Alabama River and the Black Warrior River. It is an inhabitant of streams and rocky riffles of creeks and smaller rivers. This species can reach a length of 7.9 centimetres (3.1 in) TL though most only reach about 5 centimetres (2.0 in).
 Perisyntrocha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Heliothis cruentata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 Bipalium kewense is a species of large predatory land flatworm of the family Geoplanidae sometimes referred to as a hammerhead slug due to its half-moon-shaped head. It is believed to be native to Southeast Asia. B. kewense has been found spanning the entire southern portion of North America.
 Isognomostoma isognomostomos is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails.
 Eois carrasca is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Strongylida is a suborder that includes many of the important nematodes found in the gastrointestinal tracts of ruminants horses and swine as well as the lungworms of ruminants and the hookworms of dogs and cats.
 Smuggler (foaled May 20 2002 in Kentucky) is an American Champion Thoroughbred racing mare. She was a homebred owned by Ogden Mills Phipps and trained by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer Claude Shug McGaughey. Smuggler had a very short and brief career on the race track but proved to be a Champion in that brief time. She had a record of 5 wins in 9 lifetime starts.
 Euriphene lomaensis the Loma Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of forests.
 Trachysma tenue is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pendromidae.
 Gamasiphis is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
 Neospinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The zebra loach (Botia striata) is a small freshwater fish native to southern India. The maximum size is about 3 inches (7.6 cm). It lives in tropical climate with temperature range of 23–26 °C (73–79 °F) and prefers water with 6.0 to 8.0 pH 5.0 to 12 dGH.Zebra loaches are peaceful fish suitable to community aquarium tanks. However being bottom feeders they may show some aggression against other smaller bottom feeders. Therefore small corydoras are not suitable tankmates.
 The Australian Swiftlet (Aerodramus terraereginae) is a small bird belonging to the genus Aerodramus in the swift family Apodidae. It is endemic to Queensland in north-eastern Australia. It was formerly included in the White-rumped Swiftlet (Aerodramus spodiopygius) but is now commonly treated as a separate species. It has two subspecies which are occasionally regarded as two separate species: A. t. terraereginae and A. t. chillagoensis (Chillagoe Swiftlet).
 Amphiscapha is a fossil gastropod mollusk or less likely a monoplacophoran genus from the Pennsylvanian and Lower Permian of North and South America included in the family Euomphalidae. It is sometimes regarded as a subgenus of Straparollus S. (Amphiscapha) Knight 1942
 Scaphidiinae is a subfamily of Staphylinidae.
 Barbus rouxi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Turbonilla nicoyana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acanthofrontia biannulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Schizopygopsis malacanthus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizopygopsis.
 Rafinesque's big-eared bat (Corynorhinus rafinesquii) is a species of vesper bat.
 The Acleistoceratidae named by Flower in Flower & Kümmel 1950 is a family of oncocerids that contains genera characterized by depressed (or rarely compressed) exogastric brevicones and cyrtocones (Sweet 1964 K398) that range from the Middle Silurian to the Middle Devonian. The siphuncle is broadly expanded and in some actinosiphonate.The Acleistoceratidae are derived from Oncoceras (Oncoceratidae) through Amphycertoceras independently of the Oonoceras stock.
 Gibbodon cenensis is an extinct pycnodontid of the family Brembodontidae. G. cenensis' fossils are known from the Late Triassic strata of Cene Italy.It lived sympatrically with its close relative Brembodus.
 Gibbons are apes in the family Hylobatidae /ˌhaɪlɵˈbeɪtɨdiː/. The family historically contained one genus but now is split into four genera.
 Metridiidae is a family of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria.
 Hydrelia aggerata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Aglossa steralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by C. Felder R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875 and is known from South Africa (it was described from Grahamtown).
 Scotura auriceps is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Litthabitella elliptica is a species of very small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to France.
 Eresus sandaliatus is a species of spider found primarily in northern and central Europe. Like other species of the genus Eresus it is commonly called Ladybird spider because of the coloration of the male.
 Epirinus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Gardinia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Auriculella expansa was a species of tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks. This species was endemic to the United States.
 Scoparia animosa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1914. It is found in New Zealand.
 Krachia tiara is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from European waters. It was described by Monterosato in 1874.
 Biwia is a small genus of cyprinid fishes containing three species all of which are endemic to Japan.
 Platycnemis acutipennis known as the Orange Featherleg or the Orange White-legged Damselfly is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae.
 Chrysolarentia plagiocausta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory Tasmania and Victoria.The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 The Platyzoa /ˌplætɨˈzoʊ.ə/ are a group of protostome animals proposed by Thomas Cavalier-Smith in 1998. Cavalier-Smith included in Platyzoa the Phylum Platyhelminthes or flatworms and a new phylum Acanthognatha into which he gathered several previously described phyla of microscopic animals. Subsequent studies have supported Platyzoa as a clade a monophyletic group of organisms with a common ancestor while differing on the phyla included and on relationships within Platyzoa.
 Rhyncobombyx is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Radix natalensis is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lymnaeidae.This species occurs widely in Africa. It is a major intermediate host for Fasciola gigantica in Africa. Placement of this species in the genus Radix was confirmed by Correa et al. (2010).
 Stempfferia liberti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of riverine mosaic forest along the Nyong River.
 Tetragonoderus microthorax is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Jian & Tian in 2009.
 Bakonydraco is a genus of azhdarchoid pterosaur of the Santonian-age Upper Cretaceous Csehbánya Formation of the Bakony Mountains Iharkút Veszprém western Hungary.The genus was named in 2005 by David Weishampel Atilla Ősi and Jianu Coralia. The type species is Bakonydraco galaczi. The genus name refers to the Bakony Mountains and to Latin draco dragon.
 Prototroctes is a genus of New Zealand smelts containing one species native to Australia and another now extinct species formerly native to New Zealand.
 Canis apolloniensis is an extinct species of Canidae which was endemic to Europe and lived during the Early Pleistocene epoch from 1.81 Mya—781000 years ago existing for approximately 1.1 million years.Canis apolloniensis was a short-lived species in geologic time when compared to other Canis species. It coexisted with the Eurasian Wolf which appeared 1.59 million years earlier at 3.4 Ma.Canis apolloniensis was named by Koufos and Kostopoulos 1997.
 Pholidoctenus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Four Eyes or Ivy Leafroller (Cryptoptilla immersana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Queensland New South Wales and Tasmania.The wingspan is about 27 mm for females and 22 mm for males.The larvae feed on Hedera helix Kennedia prostrata and Caprifoliaceae Liliaceae Oleaceae Ranunculaceae Rosaceae Rutaceae Salicaceae Verbenaceae and Zamiaceae species. Furthermore it is considered a pest on Persea americana.
 Hestiasula masoni is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hestiasula in the order Mantodea.
 Ophirion is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Megastomia sulcifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Gray Comma or Grey Comma (Polygonia progne) is a species of Polygonia that occurs in North America.
 Clypeostoma meteorae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Hyalina albocylindrus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Asclepistola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Japanese bigeye or Pristigenys niphonia is a species of fish in the family Priacanthidae.
 Gammarus acherondytes is a species of crustacean in family Gammaridae. It is endemic to the Illinois Sinkhole Plain of Monroe and St. Clair counties in southwestern Illinois including Illinois Caverns State Natural Area. Historically it was known from six caves but in a survey in 1995 the species was found at only three of the sites with one further site inaccessible. This species occurs only in underground streams. It was first collected in 1938 and described as a new species in 1940.
 Eudendrium arbuscula is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Primischema is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Doliodactyla janatai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Doliodactyla.
 Anodonthyla is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Madagascar. It contains eleven recognized species.
 The Florida Owlet (Tetanolita floridana) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Wisconsin to Long Island south to Florida and Texas. The wingspan is 20–24 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October in central portion of its range all year round in the far south and from June to September in Ohio. There are two or more generations in the east.Larvae probably feed on fallen organic matter.
 The red forest duiker Natal duiker or Natal red duiker (Cephalophus natalensis) is a small antelope found in central to southern Africa. It is found in forests and shrublands in Malawi Mozambique and southern Tanzania.Red forest duikers are roughly 40 cm (16 in) tall at the shoulder and weigh 15 kg (33 lb) on average. They have chestnut coats with dark patches on their faces and backs of their necks. They eat fallen fruit foliage and insects.
 Ceroglossus chilensis the Chilean Magnificent Beetle is a species of beetles of the Carabidae family.
 Alucita dohertyi is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Dendrelaphis gorei (often called Gore's bronzeback or referred to as a Himalayan bronzeback) is a species of tree snake. It can be found in parts of India (Darjeeling Assam and Arunachal Pradesh) Myanmar Vietnam and China (Xinjiang Tibet). The snake is highly variable typically non-venomous (some have enlarged rear fangs and toxin saliva) with large regular scales on head.
 Bicyclus sandace the Dark Vulgar Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon Bioko the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Ethiopia western Kenya western Tanzania and Zambia.
 Conus lemniscatus common name the ribbon cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. Subspecies Conus lemniscatus carcellesi Martins 1945 (synonym: Lamniconus lemniscatus carcellesi (Martins 1945) ) Conus lemniscatus lemniscatus Reeve 1849 (synonym: Lamniconus lemniscatus lemniscatus (Reeve 1849) )Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous.
 Homalometron pallidum is a species of marine fluke in the class Trematoda. It is an endoparasite of the mummichog Fundulus heteroclitus a small fish found in brackish water along the east coast of the United States and Canada. It has a complex life cycle and lives inside several different host species at different stages.
 Acerentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Pseudoradiarctia lentifasciata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1916. It is found in South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 The Slaty-backed Thornbill (Acanthiza robustirostris) is a species of bird in the Pardalotidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Psaeropterella macrocephala is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Psaeropterella of the family Tephritidae.
 Paraoxypilus is a genus of mantis known as the boxer bark mantids. The reach 2–3 cm (about 1) long as adults while nymphs reach only 3 mm (about ⅛). This genus gets its name from the unusual way it acts like and resembles a boxer. Boxer bark mantids are black with hints of grey and white. They can mimic an ant due to its small size and its ant-like abdomen and small bumpy thorax. It does this to avoid predators and is excellent at camouflage.
 The Pilobolaceae are a family of fungi in the Mucorales order. Generally species in this family have a widespread distribution although there are some that are restricted to tropical and subtropical regions. This family includes three genera: Pilobolus Pilaria and Utharomyces.
 Myrina is a purely Afrotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae containing a total of five species.16x Media related to Myrina at Wikimedia Commons16x Data related to Myrina (butterfly) at Wikispecies
 The skipjack shad (Alosa chrysochloris) is a migratory North American species of freshwater fish of the subgenus Pomolobus (Faria et al. 2006) in the Clupeidae family. The name skipjack shad comes from the fact that it is commonly seen leaping out of the water while feeding (Whitehead 1985). Other common names include blue herring golden shad river shad Tennessee tarpon and McKinley shad. The skipjack shad is restricted to the Gulf of Mexico drainage basins.
 Gyas annulatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Cissa is a genus of relatively short-tailed magpies though sometimes known as hunting cissas that reside in the forests of tropical and subtropical southeast Asia and adjacent regions. The four species are quite similar with bright red bills a mainly green plumage black mask and rufous wings. Due to excess exposure to sunlight (and possibly a low-carotenoid diet) they often appear rather turquoise (instead of green) in captivity.
 The Olive Skipper (Pyrgus serratulae) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It is a species of mountainous areas of Europe but is absent from the British Isles and Scandinavia.This is a relatively distinctive species by the standards of the genus the upperside tending to be plainer than most of its congeners with only tiny white marks on the forewings and almost unmarked on the hindwings. The underside is usually mostly olive-green with paler markings. The wingspan is 24–28 mm.
 The giant mouse lemurs are small lemur species in the genus Mirza. They are native to the western deciduous forests of Madagascar usually located near the coast or other sources of water. Their fur is an olive-brown colour dorsally and yellowish-grey ventrally. Originally the genus was described as a single species Coquerel's Giant Mouse Lemur Mirza coquereli (named after the French entomologist Charles Coquerel) when this species was separated from the genus Microcebus in 1985.
 The Eastern Blue Sapphire (Heliophorus oda) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 The Beautiful Arches (Mniotype satura) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 40–50 mm. The moth flies from July to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on various woody plants and deciduous trees.
 Ophisma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Neadmete unalashkensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Pelochyta umbrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Schinia carminatra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Colorado and Oklahoma.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Meridarchis famulata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Mordellistena inexpectata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae. It is in the Mordellistena genus. It was described in 1967 by Ermisch and is found in Germany.
 Numbersixvalverde (born 1996) is an Irish race horse who won both the 2005 Irish Grand National and 2006 Aintree Grand National steeplechase beating Hedgehunter by six lengths with Niall 'Slippers' Madden in the saddle.Numbersixvalverde won his big races in the colours of owner Bernard Caroll who named the horse after his holiday home in the Algarve.
 Halieutichthys is a fish genus in the family Ogcocephalidae.
 Orthocladiinae is a subfamily of midges in the non-biting midge family (Chironomidae). For lack of a better common name they are simply referred to as orthoclads.
 The desert monitor Varanus griseus is a species of monitor lizards of the order Squamata found living throughout North Africa and South Asia. Three subspecies have been described: V. g. griseus (grey monitor) V. g. caspius (Caspian monitor) V. g. koniecznyi (Indian desert monitor)The desert monitor is carnivorous feeding on a wide range of vertebrates and invertebrates.
 Eupithecia yelchoensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of Biobio (Nuble Province) and Los Lagos (Llanquihue and Paleno provinces) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Northern Valdivian and Valdivian Forest Biotic provinces.The length of the forewings is about 8.5 mm for males and 8.5–9 mm for females.
 Odostomia septentrionalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Xystrocerini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Xystrocera and the following species: Xystrocera alcyonea Pascoe 1866 Xystrocera festiva Thomson 1861 Xystrocera globosa (Oliver 1795)↑
 Mastododera jansoni is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed on island of Madagascar.
 Odorrana bolavensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is endemic to Laos. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Callipielus gentillii is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Argentina.
 Mongolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India.
 Polemon christyi or the eastern snake-eater is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae. It is endemic to Africa.
 Erepta is a genus of air-breathing land snails a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.
 Ptychodon schuppi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae.
 Thalassoma cupido is a species of wrasse native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where it occurs from Japan to Taiwan. It is an inhabitant of coral or rocky reefs and occurs at depths from 3 to 10 m (9.8 to 32.8 ft). This species can reach 20 cm (7.9 in) total length though most do not exceed 14 cm (5.5 in). This species can also be found in the aquarium trade and is farmed in Japan.
 The robust ghost pipefish Solenostomus cyanopterus is a species of false pipefishes belonging to the family Solenostomidae.
 Utiaritichthys is a genus of serrasalmid found in the Amazon and Orinoco basins in tropical South America.
 The White-bibbed Swallow (Hirundo nigrita) also known as the White-throated Blue Swallow is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family. It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda.
 Avirostrum is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Spilarctia persimilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1914. It is found in Papua where it is restricted to the Central Mountain Range.
 Evius lobata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1911. It is found in Colombia and French Guiana.
 Bucculatrix ulmifoliae is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by M. Hering in 1931. It is found in Great Britain the Netherlands Germany central and eastern Europe. It has also been recorded from Iran.The wingspan is 6-7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish buff suffused with reddish brown toward the base. The hindwings are ochreous grey.
 Recapturetheglory (foaled February 11 2005) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.Recapturetheglory is a bay horse bred by Charles Jacobi. He was sired by the Breeders' Cup Sprint winner Cherokee Run is out of the mare Cold Awakening by Dehere.Recapturetheglory is owned by Louisianans Louie Roussel III and Ronald Lamarque who also owned Risen Star winner of the 1988 Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes.
 Duplicaria crakei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Corbiculidae common name basket clams are a family of aquatic bivalve molluscs in the order Veneroida. Clams in this family release many juveniles into the surrounding waters that have hatched inside the clams (ovoviviparous). Fertilization is internal. The juveniles are much smaller than those of the related family Sphaeriidae.Corbicula fluminea is an invasive species in many parts of the world.
 The Guianan Warbling Antbird (Hypocnemis cantator) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. Until recently it included the Imeri Peruvian Yellow-breasted Rondonia and Spix's Warbling Antbird as subspecies but based on vocal differences and to a lesser degree differences in plumages it has been recommended treating them as separate species.
 Hafiz (1952 – after 1966) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from 1954 until 1956 he ran at least thirteen times and won six races. As a three-year-old in 1955 he won the Prix de Guiche and the Prix Greffulhe in France before winning the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes and Champion Stakes in Britain.
 Schizothorax lantsangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Lasioseius is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
 Scarites striatus is a species of beetles belonging to the Carabidae family.
 Spaniel (1828–1833) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from July 1830 to early 1833 he ran eighteen times and won nine races. After an unsuccessful season as a two-year-old he made significant improvement in 1831 to win his first three races culminating in the Epsom Derby. Spaniel failed to win again for over a year but then recovered to win five races on Welsh racecourses in 1832. He died after being injured on his first start as a five-year-old in 1833.
 Metarctia henrardi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1953. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Humaita Antbird (Schistocichla humaythae) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. Until recently it was considered a subspecies of the Spot-winged Antbird but based on differences in voice and plumage it has been recommended that they are treated as separate species. As presently defined the Humaita Antbird is monotypic.It is found in humid forest in the south-western Amazon in Brazil and Bolivia.
 Paraprasina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Precis cuama the Paler Commodore is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba) eastern and central Tanzania Malawi Zambia Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of savanna and open woodland especially in rocky areas.Adults are on wing from December to July.
 Purpuricenus linsleyi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak in 1961.
 Peripsocus alboguttatus is a species of Psocoptera from Peripsocidae family that can be found in Austria Belgium Croatia Denmark Finland France Germany Great Britain Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Luxembourg Madeira Norway Poland Romania Spain Sweden Switzerland and the Netherlands. The species are brown coloured.
 Cephalotes dorbignyanus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Ptyas fusca commonly known as the White-bellied Rat Snake or Brown Rat Snake is a species of colubrid snake. It is found in Indonesia Brunei Malaysia Thailand and Singapore.
 The Spotted Berrypecker (Rhamphocharis crassirostris) is a species of bird in the berrypecker and longbill family Melanocharitidae. Although it is sometimes placed in the genus Melanocharis with the other berrypeckers in the family it s now treated as distinct enough to merit a monotypic genus Rhamphocharis.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
 Eulimella xenophyes is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.According to a study published in November 2011 in Zootaxa this species does not belong in Eulimella
 Prodontocharax is a genus of characins found in tropical South America with three currently described species: Prodontocharax alleni J. E. Böhlke 1953 Prodontocharax howesi (Fowler 1940) Prodontocharax melanotus N. E. Pearson 1924
 Eriphus variegatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Fragoso in 1996.
 Depreissia is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Dynatocephala omophaea is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Nepal Sikkim northern India Thailand western Malaysia Vietnam Sumatra and Borneo.
 Ptychozoon is a genus of arboreal gecko from Southeast Asia known as Flying Geckos or Parachute Geckos. They are characterized by cryptic coloration and elaborate webs surrounding the neck limbs trunk and tail. These membranes help to conceal the gecko against trees. When the gecko leaps into the air the flaps are used to generate lift and allow the gecko to control its fall. It can fly up to 200 feet (60 meters). Also it does a swoop at the end of its flight to land softly.
 †Spironema is a genus of extinct (Cretaceous) sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Puaiohi or Small Kauaʻi Thrush (Myadestes palmeri) is a rare species of songbird in the thrush family Turdidae that is endemic to the Hawaiian island of Kauaʻi. It is closely related to the other four endemic Hawaiian thrushes the Kāmaʻo Olomaʻo ʻŌmaʻo and ʻĀmaui. It was first collected by Henry Palmer in 1891 at Halemanu around the entrance to the Kōkeʻe State Park.
 The Camp Sasardi Salamander (Bolitoglossa cuna) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Bellerophontoidea (Bellerophontaceae Ulrich & Schofield 1897 ex Bellerophontidae McCoy 1951) common name bellerophonts is a superfamily of extinct planospirally-coiled globose molluscs. This superfamily is generally included within the Gastropoda but may instead be a group of monoplacophorans. The taxon first appeared late in the Cambrian and continued until late in the Triassic.
 Fusceulima boscheineni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Ectenessini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Acanthonessa Bomarion Cotynessa Ectenessa Ectenesseca Ectenessidia Eurymerus Lissoeme Meryeurus Niophis Paralissoeme Tricheurymerus↑
 Lozekia is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrialpulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Leptophobia forsteri is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Peru Colombia and Venezuela.The wingspan is about 52 mm (2.0 in).
 Pictocolumbella ocellata common name : the lightning dove shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Manoba coadei is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2003. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lower and upper montane forests.The length of the forewings is 8-9 mm for both males and females.
 The bicolored-spined porcupine (Coendou bicolor) is a species of nocturnal and arboreal rodent in the family Erethizontidae.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru.The head and body of Coendou bicolor measure about 543 mm and another 481 mm is tail. The body is covered with dense spines pale yellow at the base and black-tipped and significantly darker on the midback. The bicolored-spined porcupine has a fully prehensile tail that is primarily free of spines (Eisenberg 1989).
 Setaro's dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion setaroi) is a species of lizard in the Chamaeleonidae family. With a length of about 10 cm it is one of the smallest of all the dwarf chameleons. It has a reduced throat crest and a tail that is longer than the body in males and shorter than the body in females.It is endemic to South Africa where it is restricted to coastal dune forests in northern Kwazulu Natal.
 The Cape horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus capensis) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to South Africa and is potentially threatened by habitat loss and disturbance of its roosting sites although it is present in large enough enough numbers to be considered of Least Concern by the IUCN.It is a member of the Rhinolophus capensis species group together with the Bushveld Dent's and Swinny's horseshoe bats and is monotypic with no subspecies.
 Euriphene rectangula is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Cameroon to the Democratic Republic of Congo (Moyen Congo).
 The spottail chub (Algansea tincella) is a species freshwater fish in the genus Algansea endemic to Mexico.
 Aclytia signatura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in the West Indies.
 Pherechoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Satoracotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coleophora brandbergella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 The velvet dogfish Zameus squamulosus is a harmless sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae found around the world between latitudes 64°N and 48°S from the surface to 2000 m. Its length is up to 84 cm.Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Podkova is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Chrysomesia lophoptera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Koyaga viriditincta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The length of the forewings is 11 mm. The forewings are olive-brown tinged with white. The hindwings are white slightly irrorated with pale brown.
 Fairy Footsteps (15 January 1978 – 1996) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic 1000 Guineas in 1981. She showed promise in her first two races as a two-year-old before establishing herself as one of the best fillies of her generation with an emphatic win in the Waterford Candelabra Stakes. In the spring of 1981 she was heavily backed for the 1000 Guineas before and after a win in the Nell Gwyn Stakes.
 Colpospira curialis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Carposina contactella is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 15–16mm. The head and thorax are white and the abdomen is grey-whitish.
 The burrfish or spiny Boxfish (Chilomycterus schoepfi) is a member of the porcupinefish family Diodontidae.
 Acrocercops pharopeda is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916.
 Eupithecia dichroma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western North America including Washington Utah Colorado Oregon New Mexico and Arizona.
 Vexillum buriasense is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Remora is a genus of remoras native to temperate to tropical marine waters world-wide.
 The Harlequin Antbird (Rhegmatorhina berlepschi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pseudanisotarsus nicki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Pseudanisotarsus.
 Pteraetholix is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Amyna.
 The apron ray Discopyge tschudii is a small electric ray in the numbfish family Narcinidae known for being able to generate electric shocks for defense. It is one of two species in the genus Discopyge.
 The Galleriinae are a subfamily of snout moths (family Pyralidae) and occur essentially world-wide in some cases aided by involuntary introduction by humans.
 Clavelina elegans is a tunicate species in the genus Clavelina.
 Triplophysa farwelli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 The Paler Moodna Moth (Moodna pallidostrinella) is a species of snout moths in the genus Moodna. It was described by Neunzig in 1990 from Big Pine Key Florida U.S.A. The species has a wider distribution though including Florida Georgia Maryland New York Ontario South Carolina and Tennessee.
 Neocrepidodera cyanenscens is a species of black coloured flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Austria Czech Republic France Italy Poland Romania Slovakia Slovenia Switzerland and Ukraine.
 Rhipha leucoplaga is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1910. It is found in French Guiana and Venezuela.
 Eupithecia pupila is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Graphoceras is an extinct ammonite genus included in the hildoceratacean family Graphoceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage Middle Jurassic in what is now Europe north Africa and Iran.Graphoceras produced a compressed involute shell with a raised umbilical edge and sinuous ribbing.
 Decamorium is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Catamenia is a genus of atypical seedeaters. Formerly placed in the Emberizidae they are now considered tanagers.
 Dikerogammarus villosus also known as the killer shrimp is a species of amphipod crustacean native to the Ponto-Caspian region of eastern Europe but which has become invasive across the western part of the continent. In the areas it has invaded it lives in a wide range of habitats and will kill many other animals often not eating them. It is fast growing reaching sexual maturity in 4–8 weeks.
 Cerithiopsis virginica is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from the northwestern Atlantic Ocean. It was described by Henderson and Bartsch in 1914.
 Kermia informa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Granulifusus monsecourorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Mordellistena horni is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1927 by Maurice Pic.
 The Gorgon Hawkmoth (Sphingonaepiopsis gorgoniades) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Croatia Albania Macedonia central and southern Greece eastern Bulgaria and Romania across southern Ukraine and the Crimea southern Russia as far north as Kazan the southern Urals and eastern Kazakhstan to Kyrgyzstan and Afghanistan.
 Maculonaclia viettei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Chromis cyanea known by the common names blue reef chromis and blue chromis is a fish from the western Atlantic Ocean that is occasionally kept in marine aquariums.
 Pentheochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Rusty-bellied brush-furred rat (Lophuromys sikapusi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland arable land and pastureland.
 The American grass spiders are members of the genus Agelenopsis. They weave sheet webs that have a funnel shelter on one edge. The web is not sticky but these spiders make up for that shortcoming by running very rapidly. The larger specimens (depending on species) can get up to approximately 19 mm in body length. They may be recognized by the arrangement of their eight eyes into three rows.
 The harlequin rasbora a small fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae subfamily Rasborinae which was originally given the scientific name of Rasbora heteromorpha.
 Olivella aureobalteata is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Mitromorpha alphonsiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Melanogaster is a genus of hoverfies.
 Neritiliidae is a family of submarine cave snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Original spelling was Neritilidae. This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005.Five species are freshwater.
 Munona iridescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico French Guiana Venezuela Peru Brazil and Ecuador.
 Contortivena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Asarta aethiopella is a species of snout moths in the genus Asarta. It was described by Duponchel in 1837. It is found in France Spain Switzerland Italy Germany Austria Slovakia Bosnia and Herzegovina Albania the Republic of Macedonia Bulgaria Romania Ukraine and Russia.The wingspan is 14–16 mm.
 Dichagyris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. The former genera Loxagrotis Pseudorichia Pseudorthosia and Mesembragrotis are now considered subgenera of Dichagyris.
 Catuna sikorana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Tanzania and northern Malawi. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The larvae possibly feed on Melianthaceae species.
 Anopina anotera is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Eleutherodactylus hernandezi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hydroginella unica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Acanthochitona is a genus of chitons in the family Acanthochitonidae of worldwide distribution.
 Pseudaelurus is a prehistoric cat that lived in Europe Asia and North America in the Miocene between approximately 20 and 8 million years ago. It is an ancestor of today's felines and pantherines as well as the extinct machairodont saber-tooths and is a successor to Proailurus. It originated from Eurasia and was the first felid to reach North America when it entered the continent at about 18.5 Ma ending a 'cat-gap' of 7 million years.
 Takanea excisa is a species of moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 35–40 mm.
 Acanthemblemaria crockeri the Browncheek blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the Gulf of California in the eastern central Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) TL. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton.
 Planiemen is a genus of jumping spider erected in 2007 for the species formerly classified as Pachyballus rotundus. It is endemic to Yemen.This dark-colored species is almost round in appearance. Cephalothorax and opisthosoma are each about 2 mm long.
 Gymnochanda is a genus of Asiatic glassfishes native to the Malay Archipelago.
 The Silver-backed Needletail (Hirundapus cochinchinensis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. It is a vagrant to Christmas Island.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Helichochaetus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Calonectris is a genus of seabirds. It comprises three large shearwaters. There are two other shearwater genera. Puffinus which comprises about twenty small to medium-sized shearwaters and Procellaria with another four large species.
 Epicrocis abbreviata is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Bensbach’s Bird of paradise also known as Bensbach’s Riflebird  is a bird in the family Paradisaeidae that is often now dismissed as an intergeneric hybrid between a Magnificent Riflebird and Lesser Bird-of-paradise. However some authors such as Errol Fuller believe that it was a distinct and possibly extinct species.
 Turbonilla carifa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Antillean fruit-eating bat (Brachyphylla cavernarum) is one of two leaf-nosed bat species belonging to the Brachyphylla genus. The species occurs in the Caribbean from Puerto Rico to St. Vincent and Barbados. Fossil specimens have also been recorded from New Providence Bahamas.
 Cosmioconcha dedonderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Pseudosirenites is an Upper Triassic ammonite belonging to the ceratitid family Trachyceratidae like Sirenites but with a narrow outer rim (venter) that has a nodose keel on either side.
 Goaligongidris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Goaligongidris planidorsa.
 Helicarion mastersi is a species of air-breathing land snail also referred to as a semi-slug because of its small shell. It is a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicarionidae.The specific name mastersi is in honor of the Australian malacologist George Masters (1837-1912) who collected the type specimen.
 Parides iphidamas is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is commonly known as the Iphidamas Cattleheart and the Transandean Cattleheart.
 Neobenedenia is a genus of Monopisthocotylean monogenean flatworm parasites. The most common species N. melleni causes problematic disease in public aquariums.
 Muennink's spiny rat (Tokudaia muenninki) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Okinawa Island Japan.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.In March 2008 the first wild specimen in over 30 years was caught in the northern part of Okinawa island.
 Oncopera alboguttata is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae are subterranean and feed on the roots and bases of grasses in native and sown pastures.
 Mirificarma lentiginosella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from most of Europe (except Ireland Sweden Finland most of the Baltic region and part of the Balkan Peninsula) to the Ural Mountains and Turkey.The wingspan is 6.5-8.5 mm for males and 6–8 mm for females. The head is mid to dark brown. The forewings are dark brown with scattered pinkish buff scales.
 Parosmodes onza is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Molla is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Eogonioloboceratidae is one of nine families of the Pericyclaseae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Cisthene fuscilingua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Panama.
 Agonopterix quadripunctata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Fennoscandia Estonia Latvia Russia Germany Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Italy and the Republic of Macedonia.The wingspan is 15–18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Seseli and Cnidium species including Cnidium dubium.
 Styringomyia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Euophrys monadnock is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Canada. It was first described by James Henry Emerton in 1891.
 Thesbia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Yunnanilus discoloris is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.
 Eubaphe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Metisella kumbona is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Evans in 1937. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Bruhathkayosaurus (/bruːˌhæθkeɪ.ɵˈsɔrəs/; meaning huge bodied lizard) might have been the largest dinosaur that ever lived. The accuracy of this claim however has been mired in controversy and debate.
 Eudalia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Eudalia atrata Baehr 2005 Eudalia castelnaui Sloane 1910 Eudalia femorata Baehr 2005 Eudalia latipennis (Macleay 1864) Eudalia liebherri Baehr 2006 Eudalia macleayi Bates 1871 Eudalia minor Baehr 2005 Eudalia obliquiceps Sloane 1917 Eudalia punctipennis Baehr 2005 Eudalia reticulata Baehr 2005 Eudalia waterhousei Castelnau 1867 ↑
 The Cyclopidae are a family of copepods containing more than half of the 1200 species in the order Cyclopoida in over 70 genera.
 Eleutherodactylus devillei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and tundra.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gymnothorax hepaticus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It was first named by Eduard Rüppell in 1830 and is commonly known as the Liver-colored moray eel.
 Iridictyon is a small genus of damselflies in the family Calopterygidae. It contain only two species both known only from Guyana and Venezuela:Iridictyon myersi Needham & Fisher 1940 - Tepui ShinywingIridictyon trebbaui Rácenis 1968 - White-banded Shinywing↑ ↑ ↑
 Drapetodes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Aglossa rhodalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from South Africa Algeria and Namibia.
 Amphimenoides maculatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Amphimenoides.
 The Grey-crowned Yellowthroat (Geothlypis poliocephala) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.It is found in Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama and the United States.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Iduna is a genus of tree warbler in the Acrocephalidae family. It is sometimes lumped together in the genus Hippolais.It contains the following species: Thick-billed Warbler (Iduna aedon) African Yellow Warbler (Iduna natalensis) Mountain Yellow Warbler (Iduna similis) Booted Warbler (Iduna caligata) Sykes's Warbler (Iduna rama) Eastern Olivaceous Warbler (Iduna pallida) Western Olivaceous Warbler (Iduna opaca)
 Pelicans are a genus of large water birds comprising the family Pelecanidae. They are characterised by a long beak and large throat pouch used for catching prey and draining water from the scooped up contents before swallowing. They have predominantly pale plumage the exceptions being the Brown and Peruvian Pelicans. The bills pouches and bare facial skin of all species become brightly coloured before the breeding season.
 Digita is a genus of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 Phalonidia plicana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sonora) and California.Adults have been recorded on wing in April and August.
 Osteoplax is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 The Streaked Tuftedcheek (Pseudocolaptes boissonneautii) is a passerine bird in the ovenbird family which breeds in the tropical New World in the coastal mountains of Venezuela and the Andes from Venezuela to Bolivia. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Buffy Tuftedcheek P. lawrencii of Central America Colombia and Ecuador.It occurs as a resident breeder in wet mountain forests with many epiphytes above 1500 m.
 Ophiomorus is a genus of Old World skinks.
 The long-eared chipmunk (Neotamias quadrimaculatus) also called the Sacramento chipmunk or the four-banded chipmunk is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae. It is endemic to the central and northern Sierra Nevada of California and Nevada in the United States. Long-eared chipmunks have the longest ears out of all species of chipmunks.
 The antenna codlet Bregmaceros atlanticus is a species of codlet found in the subtropical zones of the oceans. This species grows to 6.7 cm (2.6 in) in total length.
 Achatina albopicta common name the African land snail is a species of large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.This species is native to Kenya.
 Microgiton submacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Venezuela.
 Eooxylides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The species in this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.
 Acontia areletta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 12-14 mm for both males and females. Adults are on wing from October to November depending on the location.
 The Sombre Kingfisher (Todiramphus funebris) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is endemic to island of Halmahera in North Maluku Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests subtropical or tropical swamps and plantations . It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia saisanaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Phyllonorycter parvifoliella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France and Portugal.The larvae feed on Adenocarpus complicatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create an upper-surface tentiform mine that causes the leaf to contract strongly upwards. Mined leaves are completely eaten out and become whitish. Pupation takes place within the mine.
 Utetheisa assamica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found in India (Assam).
 The Asian gray shrew (Crocidura attenuata) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Bhutan Cambodia China India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Pakistan the Philippines Thailand and Vietnam.
 Trichoplites albimaculosa is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Eburna is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Olividae.
 Favonigobius lateralis is a species of goby native to coastal waters of eastern Australia Tasmania and New Zealand where it can be found in marine and brackish waters of sandy estuaries. It prefers to live in beds of seagrass. This species can reach a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL.
 Schrankia nouankaoa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the New Hebrides.
 Liotipoma is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Colloniidae.
 Zitha laminalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Zitha. It was described by Guenée in 1854. It is found in South Africa.
 The Madidi titi or the golden palace monkey (Callicebus aureipalatii aureipalatii meaning of the Golden Palace) is a titi a kind of New World monkey discovered in western Bolivia's Madidi National Park in 2004.
 Striped ground squirrels (genus Lariscus) form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Callosciurinae. They are only found in Southeast Asia. Species in this genus include: The Four-striped Ground Squirrel (L. hosei syn. Sciurus hosei) endemic to Borneo its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN Red List due to habitat loss. The Mentawai Three-striped Squirrel (L.
 Bogoslovskya is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod that lived in what would be Europe during the Silurian from 422.9—418.7 mya existing for approximately 4.2 million years.
 Septa closeli is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Mantidactylus grandidieri is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Rusty-breasted Nunlet (Nonnula rubecula) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in two major ranges regions of the central Amazon Basin with parts of the Guianas; the second is in southeastern Brazil with Paraguay and Argentina including in the interior the cerrado.It is found in Argentina Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Paraguay Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Ancilla matthewsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Ryukyu Wood Pigeon (Columba jouyi) otherwise known as the Silver-banded or Silver-crescented Pigeon is an extinct species of bird in the Columba genus in the Columbidae family. This Wood Pigeon was endemic to the Laurel forest habitat.
 The Primrose Moth (Schinia florida) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America from Alberta to Nova Scotia south in east to northern Florida and Texas. The wingspan is about 22 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on genus Oenothera (evening-primrose).
 Polyaulacus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Polyaulacus brunneus Chaudoir 1878 Polyaulacus kilmanus Alluaud 1917 Polyaulacus nigrostriatus Basilewsky 1947 Polyaulacus pallidus Peringuey 1908↑
 Hellinsia tariensis is a species of moth in the genus Hellinsia known from Papua New Guinea. Moths in this species take flight in November and have a wingspan of approximately 15-17 millimetres. The specific name refers to Tari the village from whence it was collected.
 Ophiolechia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Acraea admatha Hewitson’s Glassy Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo northern Angola and the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forest edges secondary forests and agricultural areas with a full canopy.The larvae feed on Rinorea species.
 Eupithecia placidata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings have a greyish ground color with rather obscure maculation apart from two black cross lines. Adults have been recorded on wing from February to October.The larvae feed on Juniperus scopulorum Juniperus communis Thuja plicata Populus balsamifera trichocarpa Pinus strobus Pinus contorta var. latifolia Pseudotsuga menziesii var.
 The spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis) is a species of bark beetle native to British Columbia Newfoundland and Labrador Nova Scotia Ontario Quebec the Yukon and Maine. They are known to destroy forests of spruce trees including Englemann White Sitka and Colorado blue spruce. Adults average 4 to 7 mm in length.
 Megacraspedus arnaldi is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Libya.
 Thitarodes sejilaensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is found in Tibet China.
 The Savannah Sparrow (Passerculus sandwichensis) is a small American sparrow. It is the only widely accepted member of the genus Passerculus.
 Hypolycaena kakumi the Kakum Fairy Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria (the southern part of the country and the Cross River loop) Cameroon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Acidromodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Issikiopteryx zonophaera is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan and China (Zhejiang).
 Arend's golden mole (Carpitalpa arendsi) is a species of mammal in the Chrysochloridae family. It is found in Mozambique and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests temperate grassland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas and introduced vegetation.
 Trifurcula victoris is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from the extremely dry region in the southeast part of the province of Almería in Spain.The wingspan is 6.5-7.2 mm for males and 6.5–7 mm for females. Adult males have a uniformly coloured yellow patch and relatively pale forewings.The larvae feed on Anthyllis cytisoides. The larva makes a hardly visible gallery in the bark of the host plant. The larva are not visible in the mine.
 Cibyra lagopus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Surinam.
 Priscacara is an extinct genus of perch from the Eocene. Fossils of this fish are commonly found in the Green River Formation in Wyoming. Priscacara probably lived in freshwater streams and lakes feeding on small creatures like snails crabs prawns and tadpoles. Generally two to three of the following species are listed: P. liops P. pealei and P. serrata.
 Alpheias baccalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Alpheias. It was described by Ragonot in 1890 and is known from Sonora Mexico.
 Lepidochrysops kitale the Kitale Giant Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-western Kenya. The habitat consists of savanna.
 Phaegorista zebra is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Malawi.
 Epamera is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. Most authorities considerEpamera to be a subgenus of Iolaus.The members (species) of Epamera are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
 The Black-throated Wren-Babbler (Napothera atrigularis) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The striped bandicoot (Microperoryctes longicauda) is a species of marsupial in the Peramelidae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Odostomia limhaughi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The varicose rocksnail also known as the verrucose file snail scientific name Lithasia verrucosa is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 The Godlewski's Bunting (Emberiza godlewskii) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.
 Genusa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acopa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Rufous Piha (Lipaugus unirufus) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Belize Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Phtheochroa pecosana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona California Colorado and New Mexico.
 Hyperolius fasciatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
 Autochloris suffumata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915. It is found in Colombia.
 The Symphysanodontidae the slopefishes are a family of small marine fishes with only the genus Symphysanodon. Most are found in the Indo-Pacific but three species S. berryi S. mona and S. octoactinus are found in the Western Atlantic. They are found on rocky reefs at depths of 50–700 m (160–2300 ft).
 Myoxocephalus is a genus of fish in the sculpin family Cottidae.
 The Huon Melidectes or Huon Honeyeater (Melidectes foersteri) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Epoicocladius is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae. There is one known species.
 Labiatophysa kaznakowi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labiatophysa.
 Chionodes ignorantella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Denmark Germany the Czech Republic Poland Hungary Estonia Latvia Norway Sweden Finland and Russia.The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on mosses. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Physalaemus fernandezae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina Uruguay and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhacophorus schlegelii is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Japan.It occurs in temperate wetlands and forests from hilly areas to lowland areas especially in paddy fields which are its main breeding place. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Zenodoxus is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Chapalania is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Pseudodaphnella leuckarti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Red Lory (Eos bornea or Eos rubra) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is the second most commonly kept lory in captivity after the Rainbow Lorikeet.
 Oenopota tenuicostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Metopoceras omar is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread through the Palearctic eremic zone from north-western Africa to the Near East and Middle East.Adults are on wing from January to April. There is one generation per year.
 Acrolophus galeata is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Blanus tingitanus is a species of reptile in the family Blanidae.
 Balacra monotonia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1925. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
 Phtheochroa johnibrowni is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Jalisco).
 The Ficedula flycatchers are a genus of Old World flycatchers. The genus is the largest in the family containing around thirty species. They have sometimes been included in the genus Muscicapa. The genus is found in Europe Asia and Africa. Several species are highly migratory whereas other species are sedentary.The flycatchers in the genus Ficedula are typically small with slender bodies and rounded heads.
 Scopula vitellina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Eublemmara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Whooper Swan (pronounced hooper) Cygnus cygnus is a large Northern Hemisphere swan. It is the Eurasian counterpart of the North American Trumpeter Swan. An old name for the Whooper Swan is 'Elk'; it is so called in Francis Willughby and John Ray's Ornithology of 1676.
 Cucujinus coquereli is a beetle species in the family Laemophloeidae found on Reunion Island off the coast of Madagascar. The scientific name of the species was first described by Grouvelle in 1899.
 Perittia serica is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Colorado.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. The ground color of the forewings is silky white with scattered yellowish scales especially near the apex. The hindwings are slightly translucent gray.
 Orthochoriolaus chihuahuae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Orthochoriolaus.
 Panagaeus bipustulatus is a species of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East.
 Hilarographa cladara is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Borneo.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are purplish-fuscous the costal third slightly suffused with orange becoming brighter golden-orange towards the apex. The termen is orangewith a golden gloss. The remainder of the wing is marbled and strigulated by slightly suffused pale orange strigulae and spots. The hindwings are bronze-fuscous the apical third tinged deeper purple.
 Ziba duplilirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Penopus is a genus of cusk-eels.
 Conus sauros is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Hypolycaena scintillans the Scintillating Fairy Hairstreak  is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Stempffer in 1957. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary and secondary forests.
 The turret sponge Haliclona (Haliclona) anonyma is a species of demosponge. It is known around the South African coast from the Cape Peninsula to Sodwana Bay.
 Aforia okhotskensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Spilarctia philippinica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov and Kishida in 2010. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon Negros).
 Poliosia punctivena is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 The Greater Sulphur-crested Cockatoo (Cacatua galerita galerita) is the nominate subspecies of the Sulphur-crested Cockatoo. It is native to eastern Australia from Cape York to Tasmania and has been introduced to the Perth area of Western Australia.
 The House Finch (Haemorhous mexicanus) is a bird in the finch family Fringillidae which is found in North America. This species and the other American rosefinches are placed in the genus Haemorhous by the American Ornithologists' Union but have usually been included in Carpodacus.
 Mallos gregalis is a spider species belonging to the Dictynidae biological family. Social living is unusual in spiders because their anatomy predisposes them to be predators and it is difficult for spiders to discriminate speciesmates from other prey items. M. gregalis spiders live in Mexico. Discovered by French naturalists in the previous century M.
 The Arctic lamprey (Lethenteron camtschaticum) is a species of lamprey a jawless fish in the order Petromyzontiformes. It inhabits coastal freshwater habitat types in the Arctic. Some populations are anadromous spending part of their lives in the ocean. It is the most common and widespread lamprey in the Arctic region.
 Oxynoemacheilus paucilepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Otopharynx tetrastigma is a species of cichlid native to Lake Malawi Lake Malombe and the upper reaches of the Shire River. This species can reach a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Pangani barb (Barbus oxyrhynchus) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It might include the rhinofish which is presently known as B. mariae.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Ectoedemia indicaevora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Flacourtia indica.
 Juxtephria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Perotis unicolor common name green jewel beetle is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family.
 Saevesoederberghia is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Damselflies (suborder Zygoptera) are insects in the order Odonata. Damselflies are similar to dragonflies but the adults can be distinguished by the fact that the wings of most damselflies are held along and parallel to the body when at rest. Furthermore the hindwing of the damselfly is essentially similar to the forewing while the hindwing of the dragonfly broadens near the base.
 Chiroteuthis veranyi commonly known as the long-armed squid is a species of chiroteuthid squid. It grows to a mantle length of 12.5 cm and a total length of 130 cm.The type specimen was collected in the Mediterranean Sea by Jean Baptiste Vérany and is deposited at the Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle (Musée Barla) in Nice France.
 Coptotriche clemensella is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Chambers in 1878. It is found in Arkansas Kentucky Ohio and Texas.The larvae feed on Quercus macrocarpa Quercus marilandica and Quercus palustris. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Diadegma areolare is a wasp first described by August Emil Holmgren in 1860. No subspecies are listed.
 Mylothris atewa the Atewa dotted border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is endemic to the Atewa Range near Kibi between Accra and Kumasi in Ghana. The habitat consists of upland evergreen forest.
 The Upland Goose or Magellan Goose (Chloephaga picta) is a sheldgoose of the shelduck-sheldgoose subfamily of the Anatidae the biological family that includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl such as the geese and swans. This bird is indigenous to the southern part of South America.
 Vindication (foaled January 28 2000 in Kentucky - died July 10 2008) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Bred by Payson Stud Inc. he was sired by 1977 U.S. Triple Crown Champion Seattle Slew.
 Haworthia is a genus of small succulent plants endemic to Southern Africa. Like the Aloes they are members of the subfamily Asphodeloideae and they generally resemble miniature aloes except in their flowers which are characteristic in appearance. Horticulturally they are popular garden and container plants.
 Eugnosta marginana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Uganda. The habitat consists of open areas close to mountain rain forests.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. The forewings are cream suffused with ochreous in the basal half. The hindwings are grey becoming slightly lighter towards the wing base.
 Ostracods or ostracodes are a class of the Crustacea (class Ostracoda) sometimes known as seed shrimp. Some 70000 species (only 13000 of which are extant) have been identified grouped into several orders. They are small crustaceans typically around 1 mm (0.039 in) in size but varying from 0.2 to 30 mm (0.0079 to 1.1811 in) in the case of Gigantocypris. Their bodies are flattened from side to side and protected by a bivalve-like chitinous or calcareous valve or shell.
 Hirundapus is a genus of swift in the Apodidae family. It contains the following species: White-throated Needletail (Hirundapus caudacutus) Purple Needletail (Hirundapus celebensis) Silver-backed Needletail (Hirundapus cochinchinensis) Brown-backed Needletail (Hirundapus giganteus)
 The blue-ringed octopuses (genus Hapalochlaena) are three (or perhaps four) octopus species that live in tide pools and coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans from Japan to Australia (mainly around southern New South Wales and South Australia and northern Western Australia). They are recognized as some of the world's most venomous marine animals. Despite their small size and relatively docile nature they can prove a danger to humans.
 Chlaenius is a large and diverse genus of ground beetle. It is native to the Palearctic (including Europe) the Near East North Africa Afrotropical region and the Nearctic.
 Acanthiophilus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Notarcha quaternalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found throughout subtropical Africa including many islands of the Indian Ocean.This moth is yellow/white with some black spots at the foreside of the forewings. Its wingspan is around 18mm. The larvae are dark green with a dark brown/black head.Hostplants of this species are Malvaceae (Sida sp. Sida carpinifolia)
 Auchmis inextricata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India China and Taiwan.
 Conchylia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Violescent Blue (Orachrysops violescens) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from Mpumalanga to the Limpopo Province and in the southern part of the Kruger National Park.The wingspan is 23–36 mm for males and 36–38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to December although the except time depends on the spring rains. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Indigofera species.
 Osmodes laronia the Large White-spots is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and western Kenya. The habitat consists of forests.Adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Marantochloa cuspidata Thalia welwitschii and Thaumatococcus danielli.
 Apamea inordinata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States including New York Massachusetts Pennsylvania Colorado and California. In Canada it is found in Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan and Manitoba.The wingspan is about 34 mm.
 Aspella mauritiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Porosana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mysmena wawuensis is a species of spider found in China. It grows to 0.75 millimetres long.
 Onychogomphus styx is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Kenya Tanzania Uganda Zambia and possibly Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hyaloctoides is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 This species has been referred to in some literature as White-throated Robin however that name is now more usually applied to Irania gutturalisThe White-throated Thrush (Turdus assimilis) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in Belize Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama and the United States.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The flapnose ray or javanese cownose ray (Rhinoptera javanica) is a species of fish in the Rhinopteridae family. It is found in China India Indonesia Iran Japan Madagascar Malaysia Mozambique Pakistan the Philippines Seychelles Somalia South Africa Sri Lanka Taiwan Tanzania Thailand and possibly Australia. Its natural habitats are open seas shallow seas subtidal aquatic beds coral reefs estuarine waters and coastal saline lagoons.
 Funa laterculoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Mexican tetra or blind cave fish (Astyanax mexicanus) is a freshwater fishof the family Characidae of the order Characiformes.The type species of its genus it is native to the Nearctic ecozone originating in the lower Rio Grande and the Neueces and Pecos Rivers in Texas as well as the central and eastern parts of Mexico.Growing to a maximum overall length of 12 cm (4.7 in) the Mexican tetra is of typical characin shape with unremarkable drab coloration.
 Parmacelloidea is a superfamily of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Stylommatophora and the informal group Pulmonata. These are limacoid or keelback slugs.
 Peristernia venusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Geocapromys is a genus of rodent comprising two extant species of hutia. The Bahamian hutia or Ingraham's hutia (G. ingrahami) is native to the Bahamas while the Jamaican hutia (G. brownii) which is also known as the Jamaican coney or Brown's hutia is endemic to Jamaica.The Little Swan Island hutia (G. thoracatus) was a third species which was found only on Little Swan Island off north-eastern Honduras. It became extinct in 1955 wiped out by storms and introduced predators.
 Drosophila sechellia is a species of fruit fly used in lab studies of speciation because can mate with Drosophila simulans.Drosophila sechellia is endemic to (some of) the Seychelles and was one of 12 fruit fly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study.
 Virgatanytarsus is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Fibuloides levatana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Zhejiang Fujian) and Vietnam.
 Hypocrita hystaspes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1871. It is found in Venezuela.
 Abacena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sword-billed Hummingbird (Ensifera ensifera) is a species of hummingbird from South America and the sole member of the genus Ensifera. It is found in the higher elevations (mostly above 2500 meters) in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 Epischnia nervosella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Iran and Turkmenistan.
 Pangora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Nepal India and Sri Lanka.
 Euphaedra vandeweghei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Pasaichthys pleuronectiformis is an extinct prehistoric moonyfish that lived during the Lutetian epoch of Monte Bolca Italy. The average length of its fossils is about 6 centimeters. In life it would probably resemble its living relatives of the genus Monodactylus.
 Nesoclopeus is a genus of birds in the Rallidae family. It contains the following species: Bar-winged Rail Nesoclopeus poecilopterus - extinct (c. 1980) Woodford's Rail Nesoclopeus woodfordi
 Barbaloba jubae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 5.6–6 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brownish-grey scales. The hindwings are pale brown.
 The Violet Turaco also known as the Violaceous Plantain Eater (Musophaga violacea) is a large turaco a group of African near-passerines. It is resident in West Africa and has an extremely large range from Senegal through to the Nigeria with an isolated population in Chad and Central African Republic. It occurs in tropical savannas wetlands woodlands and forests.These are unmistakable birds but shy and often inconspicuous in the treetops.
 Phoxichilidiidae is a family of sea spiders. About 150 species are described almost all in the genus Anoplodactylus Wilson 1878.
 Kalophrynus menglienicus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in China and possibly Burma.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 The Northwestern Fritillary (Speyeria hesperis) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Northwestern United States and Western Canada as far east as Manitoba and the Dakotas.With a wingspan of between 45–58 millimetres (1.8–2.3 in) this fritillary is relatively small. It has bright orange uppersides (yellow in females) and thinner black markings than most fritillaries.
 Stracilla is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Temnothorax pilagens is a species of small ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It occurs in northeastern United States. It raids the acorn castles of other insects (Temnothorax longispinosus and Temnothorax ambiguous) and captures them as slaves and has been nicknamed the pillage ant.
 Hemerophila albertiana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1781. It is found in Venezuela Brazil Peru and Guyana.
 Sydaphera fulva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Rusty-breasted Whistler (Pachycephala fulvotincta) also known as the Fulvous-tinted Whistler is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia where it ranges from Java east to Alor and north to the Selayar Islands.
 Brissopsis zealandiae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissopsis zealandiae was first scientifically described in 1921 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Megastomia aliter is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mbipia lutea is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is known from the western park of Speke Gulf and also from the Sengerema region all in Tanzania. This shallow water species 0 to 2 metres (0.0 to 6.6 ft) is found along gently sloping rocky shores. This species can reach a length of 13.3 centimetres (5.2 in) SL. This species was originally described in the genus Mbipia however not all scientists have accepted such placement.
 Marpesia is a butterfly genus in the family Nymphalidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
 Wheeleria raphiodactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Portugal Spain and France.The wingspan is 22–24 millimetres (0.87–0.94 in).
 Opharus morosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Peru.
 Chrysallida nana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Kenyarctia epicaste is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fawcett in 1915. It is found in Kenya.
 Protographium asius is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Neotropical ecozone S.E. Brazil (Bahia Minas Gerais Espirito Santo Rio de Janeiro São Paulo Paraná Santa Catarina Rio Grande do Sul) Paraguay)
 Phlegethontiidae is a family of aistopod amphibians including the genera Phlegethontia and Sillerpeton.
 Diadegma discoocellellae is a wasp first described by Henry Lorenz Viereck in 1911.
 Phenacolimax major is a European species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae.
 Aloeides namibiensis the Namibia Copper is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Namibia. The habitat consists of arid savanna.Adults have been recorded in December.
 Eupithecia ochrosoma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.The forewings are dull dark olive cinereous with no distinct lines or markings. The hindwings are similar.
 Mitromorpha herilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Reticulidia fungia is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae.
 Glyphipterix amseli is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff 1978. It is found in China (Chekiang).
 Colotis ungemachi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in south-western Saudi Arabia Yemen north-eastern Ethiopia and possibly Sudan.
 Dercylus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dercylus alternans Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus anthracinus (Dejean 1831) Dercylus ater Laporte De Castelnau 1832 Dercylus batesi Chaudoir 1861 Dercylus bolivianus Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus buckleyi Chaudoir In Oberthur 1883 Dercylus catenatus Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus chaudoiri Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus convexus Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus crenatus Schaum 1860 Dercylus gautardi Chaudoir 1869 Dercylus gibbosus Laferte-Senectere 1851 Dercylus heynei Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus infernus Laferte-Senectere 1851 Dercylus italoi Moret 1999 Dercylus licinoides (Perty 1830) Dercylus mexicanus Bates 1891 Dercylus ohausi Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus opacus Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus punctatostriatus Chaudoir 1869 Dercylus puritanus Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus steinbachi Kuntzen 1912 Dercylus tenebricosus Moret & Bousquet 1995 ↑
 The Rutoceratidae are the prototypical nautilids derived probably from either the Brevicoceratidae or Acleistoceratidae of the Oncocerida early in the Devonian. The Rutoceratidae comprise a family within the oncocerid superfamily Tainocerataceae They are generally characterized by cyrtoconic and gyroconic shells commonly with spines nodes or frills although some included genera are almost orthoconic and a commonly empty tubular ventral siphuncle.
 Orthogonius clarkei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Murray in 1858.
 Deroplatys philippinica common name Philippines Dead Leaf Mantis is a species of Dead Leaf Mantis from the Philippines.
 Trachycardium isocardia or the West Indian prickly cockle is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae. It can be found along coast of the West Indies.
 The Talaud Kingfisher (Todiramphus enigma) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family.It is endemic to the Talaud Islands north of Sulawesi in Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lirobarleeia is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Barleeiidae.
 Parapsectris is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Barynotus is a genus in the weevil family (Curculionidae).
 Ocypode cursor the tufted ghost crab is a species of ghost crab found on sandy beaches along the coasts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean and eastern Mediterranean Sea.
 Asteronotus mabilla is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Gastropteridae is a family of sea slugs gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Philinoidea of the clade Cephalaspidea the headshield slugs and bubble snails.
 Pseudotrypauchen multiradiatus is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish water environments along the coast of southern Asia from India to Indonesia. This species grows to a length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Erastroides is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hadena sancta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Spain Corsica Sardinia Malta North Africa Israel Lebanon Syria Jordan Cyprus Turkey Saudi Arabia and Yemen.Adults are on wing from March to May in one generation in Israel.The larvae feed on the seeds of Silene species.
 Phaeochlaena costaricensis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.The length of the forewings is 15-18.4 mm for males and 18-21.5 mm for females. The forewings are dark blackish brown with three orange-yellow maculations. The central areaOf the hindwings is orange-yellow with a blackish-brown marginal band extending from the apex to the tornus.
 Millerelix is a genus of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Turbonilla scapulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Glipostenoda kawasakii is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1967.
 Scopula preumenes is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tibet.
 Hypocrita celina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Aoshakuna is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eupithecia fredericki is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Texas and Wisconsin.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 mm. The forewings are pale ochreous with numerous orange brown scales especially over the inner half. There are violet-brown patches and spots. The hindwings are pale ochreous banded with violet-brown. Adults have been recorded on wing in May and August.
 Atlanta lesueurii is a species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.
 Chloritis biomphala is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.
 Euzophera hemileuca is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Joannis in 1927 and is known from Mozambique.
 Mesotype verberata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found mainly in the mountainous regions of Central Europe from Spain through the Alps and the Balkan Peninsula to Western Asia.The wingspan is 24–32 mm. Adults are on wing mainly in June July and August. Adults feed on the nectar of a number of flowers including those of Solidago virgaurea Aconitum napellus and Campanula rotundifolia.The larvae feed on various plants including Meum athamanticum and Premanthes purpurea.
 Eulophota bipars is a species of snout moths in the genus Eulophota. It was described by Joannis in 1927 and is known from Mozambique.
 Bannerman's Turaco (Tauraco bannermani) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. In French it is known as touraco de Bannerman or touraco doré. Its scientific and common names honor the ornithologist David Armitage Bannerman.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Platarctia murzini is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov in 2005. It is found in China (Shaanxi).
 Stenoalata is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Neptunea alexeyevi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Inquisitor taivaricosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Hadronyche versuta the Blue Mountains funnel-web spider is a venomous mygalomorph spider found in central New South Wales.
 Amaurobius obustus is a spider species found in Europe.
 The Grey-fronted Dove (Leptotila rufaxilla) is a large New World tropical dove. It is a resident breeder in South America from Colombia Venezuela and the Guyanas south to northeast Argentina and Uruguay. Several subspecies exist among them L. r. hellmayrii from Trinidad and the Paria Peninsula in Venezuela.The Grey-headed Dove Leptotila plumbeiceps of Central America and the Grenada Dove L.
 Angonyx meeki is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands. It is similar to Angonyx papuana but distinguishable by the bright yellow coloration of the basal two-thirds of the hindwing upperside.
 Coluzea madagascariensis is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 The Uloboroidea are a superfamily of cribellate araneomorph spiders. They contain two families of eight-eyed spiders: Deinopidae Uloboridae↑
 Littoridinops palustris is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Hypsotropa ochricostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from Mashonaland in Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 Libyana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Common Palmfly Elymnias hypermnestra is a species of satyrid butterfly found in south Asia.
 Melanotus punctolineatus is a species of beetle from a family of elateridae in a genus of Melanotus.
 Eilema leopoldi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Cecidoses is a genus of moth in the family Cecidosidae.
 Straparollinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod molluscs.Straparollinidae is the only family in the superfamily Straparollinoidea.This family has no subfamilies.
 Hadronyche cerberea the southern tree funnel-web spider is a venomous mygalomorph spider found in central New South Wales Australia.
 Favartia sykesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Autochloris simplex is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Brazil.
 Mesalia flammifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 The Bar-winged Wren-Babbler (Spelaeornis troglodytoides) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family.There are variations among the populations and three subspecies are named. sherriffi Kinnear 1934 from eastern Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh indiraji Ripley et al. 1991 from Arunachal Pradesh (Namdapha National Park) which is named after Indira Gandhi. souliei Oustalet 1898 - northern Arunachal Pradesh (NE India) Myanmar and S ChinaIt is found in Bhutan China India and Myanmar.
 Acanthaster planci commonly known as the crown of thorns starfish is a large multiple-armed starfish (or seastar) that usually preys upon hard or stony coral polyps (Scleractinia). The crown-of-thorns receives its name from venomous thorn-like spines that cover its upper surface or the crown of thorns. It is one of the largest sea stars in the world the largest being probably the sunflower seastar (Pycnopodia helianthoides).A. planci has a very wide Indo-Pacific distribution.
 Pseudohemihyalea labecula the Freckled Glassy-wing is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1881. It is found in southern Nevada Utah from Colorado to Arizona New Mexico and western Texas.The length of the forewings is 21-29 mm. Adults are on wing from July to early September.The larvae probably feed on Quercus species.
 Cisthene xanthospila is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in Brazil.
 Amselina cedestiella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Ukraine and Russia. It is also found in Asia Minor.
 The Cynthia group of colourful butterflies commonly called painted ladies comprises a subgenus of the genus Vanessa in the Family Nymphalidae. They are well known throughout most of the world.The group includes: The Painted Lady (Vanessa cardui) which is almost global in its distribution Australian Painted Lady (Vanessa kershawi) American (Painted) Lady (Vanessa virginiensis) West Coast Lady (Vanessa annabella).
 Galopin (1872–1899) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from June 1874 until October 1875 he ran nine times and won eight races. He was one of the best British two-year-olds winning his first three races before sustaining the only defeat of his career in the Middle Park Plate. In 1875 he won all five of his races including the Epsom Derby.
 Cyclomia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Stiliger is a genus of small and minute sacoglossan or sap-sucking sea slugs. They are marine gastropod mollusks in the family Limapontiidae.They somewhat resemble nudibranchs but are not closely related to them. They are a rich green in color caused by the green algae they eat.
 Sphaerium corneum also known as the European fingernailclam is a very small freshwater clam an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Sphaeriidae the fingernail clams.
 Duplex edwardsi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from the northern parts of the Northern Territory.The wingspan is 7.5-9 mm. The crosslines are all present and black. The basal line is marked at the upper half. The antemedial line is prominent and sharply angled subcostally. The subterminal line is prominent and curved inwardly below the reniform stigma. The subterminal line is weakly marked and waved and the terminal line is marked by dense black interneural spots.
 Ctenosaura oedirhina commonly known as the Roatán spiny-tailed iguana or de Queiroz's Spiny-tailed Iguana is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is endemic to Honduras and the island of Roatán to which one of its common names refers.
 Agelena dubiosa is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Strand 1908. It is primarily found in Ethiopia.
 Teretistris is a genus of bird in the Parulidae family. It contains the following species: Yellow-headed Warbler (Teretistris fernandinae) Oriente Warbler (Teretistris fornsi)↑
 Atelopus quimbaya is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Caryocolum marmorea is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from Scandinavia to the Mediterranean islands and from Ireland to Poland Hungary and Greece. It is also found on the Canary Islands and Madeira. It is also found in North America.The wingspan is about 11 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Cerastium fontanum Cerastium semidecandrum Silene nocteolens and Silene otites. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Sightseek (foaled 1999 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and current broodmare. She was bred and raced by Khalid Abdullah's Juddmonte Farms and was trained by Bobby Frankel. Sightseek is a full-sister to Quest to Peak who produced the 1000 Guineas winner Special Duty.A winner of graded stakes races at age two in her ensuing three and four-year-old seasons Sightseek won seven Grade I races.
 Ethmia confusellastra is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found on the Yucatan Peninsula and Cuba.The length of the forewings is 7-7.7 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white generally somewhat infused with pale grayish. The markings are brownish gray. The ground color of the hindwings is white and semitranslucent becoming brownish at the distal margins.
 The American Wigeon also American Widgeon or Baldpate (Anas americana) is a species of dabbling duck found in North America. This species is classified with the other wigeons in the dabbling duck genus Anas which may be split in which case wigeons could go into their old genus Mareca again. It is the New World counterpart of the Eurasian Wigeon.
 Rhizotrogus iglesiasi is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 The Bagrecito Andes frog (Psychrophrynella bagrecito) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hadropithecus is a medium-sized extinct genus of lemur or strepsirrhine primate from Madagascar that includes a single species Hadropithecus stenognathus. Due to its rarity and lack of sufficient skeletal remains it is one of the least understood of the extinct lemurs. Both it and Archaeolemur are collectively known as monkey lemurs or baboon lemurs due to body plans and dentition that suggest a terrestrial lifestyle and a diet similar to that of modern baboons.
 Streptocionella pluralis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Sinotibetana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acrolophus furcatus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1887. It is found in North America including Arizona California andTexas.
 Stenalia balcanica is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1949.
 Somatolophia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Tischeria ekebladioides is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is known from Spain Portugal and Tunisia.The larvae feed on Quercus mirbeckii Quercus canariensis and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Yogetor is a spider genus of the Salticidae or jumping spider family. The described species have been found in Tanzania and Ethiopia.
 Hoplocorypha nigra is a species of praying mantis found in the region of the Congo River.
 The Large Silver-spotted Copper (Trimenia argyroplaga) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 25–34 mm for males and 29–41 mm females. Adults are on wing from November to December. There is one generation per year.
 Synchlora gerularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from Texas in the southern United States through Central America to Argentina in South America. It is also found on the Antilles.The wingspan is about 16–20 mm.The larvae feed on various Compositae species including Baccharis genistelloides and Baccharis salicina.
 Gnaphosa fallax is a ground spider species found in Hungary.
 Proteuxoa atra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Tasmania and Victoria.Adults have dark brown patterned forewings.
 Graphium glycerion the Spectacle Swordtail is a species of butterfly found in the Indomalayan ecozone (North India - China Thailand Laos North Vietnam).
 Amblyeleotris periophthalma is a marine benthic species of goby native to reef environments of the Indo-West Pacific Red Sea included.
 Micragrella ochrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil.
 Mastigoteuthis pyrodes is a species of whip-lash squid.
 Graphium endochus is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in northern and eastern Madagascar and Mozambique. The habitat consists of forests.
 Pusiola squamosa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1911. It is found in Cameroon.
 Australartona mirabilis is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in southern temperate mountain rainforests in New South Wales and southern Queensland. The length of the forewings is 8-8.5 mm. It is a weak flyer. Adults are on wing during the day. The larvae probably feed on Tetrarrhena juncea. Adults feed on flower nectar of Helichrysum species.
 Paraplatyptilia petrodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America (including Iowa).The wingspan is about 23 millimetres (0.91 in). The head thorax and abdomen are shaded cinereous. The legs are cinereous and slightly thickened at the joints. The forewings are white shaded with cinereous or ashy brown and the costa is brownish beyond the middle.
 Mordellochroidea castanea is a beetle in the Mordellochroidea genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1969 by Ermisch.
 Esperia oliviella is a species of gelechioid moth from Europe and the Near East. In its superfamily it is placed in the genus Esperia within the subfamily Oecophorinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Some authors in particular those that follow a splitting approach to gelechioidea systematics and taxonomy recognize Dasycera as an independent genus.
 Racinoa spiralis is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2008. It is found in Kenya and Rwanda.
 Raiamas kheeli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas.
 Amorbimorpha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Agrotis taiwana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Callicercops iridocrossa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Yunnan Sichuan Hong Kong) and Japan (the Ryukyu Islands). The wingspan is 9.2–11.8 millimetres (0.36–0.46 in). The larvae feed on Bauhinia japonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Parides burchellanus is a species of swallowtail butterfly (family Papilionidae). It is endemic to Brazil.
 Sardinella razorbelly minnow (Salmophasia sardinella) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia. It occurs in the lower reaches of rivers in India Bangladesh and Myanmar.
 Selatosomus aeneus is a species of click beetle found in Europe. It was originally described as Corymbites aeneus by Linnaeus.
 Oxynoe viridis is a species of small sea snail or sea slug a bubble snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae.
 The Streambank Froglet or Flinders Ranges Froglet (Crinia riparia) is a small locally common Australian ground-dwelling frog of the family Myobatrachidae.
 The Yellow-bellied Bush Warbler (Horornis acanthizoides) also known as the Yellowish-bellied Bush Warbler is a species of bush warbler (family Cettiidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found on mainland China and Taiwan. Hume's Bush Warbler was formerly considered conspecific.
 The Coconut leafroller (Omiodes blackburni) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai and Hawaii. Recorded food plants include Cocos nucifera but it occasionally also feeds on Pritchardia (including Pritchardia pacifica) banana and introduced palms.Young larvae feed gregariously on the under side of the leaf of their host plant protected by a thin web of silk. At first they eat the substance of the leaf and leave the opposite epidermis.
 Cupedora sutilosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.This species is endemic to Australia.
 Eulepidotis chloris is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana.
 The Sugarcane Midget (Elaphria nucicolora) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the south-eastern United States (Florida to North Carolina west to Texas) through Guadeloupe Jamaica and Puerto Rico to tropical South America (Peru and French Guyana). It is also present on Oahu Maui and Hawaii.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Plagiotelum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Plagiotelum irinum Solier Plagiotelum opalescens Olliff 1885↑
 Ethmia gigantea is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 14.6–17.5 millimetres (0.57–0.69 in). The ground color of the forewings is darkbrownish black nearly unicolorous on the costal half. The ground color of the hindwings is whitish semitraslucent basally becoming pale brownish on the apical half. Adults have been recorded in April June and August.
 The Formicinae are a subfamily within the Formicidae containing ants of moderate evolutionary development.Formicines retain some primitive features such as the presence of cocoons around pupae the presence of ocelli in workers and little tendency toward reduction of palp or antennal segmentation in most species except subterranean groups. Extreme modification of mandibles is rare except in the genera Myrmoteras and Polyergus.
 Agdistis obstinata is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa Kenya Tanzania Uganda Saudi Arabia Yemen and Ethiopia.
 Pseudoswammerdamia is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Segmentina is a genus of very small air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails.Albrecht et al. (2007) have confirmed the placement of this genus in the tribe Segmentinini within subfamily Planorbinae.
 Ciliopagurus shebae is a species of hermit crab native to Madagascar the Red Sea Réunion the Seychelles and the West Indian Ocean.
 Cylinder is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Myrophis is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae.
 The Ash's Lark (Mirafra ashi) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is endemic to Somalia.The bird’s common name and Latin binomial commemorate the British ornithologist John Sidney Ash.
 Natica michaelis is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Polyptychus orthographus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from lowland forests from Sierra Leone to the Congo Angola and Uganda.The length of the forewings is 33–36 mm. It is very similar to Polyptychus trisectus but smaller much paler (more ochreous) and the apex of the forewing is acute but not produced.
 Palfuria hirsuta is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.
 The Orange-billed Sparrow (Arremon aurantiirostris) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.In Central America it is found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama. In northeastern South America the Orange-billed Sparrow is found in Colombia Ecuador and northern Peru. The species are black coloured and as a name suggests have an orange bill. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Lacanobia altyntaghi is a moth of the Noctuoidea family. It is found in Altyn-Tagh China.
 Microvoluta echinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Great Frigatebird (Fregata minor) is a large deceptive seabird in the frigatebird family. Major nesting populations are found in the Pacific (including Galapagos Islands) and Indian Oceans as well as a population in the South Atlantic.The Great Frigatebird is a lightly built large seabird up to 105 cm long with predominantly black plumage.
 Euxesta armaticornis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Japanese roughshark Oxynotus japonicus is a rare species of shark in the family Oxynotidae known only from a handful of specimens recovered from Suruga Bay and the Enshunada Sea off Japan. It is a benthic species that occurs at a depth of 150–350 m (490-1148 ft).
 Pinheirodontidae is a poorly known family of fossil mammals within the order Multituberculata. Remains are known from the earliest Cretaceous of Europe (predominantly Portugal and Spain) but are so far restricted to teeth. These small plant-eaters lived during the age of the dinosaurs. They're part of the informal suborder Plagiaulacida.The family Pinheirodontidae was named by Hahn G. and Hahn R. in 1999.
 Sternula is a genus of small white terns. It is often subsumed into the larger genus Sterna although the most recent changes to the AOU checklist considers it a separate genus.Listed alphabetically.
 Oxycanus discipennis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Pyrearinus is a genus of click beetle (family Elateridae).
 The Maritime Copper (Lycaena dospassosi) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the eastern North America.The wingspan is 25–31 mm. Adults are on wing from July to mid-August.The larvae feed on Potentilla egedii.
 Gemmula thielei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pterosturisoma microps is the only species of the monotypic genus Pterosturisoma a genus of the family Loricariidae of catfish (order Siluriformes).This species is endemic to Peru where it is found in the upper Amazon basin. P. microps is a rheophile which means it likes fast-moving water.P. microps reaches a length of 16.1 centimetres (6.3 in) SL. Pterosturisoma appears morphologically very similar to Lamontichthys; however Pterosturisoma has 6 pectoral fin rays while Lamontichthys has 7.
 Onoba tarifensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Cretasalia is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Hyposmocoma trivitella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The type locality is Haleakala.Adults have strong white brown and magenta longitudinal bands on the forewing.The larvae feed on Elaphoglossum reticulatum and Elapkoglossum gorgoneum. The larvae mine the leaves of their host plant resulting in a blotch mine.
 Zeuxinia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Viroqua is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species V. ultima is only found in Australia. It is likely that the Peckham's derived the name from Viroqua Wisconsin as they named genera after unrelated locations on several other occasions.
 Macrosoma cascaria is moth-like butterfly described by William Schaus in 1901. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 Scyrotis matoposensis is a species of moth of the Cecidosidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Bradytriton silus or Finca Chiblac Salamander is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Bradytriton.It is endemic to Guatemala.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gorgonidia buckleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Plusiodonta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mitra nodulosa common name : the nodulose mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Centroctena rutherfordi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from forests from Sierra Leone to Uganda and western Kenya. It is also found in the Usambara area of north-eastern Tanzania.The length of the forewings is 30–34 mm. The body is dark olive brown with longitudinal black lines. There is a large lateral black spot at the base of the abdomen. The forewings are evenly crenulated at the margin dark olive brown and speckled and mottled with ochreous and black.
 Pseudothelphusidae is a family of freshwater crabs found chiefly in mountain streams in the Neotropics. They are believed to have originated in the Greater Antilles and then crossed to Central America via a Pliocene land bridge.
 Calliostoma adelae common name Adele's top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Shelley's Francolin (Scleroptila shelleyi) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. The species is named after Sir Edward Shelley cousin of George Ernest Shelley.
 Chauvetia giunchiorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hipposcarus is a genus of parrotfish.
 Macna leitimorensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Macna. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1884. It is found on Ambon Island.
 The Veined Jay (Graphium chiron) a species of butterfly is found in Assam and other parts of North-East India and Southeast Asia.
 Uca chlorophthalmus is a common fiddler crab found in the mangroves of East Africa from Somalia to South Africa as well as Madagascar and Mauritius. Marsh fiddlers dig burrows in the muddy or sandy banks of salt marshes which they use to protect themselves from predators high tide and extreme temperatures. They feed by filtering detritus out of mud and defend their burrows against other fiddler crabs. U.
 Rhagoletis batava (seabuckthorn fruit fly) is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae. Rhagoletis batava larvae feed inside fruit flesh and can be important pest of seabuckthorn. This species is very similar to Rhagoletis cerasi (European cherry fruit fly)
 Helicopsis is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Paradora is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Paradora corinthia (Fairmaire 1901) Paradora impetiginosa (Gory 1841) Paradora pumicata (Klug 1833) Paradora saxosicollis (Fairmaire 1897) Paradora zonata (Kerremans 1899)↑
 Archaboilus musicus is an extinct bush-cricket that lived during the Jurassic period 165 million years ago.Although behaviors are difficult to reconstruct for extinct species in 2012 British scientists recreated the cricket's call based on a well preserved fossil from China.Based on studies it is believed that male A. musicus produced pure-tone (musical) songs using a resonant mechanism tuned at a frequency of 6.4 kHz.
 Lit de Justice (foaled January 12 1990 in Kentucky) is an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by Robert Sangster's Swettenham Stud and purchased by the French racing operation Mise de Moratalla who named him for a famous Parlement of Paris known as the Lit de justice. The colt was sired by El Gran Senor who was an outstanding son of Northern Dancer and earned Irish and English Champion honours at age two in 1983 and at three in 1984.
 The white-footed fox (Vulpes vulpes pusilla) also known as the desert fox is a small Asiatic subspecies of red fox which occurs throughout most of northwestern Indian subcontinent Pakistan's desert districts from Rawalpindi to Rajputana and Kutch in India Baluchistan southern Iran and Iraq.
 Epidesma oceola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1910. It is found in Mexico and Venezuela.
 Myrmeciphis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Hydraecia medialis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in western North America. East of the Cascades it occurs as far north as the Cariboo region in south-central British Columbia. The range extends across the Rocky Mountains in Montana and then spreads north and south on the Great Plains to reach Alberta the western Dakotas and northern New Mexico.
 Hydrophis bituberculatus commonly known as Peters' Sea Snake is a species of venomous elapid.It is found in the Indian Ocean (Sri Lanka Thailand).
 The Korean fox (Vulpes vulpes peculiosa) also known as the Korean red fox is a subspecies of red fox that lives in Korea.
 Pollia pellita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Truncatella caribaeensis is a species of very small somewhat amphibious land snail with a gill and an operculum a semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae the truncatella snails or looping snails. These tiny snails live in damp habitat (under rotting vegetation) that is very close to the edge of the sea; they can tolerate being washed with saltwater during especially high tides.
 Cryptadia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Turner in 1913 and is known from Australia. It contains the species C. xuthobela.
 Ciona savignyi sometimes known as the Pacific transparent sea squirt or solitary sea squirt is a species of tunicate in the family Cionidae. It is found in shallow waters around Japan and has spread to the west coast of North America where it is regarded as an invasive species.
 Williamsoceras is an endocerid that Rousseau Flower (1968) added to his Allotrioceratidae (Flower 1955) on the basis of having a vertical partition within the siphuncle known as a ventral process with inter-connecting tubule-like structures along its margin where intercepted by endocones. Three species are named and described (Flower 1968) from the Garden City limestone of Whiterockian age near Logan and northern Utah including the genotype Williamsoceras adnatum.
 Palaeosynthemis is a genus of dragonflies.The genus includes the following species:Palaeosynthemis alecto (Lieftinck 1953)Palaeosynthemis cervula (Lieftinck 1938)Palaeosynthemis cyrene (Lieftinck 1953)Palaeosynthemis evelynae (Lieftinck 1953)Palaeosynthemis gracilenta (Lieftinck 1935)Palaeosynthemis kimminsi (Lieftinck 1953)Palaeosynthemis primigenia (Förster 1903)Palaeosynthemis wollastoni (Campion 1915)↑
 Assycuera is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Assycuera macrotela (Bates 1880) Assycuera marcelae Martins & Galileo 2010 Assycuera rubella (Bates 1892) Assycuera scabricollis (Chemsak 1963) Assycuera waterhousei (White 1855)↑
 Miratesta celebensis is a species of freshwater air-breathing snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails or planorbids. Like all other planorbids it has a sinistral or left-coiling shell. This species is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 The Laotian rock rat or kha-nyou (Laonastes aenigmamus) sometimes called the rat-squirrel is a rodent species of the Khammouan region of Laos. The species was first described in a 2005 article by Paulina Jenkins and coauthors who considered the animal to be so distinct from all living rodents they placed it in a new family Laonastidae. It is in the monotypic genus Laonastes.In 2006 the classification of the Laotian rock rat was disputed by Mary Dawson and coauthors.
 The Louisiade Flowerpecker (Dicaeum nitidum) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Fork-tailed Drongo-Cuckoo (Surniculus dicruroides) is a species of cuckoo that resembles a Black Drongo. It is found resident mainly in peninsular India in hill forests although some specimens are known from the Himalayan foothills. It can be easily distinguished by its straight beak and the white barred vent. It has a deeply forked tail often having a white spot on the back of the head.
 The Tetraodontiformes are an order of highly derived ray-finned fish also called the Plectognathi. Sometimes these are classified as a suborder of the Perciformes. The Tetraodontiformes are represented by 10 families and about 360 species overall; most are marine and dwell in and around tropical coral reefs but a few species are found in freshwater streams and estuaries. They have no close relatives and descend from a line of coral-dwelling species that emerged around 40 million years ago.
 Talara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Dioryctria peyerimhoffi is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Joannis in 1921 and is known from Algeria and Morocco.The larvae feed on Cedrus atlantica. They mine the young cones of their host plant.
 Celaenorrhinus rubeho is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests at altitudes between 1900 and 2000 meters.The length of the forewings is 20.2 mm for males. The female of this species is unknown.
 Acrocercops taeniarcha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Pomacea paludosa common name the Florida applesnail is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 The Greater Swamp Warbler (Acrocephalus rufescens) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Kenya Mali Mauritania Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Valdoraptor (meaning Wealden plunderer) is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous. Its fossils were found in England. It is known only from bones of the feet.In 1858 Richard Owen referred a fossil consisting of a set of three metatarsals foot bones part of the collection of the British Museum of Natural History to the herbivorous dinosaur genus Hylaeosaurus because of its size and bone texture.
 Hemiplecta humpreysiana is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ariophantidae.
 Acrocercops nitidula is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from West Bengal India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919.
 Kolana is a genus of Neotropical butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Spiller's (Sulphur) Yellow or Spiller's Canary White (Dixeia spilleri) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family and is native to southern and eastern Africa.Wingspan is 33–40 mm in males and 35–42 mm in females. Flight period is year-round.Larvae feed on Capparis species.
 Condica subornata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Jamaica Central and South America. It has also been reported from Texas but this is a misidentification.
 Leptobarbus melanopterus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus.
 Eustalodes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Amsactoides is an Oriental genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains two species: Amsactoides guangxica Dubatolov et Kishida 2009 Amsactoides solitaria (Wileman 1910)Probably additional species occur in Indochina.
 Tarachodes gerstaeckeri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Philentoma is an enigmatic genus of birds. They were included in the Muscicapidae (flycatchers) when these were used as a wastebin taxon mainly for lack of a better idea but have recently been recognized as part of a shrike-like group. They may be rather close to the diverse vangas but for the time being are placed in the Prionopidae with the helmetshrikes and woodshrikes.
 Carposina autologa the Hakea seed-moth is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia. It has been released in South Africa for the biological control Hakea sericea.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are white with a black stripe along the costa. The hindwings are white. The larvae feed on the seeds of Hakea sericea and Hakea nodosa.
 The Piger Grass Tubeworm Moth (Acrolophus piger) is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1900. It is found in North America including Alabama Florida Mississippi North Carolina South Carolina and Texas.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 Hypolycaena merguia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Doherty in 1889. It is found in South-east Asia.
 Acrobasis hollandella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in Japan.
 Hypercompe persephone is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Caecilius fuscopterus is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. It also common in countries like Austria Belgium Croatia Denmark Finland France Germany Hungary Italy Latvia Luxembourg. The species are blackish-orange coloured and are similar to Elipsocus abdominalis
 Graphium polistratus the Dancing Swordtail is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Nigeria the Democratic Republic of Congo the coast of Kenya Tanzania northern Malawi and Mozambique. The habitat consists of warm and coastal forests.Adult males mud-puddle. Both sexes feed from flowers. Adults are probably on wing year round.The larvae feed on Annona senegalensis and Uvaria species.
 Lasiothyris guanana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on the British Virgin Islands.The wingspan is about 7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white the basal part of the costa suffused with brownish and the terminal area of the wing with pale ochreous yellow. The markings are brownish yellow. The hindwings are brownish white.
 Calliostoma xylocinnamomum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Ampullotrochus) .
 Endotricha medogana is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Wang and Li in 2005 and is known from China (Tibet).The wingspan is 18-21 mm. The forewings are black suffused with ferrugineous scales. The basal area is black decorated with silver gray scales. The hindwings are black with mauve scales and the costal margin is silver-gray.
 Platymya is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Clitaetra is the least known of the four currently recognised nephilid spider genera. It occurs in Africa Madagascar and Sri Lanka hinting to a Gondwanan origin. The split between Clitaetra and other nephilids may be as old as 160 million years.The smallest species (C. thisbe) reaches 3.5 mm in female length the biggest species can be as long as one centimeter.
 Mordella hieroglyphica is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1863.
 Stigmella flavescens is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Salix species.
 Ceropales maculata is a kleptoparasitic spider wasp.
 Ceratrichia wollastoni is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Eudalaca holophaea is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Arthroleptis nimbaensis is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Melicertus is a genus of king prawns comprising eight species:Melicertus canaliculatus (Olivier 1811)Melicertus hathor (Burkenroad 1959)Melicertus kerathurus (Forskål 1775)Melicertus latisulcatus (Kishinouye 1896)Melicertus longistylus (Kubo 1943)Melicertus marginatus (Randall 1840)Melicertus plebejus (Hess 1865)Melicertus similis Chanda & Bhattacharya 2002↑
 The White-crowned Cliff Chat (Thamnolaea coronata) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in west central Africa in Mali Mauritania Senegal Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso to western Sudan.It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Mocking Cliff Chat.
 Psigida is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Plethodontohyla tuberata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland arable land plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Belladonna Cracker (Hamadryas belladonna) is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Brazil.
 Conus nimbosus common name the stormy cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Lac Alaotra bamboo lemur (Hapalemur alaotrensis) also known as the Lac Alaotra gentle lemur Alaotran bamboo lemur Alaotran gentle lemur or locally as the bandro is a bamboo lemur. It is endemic to the reed beds in and around Lac Alaotra in northeast Madagascar. This lemur is the only primate specifically adapted to living in papyrus reeds.
 Mitra lacunosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Scopula arenosaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in south-eastern Russia.The wingspan is 21-22 mm.
 Crematogaster aegyptiaca is an uncommon species of ant found mostly in Egypt.
 Schraderia mardeni is a species of amphipod in the family Pontogeneiidae. It was originally described as Dolobrotus mardeni and was the only species in the genus Dolobrotus but that genus is now considered a synonym of Schraderia. Discovered by Luis Marden after whom it is named Schraderia mardeni is a deep-water Atlantic lobster-bait scavenger or parasite.
 Eucereon varia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Para) Panama and possibly Colombia.
 Lankascincus is a genus of skinks.
 Amauta is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Houlbert in 1918.
 Amblops piceus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Amblops.
 Schistura sijuensis is a troglobitic species of stone loach endemic to India.
 Zodarion scutatum is a spider species found in Slovenia and Croatia.
 Naarda abnormalis is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 Aethes floccosana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Illinois Kentucky Missouri New Jersey North Carolina Ohio and Tennessee.The wingspan is 16-17 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July.
 Hemphillia danielsi is a species of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Arionidae the roundback slugs.
 Gobiderma is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous lizard whose fossils are known from the Gobi Desert in southern Mongolia. It was first discovered as a result of a joint Polish-Mongolian Paleontological Expedition and formally named in 1984. In life it probably resembled lizards of the genus Heloderma to a large degree though its skull was more elongated than lizards of that genus.[citation needed]
 Epicrocis gratella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Walker in 1863 and is known from Sri Lanka.
 Neptis frobenia is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Mauritius.The larvae feed on Acalypha species and Erythrospermum mauritiana.
 Petroscirtes lupus the Wolf fangbelly is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 The army cutworm (Euxoa auxiliaris) is a species of moth.
 Albertaceratops (meaning Alberta horned face) was a genus of centrosaurine horned dinosaur from the middle Campanian-age Upper Cretaceous Oldman Formation of Alberta Canada. Albertaceratops is known from a single complete skull (TMP.2001.26.1) found in August 2001 and skull and postcranial fragments. This genus is unusual in combining long brow horns with an otherwise centrosaurine skull as centrosaurines normally possess short brow horns.
 Aulonocara aquilonium is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Glaucostola metaxantha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Wheel spider Golden Wheel spider or Dancing White lady spider (Carparachne aureoflava) is a huntsman spider native to the Namib Desert of Southern Africa. The spider escapes parasitic pompilid wasps by flipping onto its side and cartwheeling down sand dunes at speeds of up to 44 turns per second.Wheel spiders are up to 20 mm in size with males and females the same size. The wheel spider is nocturnal and a free-ranging hunter.
 Alissoderus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Alissoderus albiventris (Gory & Laporte 1839) Alissoderus cuprascens (Gory & Laporte 1839) Alissoderus leucogaster (Wiedemann 1821) Alissoderus magnus Kerremans 1911 Alissoderus rex Obenberger 1931 Alissoderus spectrum (Fahreus 1851) Alissoderus strandi Obenberger 1931 Alissoderus superciliosus (Wiedemann 1821) Alissoderus tessellatus Bellamy 2000 Alissoderus transvalensis Obenberger 1931 Alissoderus vittatus Lansberge 1886↑
 Howardiina is a subtribe of armored scale insects.
 The mud adder (Denisonia devisi) also known as De Vis's banded snake is an elapid snake found in certain regions of eastern Australia including South West Queensland northern New South Wales and north-west Victoria. Its scientific and common names refer to Charles Walter De Vis (1829-1915) first director of the Queensland Museum and writer of around 50 papers on herpetology.
 Eudendrium calceolatum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Julia is a minute sea snails genus marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the superfamily Oxynooidea.Julia is the type genus of the family Juliidae.
 The bluegrey carpetshark or Colclough's shark (Heteroscyllium colcloughi) is an uncommon species of carpet shark endemic to shallow inshore waters off northeastern Australia. It is one of the two extant members of the family Brachaeluridae and the only member of its genus. The bluegrey carpetshark has a stocky body with a wide slightly flattened head dorsally placed eyes and a pair of long barbels with posterior skin flaps.
 Emurena luridoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Trypodendron a genus of bark beetles of the Curculionidae family.
 The Giant Sulphur or Giant Northern Sulfur (Colias gigantea) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae found in North America. Its range includes Alaska across Canada to the east coast and Wyoming Montana and Oregon.Flight period is from June until early August.Wingspan is from 37 to 55 mm.Larvae feed on Salix spp.
 The Golden Vireo (Vireo hypochryseus) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Clavelina picta common name the painted tunicate is a species of tunicate (sea squirt) in the genus Clavelina (the little bottles). These animals like all ascidians are sessile filter feeders.
 Acrocercops hapalarga is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916.
 The fringe-lipped bat (Trachops cirrhosus) is a leaf-nosed bat from southern Mexico to Bolivia and southern Brazil. It has three subspecies and no known fossils. The species is monotypic within its genus.
 Calliostoma normani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Callionymus whiteheadi is a species of dragonet found in the Pacific waters around Indonesia.
 First Landing (1956–1987) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Xyletobius collingei is a species of beetles in the genus Xyletobius of the family Anobiidae.
 The long-legged bat (Macrophyllum macrophyllum) is a bat species from South and Central America. It is monotypic in its genus.It hunts close over the water surfaces of lakes and slowly flowing streams where it seizes insects right above or directly off the surface in a manner similar to Noctilio leporinus and Myotis daubentoni. This is an interesting example of convergent evolution which may imply just how valuable a habitat the water surface is to insectivorous bats.
 Pterynotus laurae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eulima elongata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Copelatus tibialis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family.
 Cheilodipterus macrodon the large-toothed cardinalfish  is a species of marine fish in the family Apogonidae. It is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific region Red Sea included.The large-toothed cardinalfish can reach a maximum size of 25 cm in length.
 Altella orientalis is a spider species found in Hungary.
 Acrocercops arbutella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Arizona U.S.A.The hostplant for the species is Arbutus arizonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large upperside blotch mine. The loosened epidermis of the mine is very thin and whitish at first. Later it turns brownish. The parenchyma is either almost entirely consumed over about half the mine or irregularly eaten over the whole mine.
 Favartia hilli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Astyris lunata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Mesoclemmys heliostemma is a species of turtle.
 Mordella argenteoguttata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1922.
 Hyopsodus is a genus of extinct condylarth mammal of the hyopsodontidae family. Fossils of this genus have been found in North America especially the bighorn basin region of the United States. They are often nicknamed tube sheep due to their strange weasel-like body. It is believed to have been swift and nimble living in burrows and perhaps able to use echolocation.
 Buettikofer's Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomops buettikoferi) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Senegal and Sierra Leone. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hylesia annulata is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in French Guiana Costa Rica and Ecuador.
 The Indian pike conger (Congresox talabonoides also known as the common eel the conger-pike eel the daggertooth pike-conger and the Indian putyekanipa) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae (pike congers). It was described by Pieter Bleeker in 1853. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from the Indo-Western Pacific including Somalia India Sri Lanka Indonesia the Philippines Hong Kong and Taiwan.
 Hadrosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian. It was originally erected for the late Frasnian Hadrosteus from the Kellwasserkalk facies. Later the family was subjectively subsumed into Dinichthyidae due to Hadrosteus' anatomical similarities with Dunkleosteus and Dinichthys.
 Haemateulia barrigana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Curico Province and Nuble Province) and Argentina (Neuquén and Lucar).Adults are variable in forewing maculation. One form is very similar to Haemateulia haematitis with a dark forewing with limited pattern elements. Another form has a forewing pattern that includes a pale red-brown basal patch followed by a region of pale scaling. Adults have been recorded on wing in February and March.
 Homadaula is a genus of insects in the Galacticidae family.
 Trypeta apicalis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Yuanotherium minor is an extinct species of synapsid which existed in China during the late Jurassic period. It is the only species in the genus Yuanotherium.
 Arminoidea is a superfamily of small sea slugs marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Nudibranchia.Arminoidea is the only superfamily in the clade Euarminida.
 Cardioglossa leucomystax is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and possibly Angola.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Salpingoteuthis is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Megacraspedus separatellus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from central and southern Europe to the Ural Mountains. Outside of Europe it is found in the Altai Mountains Turkey and the Caucasus.Females are brachypterous.
 Spilosoma rava is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Kenya Liberia Nigeria Senegal Gambia and Uganda.The larvae are polyphagous.
 Anopinella cartagoa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 7.7-8.8 mm.
 The Amakosa Rocksitter (Durbania amakosa) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 26–35 mm for males and 29–38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to January. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Cyanobacteria species.
 Mertensophryne howelli is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Coleophora oxyphaea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Elachista protensa is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Common names: banded pitviper banded tree viper.Trimeresurus fasciatus is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Djampea Island Indonesia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Culicoidini is a tribe of biting midges (punkies no-see-ums).Genera include:AustroconopsCulicoidesNeoculicoidesParadasyheleaIt is not quite clear which taxa should be considered full genera and which ones mere subgenera and included in Culicoides.
 Joculator gracilis is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Laseron in 1951.
 The Cladobranchia are a taxonomic clade of nudibranch sea snails or slugs marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Dexiarchia.
 Caeneressa leucozona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1911. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 The manini (Acanthurus triostegus) is a small surgeonfish in family Acanthuridae of order Perciformes. It is about 5 inches (13 cm) long. It is whitish-yellow with zebra-like black stripes on its sides. It is also known as Convict Tang.
 Antiblemma acrosema is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is native to Madagascar.
 Western red scorpionfish (Scorpaena sumptuosa) is a species of marine fish of the family Scorpaenidae. It is colored bright red to pale brown around 400 millimeters in length and has tassel-like appendages that aid its camouflage. This species lies in ambush motionless and disguised amongst corals where it awaits prey which it sucks into its large and quick mouth.
 Hakelocaris vavassorii is an extinct species of prawn that lived during the Cenomanian period. It was named in 1994 by Alessandro Garassino and is the only species in the genus Hakelocaris.
 Chryseofusus subangulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Galaxias fontanus is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family informally known as the Swan galaxias It is endemic to Tasmania.
 This article is about the genus of firefly beetles. For the novel by José de Alencar see Lucíola. For the Last Exile anime character see Luciola (character).Luciola is a genus of flashing fireflies (family Lampyridae) especially well-known from Japan. They are often called Japanese fireflies but their members range farther into Asia and reach southern Europe (Italy France Spain Portugal among other countries) and Africa.
 The pod razor Ensis siliqua is a coastal bivalve of European waters. It is edible and has been exploited commercially especially in Spain and Ireland.There is at least one subspecies: E.s. minor.
 Mauromyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Neoodes tazieffi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Neoodes.
 Grandidier's mongoose (Galidictis grandidieri) also known as the giant-striped mongoose or Grandidier's vontsira is a small mammal that lives only in a very small area of Southwestern Madagascar in areas of spiny forest vegetation. It is a pale brown or grayish coloured mongoose with eight wide dark stripes on its back and sides. Grandidier's mongoose is larger than the related Broad-striped Malagasy Mongoose G. fasciata and its stripes are not as wide.
 Nassarius louisi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Rhinostomus is a genus of true weevil family.
 The Golden-headed Manakin (Ceratopipra erythrocephala) is a small passerine bird which breeds in tropical South America. It is found from Panama Colombia and Trinidad south and east to the Guianas and Brazil and northern Peru. It is not found south of the Amazon or the Ucayali Rivers.Like other manakins the Golden-headed Manakin is a compact brightly coloured forest bird typically 3.7 in (9.4 cm) long and weighing 0.44 oz (12.5 g).
 Scopula coniaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 20–24 mm.
 Caristanius is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956.
 Orthaga olivacea is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Warren in 1891. It is found in China Japan Taiwan and the Russian Far East.The larvae are a pest on camphor trees. They prefer trees between five and ten years old and damage the leaves by aggregative feeding within nests formed by infested leaves. There are two generations per year in Jiaxing.
 Prasinocyma rhodocosma is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in northern Western Australia the Northern Territory Queensland and New South Wales.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on young shoots and leaves of Eucalyptus species
 Microhyla annamensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Cambodia Laos Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Provespa is a lesser known genus of Vespidae made up of a group of nocturnal wasps from Southeast Asia such as P. barthelemyi and P. nocturna.They tend to build their nests from fibrous plant material making them a uniform greyish brown colour which is often difficult to locate.
 Spilaethalida is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from New Guinea and Northern Australia. One undescribed species occurs in Sulawesi.
 Dolichupis malvabasis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Entocolax ludwigii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is notable for being commonly misspelled as Entocolax ludwigi this was the original name for this species of Caenogastropoda the incorrect name was corrected shortly after Voigt gave the taxonomic name for this species in 1888.
 Trechosia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trechosia aberdarensis Jeannel 1935 Trechosia ambigua (Peringuey 1896) Trechosia aterrima (Peringuey 1896) Trechosia dollmani Jeannel 1960 Trechosia intermedia Geginat 2007 Trechosia kogelbergensis Geginat 2007 Trechosia leleupi Jeannel 1964 Trechosia monticola (Peringuey 1926) Trechosia montistabulae Jeannel 1964 Trechosia natalensis Jeannel 1960 Trechosia solutilis (Peringuey 1908)↑
 Bathycrinicola nacraensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Axiocerses susanae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe.Adults have been recorded in March.The larvae feed on Peltophorum africanum Pterolobium stellatum Julbernardia globiflora and Schotia brachypetala. They are associated with the ant species Pheidole megacephala.
 Euxesta arcuata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Chlorophorella gerlingi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Chlorophorella.
 The Savanna Hawkmoth (Sphingonaepiopsis nana) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from the Kerman Province Hormozgan Province and Baluchistan in southern Iran and western Saudi Arabia to the southern Arabian Peninsula (including the United Arab Emirates northern Oman and Yemen) and eastern Africa to Natal west to Gambia.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. Adults are on wing in March and April.
 The white-spotted Izak or African spotted catshark Holohalaelurus punctatus is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found in the western Indian Ocean off Natal South Africa southern Mozambique Madagascar Kenya and Tanzania between latitudes 4° S and 37° S at depths of between 220 and 440 m. Its length is up to 35 cm.
 Aphilopota foedata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.This species looks dirty yellowish-grey unregularly sprayed with fine black spoton the fore and hind wings.The male have a wingspan of 40–41 mm.
 Pilodeudorix catalla is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Ghana to Cameroon and in Equatorial Guinea and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele).
 Alocolytoceratinae is a subfamily of lytoceratids that comprises genera characterized by many deep constrictions in the shell resulting in capricorn-like (goat's horm) ornamention especially in the middle whorls but becoming smooth and more involute in the outer whorls. Saddle endings in the suture tend to be phylloid (leaf-like).Alcolytocerainae includes Alocolytoceras Lobolytoceras Pachylytocras and Pleurolytoceras which are mostly from the Toarcian.
 Hypsiboas beckeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calathus granatensis is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 The Eisentraut's shrew (Crocidura eisentrauti) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Plethodontohyla mihanika is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Graphium deliae is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Zambia.
 Macropoides is a genus of beetles of the scarab beetle family. These species can be found in Mexico and Central America.
 Calluga purpureoviridis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Adelopomorpha glabra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Adelopomorpha.
 The kampango or kampoyo Bagrus meridionalis is a large territorial and predatory bagrid catfish endemic to Lake Malawi occurring from the lower reaches of rivers to the deepest habitable parts of the lake.A nocturnal predator it feeds largely on smaller demersal Malawi Cichlids. Juveniles mainly feed on trophic eggs released by the female and when slightly older the male helps the young in searching for invertebrates in and around the nesting site which both parents will defend.
 Asiapistosia subnigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1899. It is found in China (Shaanxi Zhejiang Fujian Hubei Hunan Sichuan Yunnan and Guangdong).
 The Lorentz's Whistler (Pachycephala lorentzi) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Boat-billed Flycatcher (Megarynchus pitangua) is a passerine bird. It is a large tyrant flycatcher the only member monotypic of the genus Megarynchus.It breeds in open woodland with some tall trees from Mexico south to Bolivia and Argentina and through to Trinidad.The nest built by the female is an open saucer of sticks. The typical clutch is two or three whitish eggs heavily blotched with brown.
 Myrmecia borealis is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. Their distribution has only been recorded very few times in Queensland and New South Wales.The head and thorax of the Myrmecia borealis is black. The top of the legs are black as well but the bottom areas are yellowish-brown. Mandibles are yellow and the middle part of the body is a reddish-brown colour.
 Elachista crumilla is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is 8-10.8 mm for males and 7.8-11.8 mm for females.
 The smooth oreo or smooth dory Pseudocyttus maculatus is an oreo the only species in the genus Pseudocyttus. It is found in all southern oceans at depths of between 400 and 1500 metres (1300 and 4900 ft). Its length is up to 60 centimetres (24 in).
 Serratifusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Pigmy Skipper or Dark Hottentot (Gegenes pumilio) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from the coasts of the Mediterranean Sea through Anatolia to the Himalaya and south in the whole of Africa.The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October in multiple generations.The larvae feed on various grasses including Gramineae species as well as Pennisetum clandestinum Ehrharta (including Ehrharta erecta) and Cynodon species.
 Striginiana agrippa is a moth of the Eupterotidae family. It can be found in Tanzania.The body of the male of this species has a length of 46 millimetres (1.8 in) the length of its forewings is 72 mm (2.8 in) and its wingspan 130 mm (5.1 in). The forewings are yellowish-brown.
 Syrnola angasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Neurogomphus zambeziensis is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Botswana Mozambique Namibia South Africa Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Tanzania. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Parides proneus is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Brazil and Paraguay.
 Hyperolius ocellatus is a species of tropical West African frog in the Hyperoliidae family that is split into the H. o. ocellatus and H. o. purpurescens subspecies. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria Uganda and possibly Rwanda.
 Neomariania oecophorella is a moth in the Stathmopodidae family. It was described by Rebel in 1940. It is found on the Azores.
 Rock of Gibraltar (IRE) (foaled 8 March 1999 in Ireland) is a Champion racehorse and stallion owned by Coolmore for whom he currently stands in Ireland (during the Northern Hemisphere breeding season) and Australia (as a shuttle-stallion during the Southern Hemisphere breeding season).
 Bombus coreanus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
 Saurita salta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Venezuela.
 Niphadoses is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Phycodes chalcocrossa is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1909. It is found in the Middle East and Saudi Arabia.
 Muricopsis (Muricopsis) perexigua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Beddomeia wilmotensis is a species of very small freshwater snail that has a gill and an operculum an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Dalima delineata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo.
 Ligeriella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Acmaeoderopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Acmaeoderopsis chisosensis (Knull 1952) Acmaeoderopsis guttifera (LeConte 1859) Acmaeoderopsis hassayampae (Knull 1961) Acmaeoderopsis hualpaiana (Knull 1952) Acmaeoderopsis hulli (Knull 1928) Acmaeoderopsis jaguarina (Knull 1938) Acmaeoderopsis junki (Théry 1929) Acmaeoderopsis paravaripilis (Barr 1972) Acmaeoderopsis prosopis Davidson 2006 Acmaeoderopsis rockefelleri (Cazier 1951) Acmaeoderopsis vaga (Barr 1972) Acmaeoderopsis varipilis (Van Dyke 1934) Acmaeoderopsis westcotti (Barr 1972)↑
 Deuterostegane is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Triatoma rubrovaria is an insect which is ubiquitous in Uruguay in neighboring parts of northeastern Argentina and in the southern states of Paraná and Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil. This species of triatomine is found mainly among exfoliate rocks known as pedregales. It was earlier reported as T. (triatoma) rubrovaria a sylvatic species inhabiting rock piles rarely found in human dwellings.
 Gorgyra pali the Pale Leaf Sitter is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and western Kenya. The habitat consists of forests.
 Hastula matheroniana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Chalcone is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Marbled Wood Quail (Odontophorus gujanensis) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Panama Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Capsospongia is a middle Cambrian sponge genus known from 2 specimens in the Burgess shale. It has a narrow base and consists of bulging rings which get wider further up the sponge resulting in a conical shape.
 Agdistis linnaei is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Tanzania and Kenia.The wingspan is 14–19 mm. The moth flies in April and from November to January.
 Hellinsia ruminahuii is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 21 mm. The forewings are straw-yellow and the markings are pale brown. The hindwings and fringes are pale brown-grey. Adults are on wing in March at an altitude of 2480 meters.
 Azygophleps is a genus of moths belonging to the family Cossidae.
 Anarta mendica is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Turkey Armenia Azerbaijan Israel and Lebanon.Adults are on wing from April to June. There is one generation per year.
 The narrownose smooth-hound Mustelus schmitti is a houndshark of the family Triakidae found on the continental shelves of the subtropical southwest Atlantic from southern Brazil to northern Argentina between latitudes 30° S and 44° S at depths of from 60 to 195 m. Its length is up to 74 centimetres.Narrownose smooth-hounds feed on crabs and probably other crustaceans and presumably small fishes.
 The Lesser Flamingo (Phoenicopterus minor) is a species of flamingo occurring in sub-Saharan Africa with another population in India. Birds are occasionally reported from further north but these are generally considered vagrants.
 Alvania angioyi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Udea platyleuca is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Touchardia latifolia and Urera sandwicensis.
 Schacontia medalba is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Brazil and Peru.The length of the forewings is 6.5–10 mm. The basal area of the forewings is primarily grey-brown. The terminal area of the hindwings is lightly shaded.
 Nebria dejeanii is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Austria.
 Nothopleurus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nothopleurus castaneus (Casey 1924) Nothopleurus lobigenis Bates 1884 Nothopleurus madericus (Skiles 1978) Nothopleurus subsulcatus (Dalman 1823)↑
 Oxyophthalmellus rehni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia.
 Loxophlebia flavipicta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1912. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Alticola is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
 Tate's Shrew Rat (Tateomys rhinogradoides) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia. The species is named after American zoologist George Henry Hamilton Tate.
 Razorback and wild hog are Americanisms loosely applied to any type of feral pig wild boar or cross in North America. Common wild boar (Sus scrofa scrofa) are sometimes called Russian boar or Russian razorbacks. The term Razorback has also appeared in Australia to describe such animals there.
 Dekeyseria brachyura is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Rio Negro basin. This species grows to a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL.
 Henricus ceramocerus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Thyrocopa viduella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai.The length of the forewings is 14-17 mm. Adults are on wing at least from June to August. The ground color of the forewings is mottled dark brown and very light whitish-brown. The discal area is clouded with poorly defined blackish spots in the cell and a curving poorly defined whitish band through the terminal area and evenly spaced spots on the distal half of the costa and along the termen at the veinendings.
 Incarcha is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Dyar in 1910 and contains the species I. aporalis. It is found in Guyana and Peru.
 Acupalpus meridianus is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 Idalus felderi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Günther's black snake Bothrolycus ater is a species of poorly known colubrid snake endemic to central Africa. It is the only member of the genus Bothrolycus. This snake is notable as one of the few snakes with notable sexual dimorphism (males have 17 scale rows females have 19) as well as possessing a small pit anterior to the eye. While superficially similar to the thermal pits of vipers its function remains unknown.
 Kuehneodon is a genus of extinct mammal of the Upper Jurassic - Lower Cretaceous of Europe. It was a relatively early member of the also extinct order of Multituberculata. Members of this genus lived alongside such dinosaurs as Allosaurus. It belongs to the suborder Plagiaulacida family Paulchoffatiidae. In addition this genus is the only known member of a subfamily called Kuehneodontinae. It was named by Hahn G.
 The masked mouse-tailed dormouse (Myomimus personatus) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family. It is found in Iran and Turkmenistan.
 Hoplolaimus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lance nematodes. They are parasites of plants and three species are pests of agricultural crops.These nematodes are usually about 1 to 1.5 millimeters long; some reach 2 millimeters. They have large stylets with knobs shaped like anchors or tulips. The male has winglike folds around its tail and the female has a short rounded tail.
 Goniographa shchetkini is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is only known from a single location near the Liangar glacier.The wingspan is about 31 mm.
 Brokers Tip (1930–1953) by Black Toney out of the French mare Forteresse was a Thoroughbred racehorse and the only horse in history whose sole win was in the Kentucky Derby. His Derby win went down in history as the Fighting Finish because Brokers Tip's jockey (Don Meade) and Herb Fisher (the jockey aboard rival Head Play) literally fought one another atop their mounts down the homestretch.
 Chedra pensor is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It was described by Hodges in 1966. It is found in California and Arizona.
 Histopona bidens is a funnel-web spider species found in Croatia and Macedonia.
 Liptenara schoutedeni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (from the south-eastern part of the country to Lualaba).
 Aeolopetra is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Coleophora botaurella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Russia (Volga region) Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Iran Afghanistan and Turkey.Adults are on wing from June to August.
 The Scarlet-fronted Parakeet (Psittacara wagleri) is a long-tailed South American species of parrot which is sometimes called the Scarlet-fronted Conure or Wagler's Conure.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and especially high-altitude shrubland and forest; it is also known to visit heavily degraded former forest.
 Brissopsis atlantica is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissopsis atlantica was first scientifically described in 1907 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Acreichthys tomentosus commonly known as the Bristle-tail filefish is a species of demersal marine fish which belongs to the family Monacanthidae widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-west Pacific.It's a small size fish that can reach a maximum size of 12 cm length.
 Pseudogastrioceratinae is one of two subfamilies of the Paragastrioceratidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Anisopodus subarmatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Melzer in 1931.
 The White-browed Woodswallow (Artamus superciliosus) is a moderately sized passerine bird native to inland Australia. Like all woodswallows it has a brush-tipped tongue but feeds almost exclusively on flying insects.White-browed Woodswallows are highly nomadic. Pairs small parties and sometimes flocks of thousands wander irregularly around inland Australia often trending north to winter in the Northern Territory and central Queensland and south in spring to nest.
 Globampyx is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago. Species of the genus are known from Canada (southeastern British Columbia) Norway (Svalbard) and Sweden.
 Hyposmocoma rubescens is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Nephele lannini is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from highland forests in Zimbabwe Malawi and southern Tanzania.The length of the forewings is 31–33 mm. The head thorax and forewings are very dark olive brown.
 Rhopalomastix is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Nereis is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Nereidae. It comprises many species most of which are marine including the sandworm (Nereis virens) and the common clam worm (Nereis succinea). Nereis possess setae and parapodia for locomotion. They may have two types of setae which are found on the parapodia. Acicular setae provide support. Locomotor chaetae are for crawling and are the bristles that are visible on the exterior of the Polychaeta.
 Acygonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Bicknell's Thrush (Catharus bicknelli) is a medium-sized thrush at 17.5 cm (6.9 in) and 28 g (1 oz). It was named after Eugene Bicknell an American amateur ornithologist who discovered the species on Slide Mountain in the Catskills in the late 19th century.Adults are olive-brown on the upperparts slightly redder on the tail. The underparts are white with gray on the flanks; the breast is greyish brown with dark spots. They have pink legs a faint grey eye ring and gray cheeks.
 Elachista mannella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Austria.
 Dicranurus (Twin head-tail) was a genus of Lower Devonian lichid trilobites that lived in a shallow sea that lay between Euramerica and Gondwana corresponding to modern-day Oklahoma and Morocco respectively. As such their fossils are found in Oklahoma and Morocco. Their bodies averaged about 1-inch (25 mm) or so in length though their large spines made them at least 2 inches (51 mm) in length.
 Scinax brieni is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forest ponds irrigated land seasonally flooded agricultural land and canals and ditches.
 Amaroschema gaudini is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 The Somali elephant shrew or Somali sengi (Elephantulus revoili) is a species of elephant shrew in the Macroscelididae family. It is endemic to Somalia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and hot deserts.
 Palanasaspis chekhivensis is an extinct species of jawless fish which existed during the early Devonian period.
 Ephestiodes noniella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ephestiodes. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Sitophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Glyphipterix oxytricha is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Eidophasia dammersi is a moth of the Plutellidae family. It is found in California and Arizona.The larvae feed on Cleome isomeris.
 Sternacanthus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Sternacanthus allstoni Bates 1870 Sternacanthus batesi Pascoe 1862 Sternacanthus picicornis Thomson 1860 Sternacanthus picticornis Pascoe 1857 Sternacanthus sexmaculatus Bates 1870 Sternacanthus undatus (Olivier 1795) Sternacanthus unifasciatus Aurivillius 1922↑
 Lepidoblepharis is a genus of Central and South American dwarf geckos commonly known as Scaly-eyed Geckos.
 Fusiteuthis is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Selene lookdowns and moonfishes is a genus of carangids native to the Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Aporia crataegi the Black-veined White is a large butterfly of the family Pieridae.It is found in orchards and bushes throughout most of Europe North America temperate Asia Korea and Japan. It is normally found an altitudes of 500 to 2000 metres (1600 to 6600 ft).
 Daphnella dilecta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The splittail (Pogonichthys macrolepidotus) also called Sacramento splittail is a cyprinid fish native to the low-elevation waters of the Central Valley in California. It was first described by William O. Ayres in 1854. It is the sole living member of its genus the Clear Lake splittail P. ciscoides having become extinct in the 1970s.The distinctive feature of the splittail is the larger upper lobe of the tail fin. It also has tiny barbels at the corners of the mouth.
 Osteobrama cotio peninsularis is a subspecies of Osteobrama cotio.
 Panchylissus nigriventris is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lane in 1965.
 Phrynobatrachus phyllophilus is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Eastern moss-mouse (Pseudohydromys murinus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Basiptera castaneipennis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily and the only species in the genus Basiptera. It was described by Thomson in 1864. It is known from Paraguay and Argentina.
 Paraegocera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Corcyra nidicolella is a species of snout moths in the genus Corcyra. It was described by Rebel in 1914 and is known from Egypt.
 The Sooty Tyrannulet (Serpophaga nigricans) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers.It is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay; also southern Paraguay. A small extension of its range is in southeastern Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers and swamps.
 The white-tailed bumblebee (Bombus lucorum) is a species of bumblebee that is widespread and common throughout Europe. However the name has been widely used for many of a complex of nearly identical-looking or cryptic species of bumblebees. A recent review of all of these species worldwide has helped to clarify its distribution in Europe and northern Asia almost to the Pacific. In the north it reaches the Barent's Sea.
 The short-tail lanternshark (Etmopterus brachyurus) is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the western Pacific between latitudes 37°N and 30°S at depths of between 450 and 900 m (1480 and 2950 ft). Its length is up to 50 cm (20 in).Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Squirrels belong to family Sciuridae of small or medium-size rodents. The family includes tree squirrels ground squirrels chipmunks marmots (including woodchucks) flying squirrels and prairie dogs. Squirrels are indigenous to the Americas Eurasia and Africa and have been introduced to Australia. The earliest known squirrels date from the Eocene and are most closely related to the mountain beaver and to the dormouse among living rodent families.
 Monodontides cara is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Roamer (1911-1920) was an American thoroughbred racehorse. In the Blood-Horse magazine's list of the top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century the gelding Roamer was ranked #99.
 Syneora hemeropa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tasmania.
 Liodaptus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Liodaptus birmanus Bates 1890 Liodaptus longicornis Lesne 1896↑
 Ampelomeryx is an extinct genus of herbivorous even-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the family Palaeomerycidae Ampelomeryx was named by Duranthon et al. (1995). It was assigned to Palaeomerycinae by Prothero and Liter (2007). It had frontal and occipital appendages. It was similar to Tauromeryx and Triceromeryx.
 The red-bellied black snake (Pseudechis porphyriacus) is a species of elapid snake native to eastern Australia. Though its venom is capable of causing significant morbidity a bite from it is not generally fatal and is less venomous than other deadly Australian snakes. It is common in woodlands forests and swamplands of eastern Australia. It is one of Australia's best-known snakes as it is common in urban areas along the eastern coast of Australia.
 Helina maculipennis is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 Paleosuchus is a South American genus of reptile in the family Alligatoridae. They are the smallest members of the order Crocodilia in the Americas.The genus contains two species: Cuvier's dwarf caiman (Paleosuchus palpebrosus). Smooth-fronted caiman (Paleosuchus trigonatus).
 Pyrausta obfuscata is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found from Spain to Belgium and from France to the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine and Russia.Adults are on wing in July and August in one generation per year. They are active during the daytime on sunny days.The larvae feed on Inula conyzae.
 Medusafishes are a family Centrolophidae of perciform fishes. They are found in temperate and tropical waters throughout the world.Young Icichthys lockingtoni specimens are abundant in the coastal waters of the north Pacific where they are often found in association with jellyfish which provide them with protection from predators and opportunities to scavenge the remains of the jellyfishes' meals.
 Pyramidelloides is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 The stout whiting Sillago robusta (also known as the yellow-cheek whiting and school whiting) is a species of benthic marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. Like other sillaginids it is an elongate slightly compressed fish growing to a maximum known length of 30 cm.
 Pyrotheria is an order of extinct meridiungulate mammals. These mastodon-like ungulates include the genera Baguatherium Carolozittelia Colombitherium Gryphodon Propyrotherium Proticia and Pyrotherium.They had the appearance of large digitigrade tapir-like mammals with relatively short slender limbs and five-toed feet with broad flat phalanges.
 Trichromia sardanapalus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru and Brazil.
 Requienia is an extinct genus of fossil saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusk in the order Hippuritoida family Requieniidae. These rudists lived in the Cretaceous period from the Valanginian age (136.4–140.2) to the Campanian age (70.6–83.5 mya). They were stationary intermediate-level suspension feeders.
 The white-lipped tamarin (Saguinus labiatus) also known as the red-bellied tamarin is a tamarin which lives in the Amazon area of Brazil and Bolivia.The red belly of these New World monkeys is its most remarkable outward characteristic. Otherwise it is black with a thin white mustache on its face and a black-brown back.They live in social groups of related animals. The mother usually gives birth to one or two young at a time.
 Epicrocis laticostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in South Africa.
 Conus branhamae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Marginella amazona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mordella analis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Henkelotherium is an extinct genus of mammal from the Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian) Camadas de Guimarota. It differs from most other paurodontids in having more postcanine teeth.
 Cucudeta is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with three described species all endemic to New Guinea.
 Dahira nili is a moth of the Sphingidae family which is endemic to China.It is similar to Dahira taiwana but the forewing upperside has a stronger and more contrasting pattern of transverse lines with diffuse pale yellow patches in the distal half and in the orange colour of the hindwing upperside being restricted to a large central patch surrounded by very dark brown on all sides.
 Deudorix odana the Indigo Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele Tshopo Sankuru and Lualaba) Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania.
 Callionymus ogilbyi is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific waters off of New South Wales Australia.
 Cyana rubristriga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893. It is found in the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Gabon.
 Herpetopoma larochei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chilodontidae.
 Bolma myrica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Antona subluna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 The ponderous siltsnail or ponderous spring snail scientific name Cincinnatia ponderosa is a species of small freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Artyfechinostomum malayanum is a species of digenetic trematode in the family Echinostomatidae.The known first intermediate host of Artyfechinostomum malayanum include freshwater snails Indoplanorbis exustus and Gyraulus convexiusculus.The ceraciae can also infect gastropods Pila scutata Lymnaea cumingiana and Digoniostoma pulchella.
 Pharomachrus is a genus of birds in the Trogonidae family. Pharomachrus is from Ancient Greek pharos mantle and makros long referring to the wing and tail coverts of the Resplendent Quetzal (the second h is unexplained).The five species of this genus and the Eared Quetzal the only living member of the genus Euptilotis together make up a group of colourful birds called quetzals.
 Strophomena is a genus of brachiopods belonging to the order Strophomenida family Strophomenidae. They were stationary epifaunal suspension feeders.These brachiopods (often known as lamp shells) lived from the Ordovician period in the Lower Llanvim age to the Silurian period in the Lower Llandovery age.
 Maeotias is a genus of jellyfish in the family Olindiidae. It is a monotypic genus and the only species is Maeotias marginata commonly known as the Black Sea jellyfish or brackish water hydromedusa and often referred to as Maeotias inexpectata in the literature. It was first described from the Don and Kuban estuaries of the Sea of Azov (which was called the Lake of Maeotis in antiquity) and also occurs in the Black Sea all of which are areas of low salinity.
 The Talamancan yellow-shouldered bat (Sturnira mordax) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found only in Costa Rica and Panama and there are no subspecies.
 Bathysphyraenops is a genus of oceanic basslets native to the deep waters of the tropical oceans.
 Blabioides is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. It contains the single species Blabioides snelleni which is found on Java.
 The Cinnamon-browed Melidectes (Melidectes ochromelas) also known as the Cinnamon-browed Honeyeater is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eternal Search (1978–2007) was a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse foaled in Ontario.Purchased at age two for $50000 by Mel Lawson who rasced her under his Jim Dandy Stable banner she was trained by Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Ted Mann.
 Carposina iophaea is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 18–19 mm. The head palpi and thorax are dark fuscous irrorated with whitish. The abdomen is grey while the two basal segments are whitish-ochreous. The forewings are elongate narrow the costa gently arched the apex round-pointed and the termen almost straight. They are dark fuscous irrorated with whitish sometimes more or less mixed with pale ochreous.
 Eois sagittaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Fuegian Steamer Duck (Tachyeres pteneres) also called the Magellanic Flightless Steamer Duck is a flightless duck from South America. It belongs to the steamer duck genus Tachyeres. It inhabits the rocky coasts and coastal islands from southern Chile and Chiloé to Tierra del Fuego switching to the adjacent sheltered bays and lakes further inland when breeding.
 Acraea perenna the Falcate Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Ethiopia Tanzania Malawi and Zambia.
 Zitna was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Corgatha.
 Actinopyga is a genus of sea cucumbers found in coastal waters in tropical and temperate regions.
 Zabrus chalceus is a species of ground beetle in the Eutroctes subgenus that can be found in Armenia and Turkey.
 Neolamprologus buescheri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Turbonilla barroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Neurostrota pithecolobiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cuba.The larvae feed on Samanea saman. They mine the stem of their host plant.
 Argentiniceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass. Its fossils was found in (Russia) (Yemen) (India) (Mediterranean) and (South America).
 Large odorous frog Odorrana graminea is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Hainan and Fujian provinces in China and in northern Vietnam; its actual distribution may well be wider. The species occurs near to fast-flowing rivers and streams in montane (sub-)tropical forests.O. graminea can produce ultrasonic calls. This is very rare among non-mammalian vertebrates but has been shown for concave-eared torrent frog Odorrana tormota.
 Amblyseius orientalis is a species of predatory mite belonging to the family Phytoseiidae. This oval greyish white mite is very small; the female is around 380 μm in length and the male is even smaller at around 280 μm. Both sexes are notable for the very long setae on the margins of the body and on the fourth pair of legs.
 Acalyptris acontarcha is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1926. It is known from Katwar India. The hostplant for the species is Hymenodictyon obovatum.
 Muscina prolapsa is a species of fly from the family Muscidae.
 Pyura dalbyi (yellow cunjevoi) is a large solitary ascidian or sea squirt.
 Cyrtocarenum is a trapdoor spider genus.
 Ciliopagurus galzini is a species of hermit crab. It is one of four species in the strigatus complex; it resembles C. strigatus with the most prominent difference being coloration. It is common in the shallow intertidal waters of the Tuamotus.
 Neocrepidodera nigritula is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania Andorra Benelux Denmark Liechtenstein Macedonia Moldova Monaco Portugal San Marino Spain Vatican City Yugoslavia and various European islands.
 Northern krill Meganyctiphanes norvegica is a species of krill that lives in the North Atlantic Ocean. It is an important component of the zooplankton providing food for whales fish and birds. (In the Southern Ocean Antarctic krill Euphausia superba fills a similar role.) M.
 Eriocraniella xanthocara is a moth of the Eriocraniidae family. It was described by Davis in 1978. It is found in California.The wingspan is 7-8 mm for males and 7.5-8.5 mm for females. The forewings are immaculate dark fuscous with a prominent greenish blue iridescence. The hindwings are similar to the forewings in color though less lustrous and with more purplish iridescence. They are uniformly covered with relatively broad scales.
 The Northern Tinker Frog or Tinkling Frog (Taudactylus rheophilus) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family. It is endemic to humid mountainous areas of north-eastern Queensland in Australia. It lives among rocks and logs at small fast-flowing streams. Adults are nocturnal.As most other members of the genus Taudactylus this species has declined drastically and is consequently considered critically endangered by the IUCN.
 Catocala aspasia redirects here. This name has also been misapplied to Catocala junctura.Catocala electilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Arizona and Mexico.The larvae feed on Populus fremontii.
 Lepidokirbyia vittipes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama Brazil Surinam Paraguay Ecuador Peru and Colombia.
 Aspella producta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Bonitasaura is a titanosaurian dinosaur hailing from uppermost layers of the Late Cretaceous Bajo de la Carpa Formation Neuquen Group located in Río Negro Province Northwestern Patagonia Argentina.
 The splendid toadfish Sanopus splendidus also called the coral toadfish and the Cozumel splendid toadfish is a species of toadfish entirely endemic to the island of Cozumel. Commonly found under coral outcroppings. Dens can be spotted by the sloping sand patch. They are very difficult to coax out in the open.Unlike any other member of the toadfish family the splendid toadfish is distinctive for its vibrant colors.
 Hilarographa soleana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Seram.The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish slightly mixed with orange in the form of lines extending from the dorsum. The hindwings are brownish with a broad dark brown apical third.
 Nassarius fossatus the channeled basket snail is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks. It is native to the west coast of North America where it is found on mudflats on the foreshore and on sand and mud in shallow water.
 Strictispira stillmani is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.
 Microlepidogaster perforatus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Carandaí River. This species grows to a length of 5.0 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 The Leaden Flycatcher (Myiagra rubecula) is a species of passerine bird in the family Monarchidae. Around 15 cm (6 in) in length the male is a shiny lead-grey with white underparts while the female has grey upperparts and a rufous throat and breast. It is found in eastern and northern Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests in the northern parts of its range in the south and inland it is eucalypt woodland.
 Themarictera is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Miomantis exilis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Acrocercops punctulata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Scopula capnosterna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Plesiocidaris durandi is an extinct species of sea urchin. Including its spines the creature was 13 cm (5 in) wide. Its remains have been found in Drâ el-Ahmar near the Atlas Mountains in Oran Algeria. A Commander Durand found the fossils there in 1870 and sent them to French paleontologists. The exact location of the find was not noted and has not been rediscovered since. The species name durandi refers to Commander Durand.
 Eulithidium adamsi is a species of minute colorful sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae the pheasant shells.
 The Anguilla Bank Ameiva or Caribbean Ameiva (Ameiva plei) is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva. It is found on the Caribbean islands of Anguilla Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy in the Lesser Antilles. Its coloration and markings vary between each island population.
 Paralaea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gyrodactylus gondae is an ectoparasite. It was found in Pomatoschistus minutus and Pomatoschistus lozanoi in European coastal waters.
 Pelasgus epiroticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Albania Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.
 Prototheora angolae is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in Angola where it known only from the type locality which is located in central Angola.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have been recorded in early November.
 Colus jeffreysianus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Scapanorhynchus (Spade Snout) is an extinct genus of shark from the Cretaceous period. Their extreme similarities to the living goblin shark Mitsukurina owstoni lead some experts to consider reclassifying it as Scapanorhynchus owstoni.
 Oreophrynella dendronastes is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Guyana.
 Paleoboa is an extinct genus of snake from the Eocene of Germany.
 Neobelemnella is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 The Japanese Reed Bunting or Ochre-rumped Bunting (Emberiza yessoensis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in China Hong Kong Japan North Korea South Korea and Russia.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Capsodes is a genus of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Mirinae.
 Eilema brunneotincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in South Africa.
 Ectoedemia ilicis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in the western Mediterranean Region in southern France and the Iberian Peninsula.The wingspan is 5.1-7.2 mm. Adults are on wing from March to the end of June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera Quercus ilex Quercus ilex rotundifolia and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a rather long initially quite narrow strongly contorted gallery.
 Opisthostoma otostoma is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Malaysia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Omphalophana serrulata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Iran.
 The Amu Darya sturgeon or false shovelnose sturgeon (Pseudoscaphirhynchus kaufmanni) is a species of fish in the Acipenseridae family. It is found in Tajikistan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Anaxila is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Eupithecia scopariata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal Italy Croatia Greece and on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults are on wing in winter including December.The larvae feed on Erica scoparia Calluna vulgaris and Cytisus species.
 Teilhardina magnoliana is the earliest known North American primate known from Mississippi. It crossed the land bridge from Siberia possibly more than 55.8 million years ago although the age of the fossil is a matter of disagreement. The animal weighed approximately one ounce.
 Neogene dynaeus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil.It is similar to Neogene reevi. There is an oblique more or less interrupted grey apical band on the forewing upperside that usually joins the grey transverse discal band. The hindwing upperside is more or less suffused with brown and the brown marginal band is not sharply defined.
 The Townsend's mole Scapanus townsendii is the largest North American mole.It is found in open lowland and wooded areas with moist soils along the Pacific coast from southwestern British Columbia to northwestern California. This animal's total range in Canada is estimated to be 20 km² (7.7 sq mi).
 Copelatus bertrandi is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 1996.
 Orophia languidula is a species of moths in the family Oecophoridae. It was described by Meyrick in 1921 and is known from Mozambique.
 Stigmella epicosma is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915 and is known from Peru.
 Quasicooronga is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Dasysyrphus albostriatus is a European species of hoverfly.
 The Jamaican Caracara Caracara tellustris is a prehistoric species of terrestrial bird in the falcon family Falconidae. It was native to the island of Jamaica in the Caribbean where it probably inhabited dry forests in the island's south. The Jamaican Caracara was large and had diminished wings; it was probably mostly terrestrial and may have been flightless. Caracara tellustris became extinct during the Quaternary extinction event.
 Rallina is a genus of bird in the rail family Rallidae. It contains eight species found in forest and marshland in Asia and Australasia.
 The Angolan Marsh Rat (Dasymys nudipes) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Botswana Namibia and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Archidiptera is a suborder of Diptera under an alternative classification based largely on fossil taxa; it has not gained wide acceptance among non-paleontological dipterists.Its sole living representative the family Nymphomyiidae is normally considered a member of the Blephariceromorpha within the Nematocera.
 Hypochalcia decorella is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypochalcia. It was described by Hübner in 1810. It is found from France to Russia and from Germany and Poland to Italy Croatia Hungary and Romania. It has also been recorded from Kazakhstan.
 Tunita is an extinct genus of prehistoric mackerel that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch of Southern California.
 Caridina serratirostris is a species of freshwater shrimp that lives in the Indo-west Pacific region from Madagascar to Fiji including northern Queensland. Its common name in the aquarium trade ninja shrimp comes from its ability to quickly change colour and disappear into its surroundings like a ninja. Adults grow to a length of 25–35 millimetres (1.0–1.4 in).
 Hebra is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The golden shiner (Notemigonus crysoleucas) is a cyprinid fish native to eastern North America. It is the sole member of its genus. Much used as a bait fish it is probably the most widely pond-cultured fish in the United States. It can be found in Quebec and its French name is Mené jaune or Chatte de l'Est.
 Lyclene goaensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kirti and Gill in 2009. It is found in India (Goa).The wingspan is about 20 mm for males and 24 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is pinkish red with a black basal spot and a black antemedial band. The hindwings are pinkish red.
 The Ugandan red colobus (Procolobus tephrosceles) is an endangered species of red colobus monkey recognised as a distinct species since 2001. There is disagreement however over taxonomy with many considering the Ugandan red colobus to be a subspecies (Procolobus rufomitratus tephrosceles). The Ugandan red colobus is an Old World monkey which is found in 5 different locations across Uganda and Tanzania.
 The shelled slug scientific name Testacella haliotidea is a rarely seen air-breathing carnivorous land slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Testacellidae the shelled slugs.
 The Slate-throated Whitestart (Myioborus miniatus) or less accurately the Slate-throated Redstart is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.The Slate-throated Whitestart is a long-tailed warbler with a deep rufous head dark back and contrasting bright yellow breast belly and white vent and tail tips.
 Nebria rougemonti is a species of ground beetle from a Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan province of China.
 The Rufous-tailed Antthrush or Brazilian Antthrush (Chamaeza ruficauda) is a species of bird in the Formicariidae family. It is endemic to Atlantic Forest in southeastern Brazil and far northeastern Argentina (only Misiones Province). The Cryptic Antthrush and Short-tailed Antthrush are present in the same region but these are mainly found at lower altitudes than the Rufous-tailed Antthrush.
 Vinctifer is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Paectes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Micralarctia australis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Watson in 1988. It is found in Namibia.
 Percnarcha latipes is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Brazil.
 Colostethus olfersioides is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ondina warreni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Scopula ochricrinita is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 The Long-tailed Tapaculo (Scytalopus micropterus) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The Long-tailed Tapaculo is one of the larger species of the genus Scytalopus and compared to other species of Scytalopus its tail is relatively long.
 Brenthia trilitha is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Polenta was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Plagiomimicus although most species are now in Lineostriastiria.
 The Mountain White-eye (Zosterops montanus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is found in Indonesia and the Philippines.
 Ematheudes persicella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ematheudes. It was described by Amsel in 1961 and is known from Iran.
 Talahua is a genus of hoverflies.
 Eupithecia convallata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Iran.
 Cyphoma alleneae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Zapotec Salamander (Bolitoglossa zapoteca) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Caecum wayae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Pleurotomella benedicti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Choeradodis rhombicollis common name Peruvian Shield Mantis is a species of praying mantis native to South America and found in Belize Costa Rica Ecuador French Guyana Guatemala Colombia Mexico Nicaragua Panama Peru and Surinam. It was formerly categorized as Choeradodis columbica (Beier 1931) as Choeradodis peruviana (Serville 1839) and as Mantis rhombicollis (Latreille 1833).
 Collix stenoplia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. The habitat consists of montane areas.
 Opeatogenys is a genus of clingfishes.
 The Okhotsk atka mackerel Pleurogrammus azonus commonly known as hokke in Japan also known as the Arabesque greenling is a mackerel-like species in the family Hexagrammidae. The primary population of the fish is found off of the Sea of Okhotsk. According to legend it was discovered by Nichiji.
 The large-eared free-tailed bat (Otomops martiensseni) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae found in Angola Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Djibouti Ethiopia Ghana Kenya Malawi Rwanda South Africa Tanzania Uganda Yemen Zambia and Zimbabwe and possibly Madagascar.
 Corna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Clypeomorus brevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Euphaedra judith Judith’s Striped Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia and western Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of forests.
 Clavatula petzyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Not to be confused with Camposaurus.
 The Short-lined Chocolate (Argyrostrotis anilis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Quebec and Ontario down through the eastern United States to Florida and Texas.The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on Prunus americana and Sabatia.
 Choerophryne burtoni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 The Yanbaru whiskered bat (Myotis yanbarensis) is a species of vesper bat in the genus Myotis. It is only known from the islands of Okinawa Amami Ōshima and Tokunoshima in the Ryukyu Archipelago south of Japan.
 Laetilia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1889.
 Cochylis parallelana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from coastal California.Adults have been recorded on wing from April to June and from August to September.
 Coleophora trochilella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in all of Europe with possible exception of parts of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Asteraceae species (Achillea Artemisia vulgaris Eupatorium Tanacetum). They create a straw-coloured slender three-valved tubular case with a length of about 10 mm. The mouth angle is 45°-60°. The Larvae are found at the leaf underside.
 The brown greater galago also known as the large-eared greater galago (Otolemur crassicaudatus) is a nocturnal primate the largest in the family of galagos.
 Sealy Hill (foaled April 14 2004 in Ontario) is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by Canadian businessman Eugene Melnyk Sealy Hill was named for a village in the Melnyk's adopted home Barbados. She was sired by 2001 American Horse of the Year Point Given.
 Orthotylus adenocarpi is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in Andorra Benelux Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Great Britain Ireland Poland Spain and Sweden.
 Metaphidippus manni is a species of jumping spider found in North America.
 Acrocercops tetradeta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Singapore and India (Karnataka and Maharashtra).The larvae feed on Ixora coccinea. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ziba interlirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Abagrotis discoidalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Washington Oregon and California west to northern Arizona and New Mexico Colorado and north into southern Alberta.The wingspan is about 31 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in Alberta. There is one generation per year.
 The Giant Saturn (Zeuxidia aurelius) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.The wingspan is about 145 mm.
 The Banded Apple Pigmy (Stigmella malella) is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found almost all of Europe except Iceland and Norway.The wingspan is 4–6 millimetres (0.16–0.24 in). Adults are on wing from April to August.The larvae feed on Malus x astracanica Malus baccata Malus domestica Malus floribunda Malus fusca Malus ringo Malus sylvestris and sometimes Prunus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Stagehand (foaled 1935 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who is the only horse to ever win the Santa Anita Handicap as a three-year-old.
 Naticarius canrena is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Trisuloides prosericea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China (Guangdong).
 The Beech-green Carpet (Colostygia olivata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 22–27 mm. Adults are in wing from May to August in one generation.The larva feed on Galium species. Larvae can be found from September to May.
 Hilarographa plectanodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Tiberia is a genus of minute parasitic sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. Tiberia is the only genus in the tribe Tiberiini.
 Cephalotes maya is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Inermocoelotes brevispinus is a funnel-web spider species found in Bulgaria.
 Litaneutria skinneri common name Skinner's Ground Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Arizona New Mexico and Texas.
 Smicroloba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudolatirus discrepans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Mitra fusiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Lovely Fairywren (Malurus amabilis) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It was first described by the ornithologist John Gould in 1852 from a specimen collected by Captain Owen Stanley in Cape York. Its species name is the Latin adjective ămābǐlis lovable.
 Odostomia striata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ethminolia elveri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Glipostenoda matsushitai is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus. It was described in 1954.
 Hypsopygia phanerostola is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1917. It is found in Ecuador.
 Gibberula cristinae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Deborrea griveaudi is a species of bagworm native to Madagascar.
 Dendrochirus biocellatus known commonly as the twospot turkeyfish or ocellated lionfish among other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Scorpaenidae. The twospot turkeyfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region and it grows up to 13 centimetres (5.1 in) in length. In the wild the species eats small fish as well as shrimp.In captivity the fish is somewhat shy. Furthermore it may hide in crevices during daylight.
 Teulisna bipectinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan Guangxi Hainan and Guangdong).
 The Chestnut-banded Plover (Charadrius pallidus) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family. This species has a large range being distributed across Southern Africa but actually occupies a rather small area.
 Callisto pfaffenzelleri is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Alps and Slovenia.The larvae feed on Amelanchier Cotoneaster integerrimus and Sorbus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts near the leaf margin. From there it develops into a small lower-surface tentiform mine with only weak folds. Older larvae live freely under a leaf margin that has been folded upwards sometimes also between spun leaves.
 Brunia dorsalis is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found in the Northern Territory Queensland the Sula islands the Louisiade Archipelago and New Guinea.
 Eupithecia vasta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Rivula is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Echinolittorina paytensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Shelley's Oliveback (Nesocharis shelleyi) also known as the Fernando Po Oliveback is a species of estrildid finch found in Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 55000 km². It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. The status of the species is evaluated as Least Concern.
 Peters's myotis (Myotis ater) is a species of vesper bat It is found in Indonesia Papua New Guinea the Philippines and sometimes Australia.
 Sakhalin stickleback (Pungitius tymensis) is a fish of the Gasterosteidae family. Freshwater benthopelagic fish up to 7.0 cm length. Endemic of the islands of Hokkaido і Sakhalin.
 Paraethria triseriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Brazil (Parana Santa Catarina).
 Erora is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Nearctic ecozone and the Neotropic ecozone.16x Media related to Erora at Wikimedia Commons16x Data related to Erora at Wikispecies
 Acromantis luzonica common name Luzon Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in the Philippine.
 Turbonilla israelskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mantica horni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Mantica.
 Eupithecia hamleti is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Armenia.
 Aalatettix is a genus of insect in the tetrigidae family. Only one species is identified in this genus known as Aalatettix longipulvillus.
 Diraphora is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived in the Cambrian. Its remains have been found in Australia and North America. 664 specimens of Diraphora are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed where they comprise 1.26% of the community.
 Ramphis is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Gemmula luzonica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Goniobranchus cazae is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Anthracoceratidae is one of nine families of the Pericyclaceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Infurcitinea toechophila is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 12-20 mm. The forewings are dark chocolate-brown with clearly defined silvery white markings. The hindwings are pale shining greyish.The larvae possibly feed on lichen.
 Prorophora eberti is a species of snout moth. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Euglandina singleyana common name the striate glandina or striate wolfsnail is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Animal Kingdom (foaled in Kentucky on March 20 2008) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 137th Kentucky Derby and the 2013 Dubai World Cup. His Derby win took place on May 7 2011 before a record crowd of 164858. After the Derby Animal Kingdom finished second in the Preakness Stakes and sixth in the Belmont Stakes before his career was disrupted by injury.
 Bucculatrix hypocypha is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Hypatopa fluxella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including Texas Louisiana and Maine.
 Pareuchontha grandimacula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is restricted to southern Peru and Bolivia.
 The Elada Checkerspot (Texola elada) is a species of butterfly in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae. It is found from southern Mexico north to central Texas and central Arizona in the United States.The wingspan is 22–32 mm (0.87–1.26 in). Adults are on wing from April to October. There are several generations per year.The larvae feed on Siphonoglossa pilosella in Texas. They have been recorded feeding on various yellow Asteraceae species in Mexico. Adults feed on flower nectar.
 Indobenthosuchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Afromurzinia fletcheri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1958. It is found in Tanzania.
 Jack Ketch (foaled 1954 in Ireland) was a thoroughbred racehorse. Raced at age two under trainer Stephen Quirke son of Irish champion jockey Martin Quirke Jack Ketch won the Maher Nursery Handicap. At age three the colt won three important Irish races including the Classic 2000 Guineas.In 1958 Jack Ketch was sold to American Allie E. Reuben who raced under the name of Hasty House Farm. Trained by future U.S.
 Elachista elaphria is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Australia.
 The Malayan Nawab (Polyura moori) is a butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Rajahs and Nawabs group that is the Charaxinae group of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Euerythra is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The Green Avadavat or Green Munia (Amandava formosa) is a species of Estrildid finch with green and yellow on the body a bright red bill and black zebra stripes on the flanks. They are endemic to the Indian subcontinent and were formerly popular as cagebirds with the name avadavat being a corruption of the name the city of Ahmedabad in Gujarat which was a centre of bird trade. They have a restricted distribution and populations are threatened by bird trade.
 Endotricha olivacealis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Russia China Korea Japan Taiwan India Malaysia and western Java.The wingspan is 24–26 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellow-brown with bushy violet scales in the basal and external area. The ground colour of the hindwings is pink violet and the costal area is brownish-yellow.
 The White-chinned Jacamar (Galbula tombacea) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Mordellistena yezoensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Chǔjǒ in 1957.
 Hypocrita reedia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Plesionida is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Munididae containing the following species: Plesionida aliena (Macpherson 1996) Plesionida psila Baba & de Saint Laurent 1996↑ ↑
 Metoxypilus spinosus is a species of praying mantis found in New Guinea.
 Berambe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ctenucha pohli is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Schiffornis is a genus of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in the manakin family but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC. Instead of Schiffornis' they are sometimes referred to as mourners; a name they share with members of the genera Laniocera Laniisoma and Rhytipterna.
 Chriselliam (2 February 2011 – 7 February 2014) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2013 she won two of her five races in Europe establishing herself as one of the leading British-trained fillies of her generation by winning the Fillies' Mile. She was then sent to the United States in November where she recorded a decisive win in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf.
 Ernocornutia altonapoana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with a slight brownish admixture and brown dots and suffusions. The markings are brown. The hindwings are cream with grey strigulation.
 Kellibrooksia is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Hoplostraca from the Middle Pennsylvanian.
 Dicercomorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Dicercomorpha albosparsa (Laporte & Gory 1836) Dicercomorpha argenteoguttata Thomson 1879 Dicercomorpha dammarana Holynski 2001 Dicercomorpha farinosa Thomson 1879 Dicercomorpha fasciata Waterhouse 1913 Dicercomorpha grosseguttata Thomson 1878 Dicercomorpha interrupta Deyrolle 1864 Dicercomorpha javanica (Laporte & Gory 1836) Dicercomorpha multiguttata Deyrolle 1864 Dicercomorpha mutabilis Saunders 1874 Dicercomorpha strandi Obenberger 1928 Dicercomorpha subcincta Deyrolle 1864 Dicercomorpha viridisparsa Thery 1935 Dicercomorpha vitalisi Bourgoin 1922↑
 Pelagielloidea is an extinct superfamily of Paleozoic fossil molluscs of uncertain position either (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).
 Kimmerosaurus (lizard from Kimmeridge) is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the family Cryptoclididae closely related to Tatenectes.
 Asymphorodes bipunctatus is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Chalcangium longipenne is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Chalcangium.
 The Cinderella Waxbill (Estrilda thomensis) is a near-threatened species of estrildid finch found in drier regions of south-western Angola around Namibe Province north and east to south-west Huila Province and north to Fazenda do Cuito in Huambo and extreme north-western Namibia. It has an estimated global distribution of 95700 km².
 Pseudomelittia berlandi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Malawi and Tanzania.
 Percis matsuii is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Matsubara in 1936. It is a marine deep water-dwelling fish which is known from southern Japan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 200 to 500 metres (660 to 1640 ft) and inhabits sand and mud sediments.
 The Mountain Parakeet (Psilopsiagon aurifrons) is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Diodora italica is a sea snail or limpet a marine prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Chloropaschia fiachnalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Chloropaschia. It is found in South America.
 The Swazi Rock Snake (Inyoka swazicus) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.It is found in South Africa and Swaziland.It was previously grouped in the genus Lamprophis but in November 2010 was reclassified to its own genus: Inyoka
 Stigmella insignis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 3.5 mm. Adults have been recorded in March November and December.The larvae probably feed on Celmisia spectabilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Callionymus fluviatilis the River dragonet is a species of dragonet native to southern and southeastern Asia where it is found in the lower portions of rivers to the ocean. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries. This species grows to a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL.
 Moelleriopsis abyssicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The two species of New World flying squirrels genus Glaucomys are the only species of flying squirrel found in North America. They are distributed from Alaska to Honduras. They are similar in many ways to the Eurasian flying squirrels in the genus Pteromys. The two species of New World flying squirrels can be easily distinguished on the basis of size and ventral pelage.
 Heterogyrus milloti is a species of beetle in the family Gyrinidae the only species in the genus Heterogyrus.
 The Heath Sulphur (Colias chippewa) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae found in North America and northeastern Asia. Its range includes Alaska across northern Canada including all the territories and as far east as Labrador. and the Russian Far East.Flight period is from mid-June until early August.Wingspan is from 32 to 45 mm.Larvae feed on Vaccinium uliginosum and Vaccinium caespitosum.
 Angaria turpini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Angariidae.
 Barbus zalbiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Flax bibrevipennis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found on Borneo (it was described from Sarawak).The wingspan is 9-9.5 mm. The forewings have a costa which is shorter than the posterior margin. The ground colour is light grey brown including the fringes. The base of the costa is dark brown. There is a dark-brown quadrangular patch in the upper medial area with a black dot in the inner lower area.
 Praemastus cymothoe is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Bolivia and Colombia.
 Typhlops richardii or Richard's blind snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Cochlicopoidea is a superfamily of air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Orthurethra.
 The Grizzled Bush Brown (Bicyclus ena) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Zululand to Swaziland Mpumalanga from Zimbabwe to Kenya and in Uganda.The wingspan is 38–42 mm for males and 43-48 for females. There are two extended generations per year. The wet season form is on wing in spring and summer and the dry season form in autumn and winterThe larvae probably feed on various Poaceae species.
 The Kākāwahie or Molokaʻi Creeper (Paroreomyza flammea) was a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper. It is extinct and formerly found on the Hawaiian island of Molokaʻi in Hawaii.
 Toxiclionella haliplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Parachondrostoma turiense is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Spain. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Southern Brown Argus (Aricia cramera) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is a butterfly of Southern Europe and North Africa and can be found on from Morocco and Tunisia up to Spain and Portugal on Mediterranean islands including Menorca and on the Canary Islands.The wingspan ranges to up to 30 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Erodium Helianthemum and Geranium species.
 Scaphis astridae is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The sandcastle worm (Phragmatopoma californica) also called the honeycomb worm or honeycomb tube worm is a reef-forming marine polychaete worm belonging to the family Sabellarididae. It is dark brown in color with a crown of lavender tentacles and has a length of up to about 7.5 centimeters (3.0 in).
 Chaetonodexodes is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Mulinia coloradoensis also known as the Colorado Delta clam is a species of clam endemic to the Colorado River Delta. It is thin-shelled and in the Mactridae family.
 Melangyna compositarum is a European species of hoverfly.
 Decidedly (foaled 1959 in California) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who is best known for winning the 1962 Kentucky Derby.Ridden by Bill Hartack Decidedly set a new Churchill Downs track record for 1¼ miles in winning the 1962 Derby. In the second leg and third legs of the U.S. Triple Crown series the Preakness and Belmont Stakes he was unplaced.In 1963 Decidedly won five of thirteen starts and set a new Keeneland Race Course record for 11/16 miles in winning the Ben Ali Handicap.
 Gymnitidae is a family of Lower to Middle Triassic ammonite cephalopods with evolute discoidal shells. Hyatt and Smith (1905 p. 114-115) included the Gymnitidae in the suborder Ceratitoidea which later became the superfamily Ceratitaceae and included in it genera more primitive than Gymnites as well as the more advanced Gymnites. Those being Xenaspis Flemingites and Ophiceras. Derivation as shown in Smith (1932 p. 30) is from Xenodiscus.
 Norfolcioconch is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Pachymelania fusca is a species of freshwater snail a gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.
 Powelliphanta annectens is one of the amber snails an air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae. It is a protected species with very limited distribution.
 Zosterogrammidae is an extinct family of millipedes containing three genera each with a single species. Fossils are known from the Czech Republic Scotland and the USA. Zosterogrammidae constitutes the sole family of the order Zosterogrammida.
 Baroa peniculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cerny in 2011. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon). The habitat consists of primary forests in high montane regions.The length of the forewings is 15-18 mm for males and 16-19 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey. The hindwings are black. Adults have been recorded on wing from January to February in April June August September and November.
 Lioptilodes fetisi is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Chile. Moths in this species take flight in December and have a wingspan of approximately 21 millimetres. Lioptilodes fetisi is noted for its cream-white colour.
 Dystaxia is a genus of beetles in the family Schizopodidae containing the following species: Dystaxia elegans Fall 1905 Dystaxia murrayi LeConte 1866↑
 Glyphostoma gabbii common name Gabb's tooth turrid is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Eupithecia mahomedana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Darrylia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Crassispirinae Turridae.
 Limnotrochus thomsoni is a species of tropical freshwater snail with gills and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.Limnotrochus thomsoni is the only species in the genus Limnotrochus.The specific name thomsoni is in honor of explorer Joseph Thomson.
 Lioplax is a genus of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.
 Axiocerses styx is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of lowland forests at altitudes between 600 and 1000 meters.
 Parasa shirakii is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 27-34 mm.
 Mordella vittaticollis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Bedotia sp. nov. 'Garassa' is a species of fish in the Bedotiidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Jordanita hector is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is known from southern Turkey and Lebanon.The length of the forewings is 13–14 mm for males and 9.5–12 mm for females. Adults are on wing at the end of May.The larvae probably feed on Centaurea cheirolopha.
 Hyalornis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Xoridinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. Xoridinae are idiobiont ectoparasitoids of wood‑boring Coleoptera and Hymenoptera (Symphyta). Most parasitize larvae.There are four genera. In general aspect the better-known Xoridinae are large robust black and orange insects with a large tooth on the hind femora. Like their hosts they are woodland species.
 Mordella fulvopilosa is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Latirus flavidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Leptopoma is a genus of land snails with a gill and an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.
 Hiltonius is a genus of cylindrical millipedes in the family Spirobolidae comprising 10 species ranging from the southwestern United States to Guatemala with most species being found in Mexico. The genus was named by Ralph Vary Chamberlin in 1918.
 Aneuxanthis locupletana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain France Italy and on Corsica Sardinia and Sicily.The wingspan is 20-22 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.
 Megalonema is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America.
 Arctiopais is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Threadfins are silvery grey perciform marine fish of the family Polynemidae. Found in tropical to subtropical waters throughout the world the threadfin family contains nine genera and 33 species.
 Archactenis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Red-fan Parrot (Deroptyus accipitrinus) also known as the Hawk-headed Parrot is an unusual New World parrot hailing from the Amazon Rainforest. It is the only member of the genus Deroptyus.The Red-fan Parrot possesses elongated neck feathers that can be raised to form an elaborate fan which greatly increases the bird's apparent size and is possibly used when threatened. It generally lives in undisturbed forest feeding in the canopy on fruits.
 Xenotilapia longispinis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with sandy substrates. This species can reach a length of 16.3 centimetres (6.4 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Western Emerald (Chlorostilbon melanorhynchus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. Alternatively it has been considered as a subspecies of either the Blue-tailed Emerald C. mellisugus or the Red-billed Emerald C. gibsoni.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Echeneis neucratoides the Whitefin sharksucker is a species of remora native to subtropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea. This fish can reach a length of 75 centimetres (30 in) TL (though most do not exceed 50 centimetres (20 in) TL). This species is an important component of local commercial fisheries.
 Ypsolophidae is a family of moths with some 160 species. They are included in the Plutellidae by many authors.
 Mchenga is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to East Africa.
 Heleobops is a genus of very small aquatic snails operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae.Heleobops is one of three genera (together with Heleobia and Semisalsa) within the subfamily Semisalsinae.
 Haddadus plicifer is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Euzora is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Acanthinodera cumingii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Acanthinodera.
 Odostomia poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The epithet poppei refers to Professor Ewald Poppe.
 Glipidiomorpha burgeoni is a species of beetle in the Glipidiomorpha genus that is of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1929 by Píc.
 Orthaga semialba is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in Malaysia.
 Valgus is a genus of beetles. Most described species are found in Asia with some reaching into northern Africa and Europe and three species native to the New World. One species is found in South Africa.
 Syndianella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 The cobbled starfish Calliaster baccatus is a species of starfish in the family Goniasteridae.
 Neoblastobasis biceratala is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Park in 1984. It is found in South Korea Russia and Japan.
 The siamang (Symphalangus syndactylus) is a tailless arboreal black-furred gibbon native to the forests of Malaysia Thailand and Sumatra. The largest of the lesser apes the siamang can be twice the size of other gibbons reaching 1 m in height and weighing up to 14 kg. The siamang is the only species in the genus Symphalangus.The siamang is distinctive for two reasons.
 Telmatochromis brachygnathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 7.6 centimetres (3.0 in) SL.
 Calliotropis grata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Labeo sanagaensis is fish in genus Labeo.
 Chlopsis olokun is an eel in the family Chlopsidae. It was described by Charles Richard Robins and Catherine H. Robins in 1966 originally under the genus Xenoconger. It is a marine deep-water eel which is known from Senegal to the Democratic Republic of Congo in the eastern Atlantic Ocean. It typically dwells at a depth range of 46-200 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 30.2 centimetres.
 Elaeophora abramovi is a nematode parasite found in the hepatic arteries of the Moose (Alces alces) in Russia.
 Stenalia aethiopica is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968.
 Hyptiocheta is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Cephetola chari is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic.
 Pipiza quadrimaculata is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Palfuria gibbosa is a spider species of the Zodariidae family. The closest relatives of P. gibbosa are P. spirembolus and P. hirsuta.
 The Chestnut-bellied Rock Thrush (Monticola rufiventris) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent eastwards towards parts of Southeast Asia. Its range includes Bangladesh Bhutan India Tibet Laos Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Amalodeta is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Amazonentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Sinopoda is a genus of huntsman spiders found in Asia. The genus was first described by Peter Jäger in 1999.
 Nepogomphoides stuhlmanni is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Long-tailed Spiny-rat Proechimys longicaudatus is a spiny rat species from South America. It is similar to a squirrel and found in Bolivia Brazil Peru Paraguay and the Welsh Border.
 Krauseia is an extinct genus of small mammal from the Paleocene of North America. It was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata and is within the suborder of Cimolodonta family Neoplagiaulacidae. The genus was nemed by Vianey-Liaud M. in 1986 and has also partly been known under the name Parectypodus.The species Krauseia clemensi was named by Sloan R.E. in 1981 and is klso known as Parectypodus clemensi.
 The Pale-edged Flycatcher (Myiarchus cephalotes) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Odostomia culta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The steppe mouse or mound-building mouse (Mus spicilegus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Austria Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Hungary Macedonia Romania Serbia and Montenegro Slovakia Slovenia and Ukraine.
 Metalobosia invarda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Chestnut-coloured Woodpecker (Celeus castaneus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.
 The Webb's Wainscot (Capsula sparganii) formerly known as Archanara sparganii is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe Central Asia from Southern Siberia to Manchuria Korea Turkey Syria and Iran.The wingspan is 32–40 mm. The moth flies in one generation from July to October and are attracted to light.The larvae feed on Iris pseudacorus typha and similar watery plants.
 The ornate chorus frog (Pseudacris ornata) is a species of chorus frog endemic to the Southeastern United States.
 Odostomia resina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cactoblastis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1901 and is known from Argentina Peru and Brazil.
 Caloptilia meyricki is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Cassida denticollis is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found in Mongolia West China (Xinjiang province) and the Western Palaearctic region. The species feeds on plants from the Asteraceae family including Achillea millefolium Artemisia absinthium Artemisia campestris and various plants Tanacetum species including Tanacetum corymbosum and Tansy.
 Lithoxus stocki is a species of armored catfish endemic to French Guiana where it occurs in the Maroni and Mana River basins. This species grows to a length of 6.6 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Methona is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Doubleday in 1847. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Oligolepis keiensis the Kei goby is a species of goby native to marine and brackish waters along the coasts of Mozambique South Africa Madagascar and the Seychelles. This species can reach a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL.
 Calliostoma layardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The Wedge-snouted Mabuya (Trachylepis acutilabris) of Africa is also called Wedge-snouted Skink.The Wedge-snouted Skink (Sphenops sepsoides) is a common and widespread species of skink in the Scincidae family. It is found in Egypt Israel Jordan Libya and the Palestinian territories. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland freshwater springs hot deserts and sandy shores. S.
 The striped robber (Brycinus lateralis) is a species of fish in the Alestidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are rivers and inland deltas.
 Adoxosia excisa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Epatolmis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of only one species Epatolmis caesarea. It is found in Europe Asia Minor Southern Siberia Amur Mongolia Northern China up to Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 35–40 mm.The caterpillars feed on various plants including Rubus Atriplex Cynoglossum Plantago Veronica Stellaria Galium Hieracium and Euphorbia species.
 Natica vittellus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Metophioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Heliochris amazona is a species of damselfly in the family Dicteriadidae. It is found in America: Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Paraguay Suriname Venezuela.
 Stemonidium hypomelas is a species of deep-sea eel in the family Serrivomeridae originally described from a 171-mm specimen taken from a depth of around 1000 m near Niihau Island Hawaii in 1902. It can be distinguished from the related sawtooth eels by its reduced dentition which more resemble those of the snipe eel. It is of no significance to fisheries.
 Recilia dorsalis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that can be found in India Japan Korea Malaysia the Philippines Sri Lanka Borneo island Taiwan and Henan province of China.
 The Big-head Seahorse Hippocampus grandiceps is a seahorse of average size that inhabits the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Australia. It reaches a maximum size of about 10 centimeters.
 Eleutherodactylus lacteus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Key Gnaphosid spider (Cesonia irvingi) is a species of ground spider in the Gnaphosidae family. It is found in Bahamas Florida and Cuba.
 Acrobasis elyi is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Neunzig in 1970 and is known from Connecticut to Florida U.S.A.There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Carya species including Carya tomentosa. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Graphium auriger is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Senegal Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Megalorhipida tessmanni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Equatorial Guinea South Africa Cameroon and Madagascar.The larvae feed on Cinchona pubescens.
 The slender snipefish or snipefish (Macroramphosus gracilis) is a snipefish of the genus Macroramphosus. It is found in tropical oceans around the world at depths of 50 to 500 m (160 to 1640 ft). Its length is up to 15 cm (5.9 in).
 Thrincophora dryinodes is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia (including Victoria the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales).
 Glomeremus is a cricket genus in the sub family Gryllacridinae.
 Fodina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudomeritastis decora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm. The forewings are light grey with ferruginous-brown markings edged and in part transversely strigulated with dark brown. The hindwings are white and slightly creamy.
 Empis variegata is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It is found from the Benelux through Germany to Switzerland Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia and Hungary. It has also been recorded from central Russia.
 Ormetica iheringi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1921. It is found in Brazil.
 Xenorhina is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea.
 Koloonella micra common name the minute pyramid-shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Triglavia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Perret's Night Frog or Astylosternus perreti is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss. It is also known to be one of only three species of African frogs to have claws used on demand when it feels threatened.
 Nebaliopsididae is a family of leptostracan crustaceans. It contains only two species Nebaliopsis typica and Pseudonebaliopsis atlantica.
 Naxia tumida the little seaweed crab dresser crab or decorator crab is a small crab of the family Majidae (with a carapace up to 4 centimetres or 1.6 inches in diameter) that is common in rocky intertidal and subtidal areas on the temperate coasts of Australia including parts of Victoria New South Wales Tasmania and Western Australia. It is usually found covered in seaweed that acts as camouflage attached to the hooks on its shell.
 Epiphragma is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Anthidium dammersi is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Ceryx hyalina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Moore in 1879. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam) and Burma.
 Argyresthia pseudotsuga is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Washington.Adults emerge in April.The larvae feed on Pseudotsuga menziesii. They mine the twigs and tips of their host plant. The larvae enter the twigs at a node mining in a spiral pattern around the new wood or directly into the wood. They continue feeding until late fall when they move to the base of the twig and construct a pupal chamber. Pupation takes place around the end of January.
 Acalyptris lundiensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1980. It is known from Zimbabwe.
 The oceanic lightfish Vinciguerria nimbaria a lightfish of the genus Vinciguerria is found in all deep tropical and subtropical oceans and seas from depths of 20 to 5000 m. Its length is between 2 and 5 cm.
 Carminodoris boucheti is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Copelatus assimilis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1985.
 Darantasia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Adaina praeusta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It was described from Puerto Rico.
 Coleophora parthica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Iran.
 Tornidae is a family of very small and minute sea snails with an operculum marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha. This family used to be known as the Vitrinellidae. Iredale has shown that the family Adeorbidae Monterosato 1884 should be called Tornidae Family names cited with two dates (the second one in parentheses) are those ruled by Article 40(2) of ICZN. If ...
 The Marsh Grassbird (Locustella pryeri) also known as the Japanese Swamp Warbler is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family. It is found in China Japan South Korea Mongolia and Russia.Its natural habitat is swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Black-faced Monarch (Monarcha melanopsis) is a passerine bird in the family Monarchidae.The Black-faced Monarch was most likely discovered sometime in the 1810s although its original discovery is somewhat controversial. According to many bird books the original discoverer of the Black-faced Monarch was Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in the year 1818.
 Argidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pelonomites is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pelonomites celisi (Basilewsky 1954) Pelonomites coiffaiti Bruneau de Mire 1990 Pelonomites leleupi (Basilewsky 1953) Pelonomites vignai Zaballos & Casale 1997↑
 Micromyzon akamai is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Micromyzon of the family Aspredinidae.
 The Popinjay Stibochiona nicea is a species of Nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
 Orthaga thyrisalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Ausia fenestrata is a curious Ediacaran period (630 – 542 million years ago) fossil represented by only one specimen 5 cm long from the Nama Group a Vendian to Cambrian group of stratigraphic sequences deposited in the Nama foreland basin in central and southern Namibia.
 Ortalis bipars is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Neophryxe is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Homalinotus colossus is a species of weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae. This species can be found in Brazil.
 Elachista dorinda is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Syrnola angusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eleutherodactylus esmeraldas is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Tawny-backed Fantail (Rhipidura superflua) also known as the Cinnamon-backed Fantail is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family. It is endemic to Indonesia where it occurs in the southern Maluku Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. The species occupies an area of larger than 20000 km² and has a stable population of above 10000 and thus is not considered as threatened.
 Acrobasis normella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Dyar in 1908 and is known from Ontario Canada and central and eastern United States.The larvae feed on Corylus americana and Corylus cornuta.
 Chamaesphecia amygdaloidis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Austria.The larvae feed on Euphorbia austriaca and not Euphorbia amygdaloides as the species name implies.
 Braun's Bushshrike (Laniarius brauni) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.It is endemic to Angola. An alternative name for this bird is the Orange-breasted Bushshrike but the English name is also used for Chlorophoneus sulfureopectus.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German collector R. H. Braun who collected in southern Africa.
 Tylocidaris is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived from the Early Cretaceous to the Eocene. Its remains have been found in Europe and North America.
 Macroglossum passalus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka India Thailand south-eastern China Taiwan southern Japan Indonesia (Sumatra Java) and the Philippines.The wingspan is 52–62 mm. Adults are attracted to the flowers of Duranta erecta and Lantana camara. They are on wing at dawn and dusk.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Daphniphyllum calycinum in Hong Kong Photinia glabra in Japan and Photinia lindleyana in India.
 Lissonotypus tetraspilotus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by White in 1853.
 Eumerus sabulonum is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 The Tawny Antpitta (Grallaria quitensis) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cosmosoma galatea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1912. It is found in Costa Rica and Peru.
 Homalocantha tortua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Hispaniolan solenodon (Solenodon paradoxus) also known as the Dominican solenodon or agouta is a solenodon found only on Hispaniola the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic. It was unknown to science until 1833 when it was first described by Brandt. A similar but smaller species Marcano's solenodon (S. marcanoi) once lived on the island but became extinct after European colonization. All solenodon species belong to order Soricomorpha and family Solenodontidae.
 The helmeted iguana (Corytophanes cristatus) is a species of lizard endemic to the New World. It is found from southern Mexico to South America in rainforests. With long limbs it climbs well and feeds on insects spiders worms and other lizards.
 Olivella fortunei is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Seguenzia trochiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 Brithyceros are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Brithyceros dichroanthes which is found in Brazil.
 Copamyntis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1934.
 Grammia figurata the Figured Tiger Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Drury in 1773. It is found from southern Ontario and New Hampshire south to Georgia and west to Colorado and Texas.The length of the forewings is 15.77 mm. The forewings are dark brown to black dorsally with pale buff to ivory bands. The ground colour of the hindwings is highly variable ranging from yellow to scarlet or pink. The markings are black.
 The Southern Marquesan Reed Warbler (Acrocephalus mendanae) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.It was formerly considered conspecific with the Northern Marquesan Reed Warbler and together known as the Marquesan Reed Warbler.It is found only on the southern Marquesan Islands.Subspecies include: Uapou Marquesan Warbler Acrocephalus mendanae dido nominate (Hiva Oa Tahuata) Acrocephalus mendanae mendanae Mohotani Marquesan Warbler Acrocephalus mendanae consobrina Fatuhiva Marquesan Warbler Acrocephalus mendanae fatuhivae↑
 Bifascia nigralbella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Algeria the northern Sahara Tunisia Saudi Arabia western Pakistan and India. It has also been recorded from Spain.The wingspan is 8-8.5 mm.The larvae feed on the flowers of Acacia species including Acacia farnesiana and Acacia horrida. They are 7 mm long and slender. The dorsal part is yellow with red stripes in the first part.
 Pseudochondrostoma willkommii is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Portugal and Spain.Its natural habitats are rivers and water storage areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phalonidia mayarina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Cuba. The wingspan is about 18.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream preserved along the edges of the markings. The remaining area is suffused with brownish yellow with brown dotsand strigulae. The hindwings are brownish grey.
 Schistura chapaensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Milgithea rufiapicalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Milgithea. It is found in Central America.
 Deltaspis alutacea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Uroobovella is a large genus of mites in the family Urodinychidae.
 Olivella pulchella is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 The Robust White-eye (Zosterops strenuus) also known as the Lord Howe White-eye or Robust Silvereye and locally as the Big Grinnell was a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It was endemic to the lowland forests of Lord Howe Island east of Australia.It was a mainly green bird around 7.6 cm long with a white belly and yellow throat which separated it from other species of white-eye.
 Tonna tankervillii is a very large species of sea snail or tun snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Mexacanthina lugubris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eudendrium klausi is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Mantis religiosa referred to as the European Mantis outside of Europe and known simply as the Praying Mantis in Europe and elsewhere is one of the most well-known and widespread species of the order Mantodea.
 Erynniopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Stigmella progonopis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 3 mm. Adults have been recorded in January and February. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Dracophyllum traversii Dracophyllum longifolium Dracophyllum menziesii and Gaultheria crassa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long linear gallery originating near the leaf-base.
 Eupithecia harrisonata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America from British Columbia to California.Adults have been recorded on wing from March to May and again from July to August.
 Chirapsina hemixantha is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India and Vietnam.The wingspan is 30-32 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous cream with more rust suffusions especially in terminal part of the wing. The strigulation is rust coloured and the markings are pale rust with much darker linear edges. The hindwings are cream orange.
 Sympistis cherti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from South central British Columbia south to Nevada and California at altitudes of 2400 to 6300 feet.The wingspan is 30–40 mm. Adults are on wing from mid to late July to August.
 Agriphila tolli is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Ukraine Romania Bulgaria Turkey Greece the Republic of Macedonia Albania Hungary Slovakia the Czech Republic Austria Italy and on Corsica Sicily and Crete.
 Metallolophia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gymnothorax punctatofasciatus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans. It was first named by Pieter Bleeker in 1863 and is commonly known as the Bars'n spots moray.
 Gilliard’s Bird of Paradise is a bird in the family Paradisaeidae that is a hybrid between a Raggiana Bird of Paradise and Lesser Bird of Paradise. It is known from adult male specimens taken in the upper Baiyer Valley in Papua New Guinea. It was named after American ornithologist Ernest Thomas Gilliard by Clifford Frith and Bruce Beehler.
 Euphaedra demeter the Demeter Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Tegeticula tehuacana is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Oaxaca western- and south-western Veracruz and central-northern Puebla centred around the Tehuacan Valley.The wingspan is 20-24 mm for males and 22.5-26 mm for females. The forewings are white with a narrow band of dark brown scales. The hindwings are dark brownish grey. Adults are on wing in late April.The larvae feed on Yucca periculosa and Yucca mixtecana.
 Brenthia octogemmifera is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria.
 Apterostigma is a genus of New World ants of the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Thorictus is a genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae containing the following species: Thorictus algericus Chobaut Pic 1897 Thorictus abyssinicus John 1963 Thorictus aequabilis John 1965 Thorictus andreinii Escalera 1942 Thorictus angustus John 1964 Thorictus babadjanidis John 1971 Thorictus bacunus John 1971 Thorictus basalis John 1968 Thorictus baudii Reitter 1881 Thorictus baudoni John 1967 Thorictus becharensis Chobaut 1924 Thorictus beninensis Háva & Lackner 2005 Thorictus bifoveolatus Reitter 1887 Thorictus bonnairei Wasmann 1894 Thorictus braminus Wasmann 1912 Thorictus brevipennis John 1963 Thorictus buigasi Escalera 1923 Thorictus canariensis Wollaston 1862 Thorictus capensis Péringuey 1886 Thorictus castaneus Germar 1834 Thorictus ciliatus Reitter 1881 Thorictus cirenaicus John 1965 Thorictus cobosi John & Andreae 1967 Thorictus consimilis John 1965 Thorictus copticus John 1963 Thorictus crassus John 1965 Thorictus crinitus Andreae 1967 Thorictus deviedmai John 1965 Thorictus dilatipennis Reitter 1881 Thorictus dimidiatus Peyron 1857 Thorictus doderoi Escalera 1942 Thorictus doriae Escalera 1942 Thorictus ehlersii Perez 1872 Thorictus escalerai John 1965 Thorictus escorialanus John 1965 Thorictus fairmairei Raffray in Fairmaire & Raffray 1873 Thorictus feae Grouvelle 1897 Thorictus fiziensis John 1961 Thorictus foreli Wasmann 1894 Thorictus foveicollis Reitter 1880 Thorictus franzi John 1967 Thorictus fuhesanus John 1964 Thorictus gestroi Escalera 1942 Thorictus gigWollaston 1862 Thorictus grandiceps Pic 1931 Thorictus grandicollis Germar 1842 Thorictus hauseri John 1965 Thorictus heimi Wasmann 1899 Thorictus helleri John 1963 Thorictus hendeli Reitter 1910 Thorictus hilfi John 1965 Thorictus hoppi John 1971 Thorictus hottentotus Raffray 1901 Thorictus immutatus John 1963 Thorictus impressithorax Pic 1930 Thorictus incisicollis Pic 1924 Thorictus incultus John 1971 Thorictus indicus John 1963 Thorictus insulcatus Pic 1924 Thorictus irakensis John 1963 Thorictus kabulanus John 1964 Thorictus kandaharicus John 1962 Thorictus karoensis Andreae 1967 Thorictus kaznakovi R. 
 The Foothill Elaenia (Myiopagis olallai) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dysodia zellerii is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family.
 The Steppe wolf (Canis lupus campestris) is a subspecies of grey wolf native to the Caspian steppes the steppe regions of the Caucasus the lower Volga region southern Kazakhstan north to the middle of the Emba the northern Urals and the steppe regions of the lower European part of the former Soviet Union.
 Parnassius stubbendorfi is a high-altitude butterfly found in the Altai Mountains across Central South and Far East Siberia Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands and from Mongolia across North China to West Korea and Japan. It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.The butterfly prefers open habitats in the taiga belt; in the mountains up to the subalpine zone (1000–2000 m.) The flight period is from May–June (June–July at high altitudes).
 Mesocolpia marmorata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 Timbellus lightbourni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Clytoctantes is a South American genus of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. Males are grey or black and females are mainly rufous. The stubby hefty bill has a distinctly upcurved lower mandible and a straight culmen (a large version of the bills of the recurvebills) which possibly is a modification for opening bamboo stems in their search for insects. The two species were feared to be extinct or nearly so until both were rediscovered in 2004.
 Turbonilla orthocostae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Argentine Root Borer (Carmenta haematica) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Ureta in 1956 and is known from Argentina and Chile. Adults are day-flying and have orange (female) or clear (male) wings with a wingspan of 20-24 mm. Adults emerge in late summer and larvae develop during the fall winter and spring.
 Leptostylus trigonus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 The Bornean Ground Cuckoo (Carpococcyx radiceus) is a large terrestrial species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is as suggested by its common name endemic to the island of Borneo being found in the sections belonging to Brunei Malaysia and Indonesia. It is restricted to humid forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Sumatran Ground Cuckoo.
 The Yellow-breasted Antwren (Herpsilochmus axillaris) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Japanese Cormorant (Phalacrocorax capillatus) also known as Temminck's Cormorant is a cormorant native to East Asia. It lives from Taiwan north through Korea and Japan to the Russian Far East.The Japanese Cormorant has a black body with a white throat and cheeks and a partially yellow bill.It is one of the species of cormorant that has been domesticated by fishermen in a tradition known in Japan as ukai (鵜飼). It is called umiu (ウミウ sea cormorant) in Japanese.
 The Cross River bushbaby (Galago cameronensis) is a species of primate in the Galagidae family. It lives in northwestern Camaroon and southeastern Nigeria. Its head and body length is 7 inches with a 10 inch tail.
 Neopseustis meyricki is a species of moth belonging to the family Neopseustidae. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is known from the central highlands of Taiwan where it occurs rather widely at elevations exceeding 1000 meters.The wingspan is 20 mm for males and 20-22 mm for females.
 Aglossosia persimilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Chrysidini is a tribe of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae subfamily Chrysidinae.
 Hyposmocoma nividorsella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 The Kenya Sparrow also known as the Kenya Rufous Sparrow (Passer rufocinctus) is a sparrow found in Kenya and Tanzania. It tends to be found in dry wooded savanna and agricultural areas. Some authorities have lumped the Great Sparrow (P. motitensis) the Kenya Sparrow and the Socotra Sparrow (P. insularis) into P. motitensis following Dowsett and Forbes-Watson (1993). Some authorities also lump Shelley's Sparrow and the Kordofan Sparrow with this species or all three with the Great Sparrow.
 Rhipidomys is a genus of rodents in the family Cricetidae comprising at least 18 species of climbing mouse: Southern Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys austrinus) Cariri Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys cariri) Cauca Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys caucensis) Coues's Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys couesi) Eastern Amazon Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys emiliae) Buff-bellied Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys fulviventer) Gardner's Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys gardneri)(Rhipidomys ipukensis)(Rhipidomys itoan) Broad-footed Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys latimanus) White-footed Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys leucodactylus) MacConnell's Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys macconnelli) Cerrado Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys macrurus) Atlantic Forest Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys mastacalis) Peruvian Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys modicus) Splendid Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys nitela) Yellow-bellied Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys ochrogaster)(Rhipidomys tribei) Venezuelan Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys venezuelae) Charming Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys venustus) Wetzel's Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys wetzeli)↑
 Milgithea suramisa is a species of snout moths in the genus Milgithea. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Grammia complicata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found on south-eastern Vancouver Island and several Gulf Islands of British Columbia and Washington. The habitat consists of dry Garry Oak meadows and sandy beaches.The length of the forewings is 15.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is black with pale buff to yellowish-ochre bands. The hindwings are pale whitish yellow varying to yellow or rarely yellowish orange. The markings are black.
 Aethes confinis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bulgaria Ukraine and the eastern Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 8-9 mm. Adults are on wing in July.
 Carpiodes is a genus of suckers found in North America with these currently recognized species: C. carpio (Rafinesque 1820) (river carpsucker) C. cyprinus (Lesueur 1817) (quillback) C. velifer (Rafinesque 1820) (highfin carpsucker)↑
 The Cypris Morpho (Morpho cypris) is a Neotropical butterfly. It is found in Panama  Costa Rica  Nicaragua Colombia Trinidad and Tobago and Ecuador.Several subspecies and many forms have been described.
 Curveulima indiscreta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Curveulima.
 The Tawny-breasted Myiobius or Tawny-breasted Flycatcher (Myiobius villosus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Panama Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Pygmaeopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hanleya is a genus of polyplacophoran mollusc known from Oligocene and Miocene fossils; it is represented today by a number of species including H. sinica Xu 1990 (China) H. brachyplax (Brazil) and H. hanleyi Bean in Thorpe 1844 (Chile) which feeds on sponges.
 The Grey Fantail (Rhipidura albiscapa) is a small insectivorous bird. A common fantail found in Australia (except western desert areas) New Guinea the Solomon Islands Vanuatu and New Caledonia. The species is considered by many to conspecific with (the same as) the New Zealand Fantail (Rhipidura fuliginosa) however due to differences in its calls some authorities now treat it as a separate species.
 The Crested Guan (Penelope purpurascens) is a member of an ancient group of birds of the Cracidae family which are related to the Australasian mound builders. It breeds in lowlands from south Mexico and the Yucatán Peninsula to western Ecuador and southern Venezuela at up to 1850 m (6070 ft) altitude.The Crested Guan is an arboreal forest species. The substantial twig nest is built in a tree or stump and lined with leaves.
 The Asellidae are a family of isopod crustaceans one of the largest families of freshwater isopods living in both epigean and hypogean habitats in North America and Europe. The family includes these genera:
 Tiranimia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Alphinellus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Alphinellus carinipennis Bates 1885 Alphinellus gibbicollis Bates 1881 Alphinellus minimus Bates 1881 Alphinellus subcornutus Bates 1881↑
 Uranocentrodon is an extinct genus of the family Rhinesuchidae. It is known from a 50 cm skull. Uranocentrodon was a large predator with a length up to 3.75 meters (12 ft).
 Phrynopus boettgeri is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Divaena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The painted ringtail possum or moss-forest ringtail possum (Pseudochirulus forbesi) is a species of marsupial in the Pseudocheiridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 The Samoa sawtooth eel Serrivomer samoensis is a sawtooth eel of the genus Serrivomer found in the southwest Pacific at depths between 500 and 2000 m. Their length is up to 75 cm.
 Glipa subsinuatipennis is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1936.
 The Royal Cinclodes (Cinclodes aricomae) is a passerine bird which breeds in the Andes of south-east Peru and adjacent Bolivia. It was formerly considered to be a subspecies of the Stout-billed Cinclodes C. excelsior. It is 20 cm long and weighs 50 g with a heavy bill and dark chocolate-brown on the body face and crown with whitish mottling and streaking on the breast.This bird has a population of less than 250 and is classified as Critically Endangered.
 Rhomboidederes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Rhomboidederes iuba Galileo & Martins 2010 Rhomboidederes minutus Napp & Martins 1984 Rhomboidederes ocellicollis Zajciw 1963 Rhomboidederes ravidus (Gounelle 1909) Rhomboidederes unicolor (Zajciw 1967)↑
 Aglossosia deceptans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Kenya.
 Villa's gray shrew (Notiosorex villa) is a shrew native to northeastern Mexico where it is called musaraña.
 Buzara feneratrix </small> is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Sundaland and Thailand.
 Eois brasiliensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Oulobophora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Orthotylus creticus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Crete.
 Callidium angustipennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak in 1964.
 Alphacrambus cristatus is a species of the Crambidae family in the genus Alphacrambus. It was described by Bassi in 1995 and is known from Ethiopia.
 Ornativalva plutelliformis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1859. It is found from southern Europe and North Africa east to western Asia (including Turkmenistan and the United Arab Emirates) and China (Xinjiang).The larvae feed on Tamarix species.
 Elachertomorpha is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Iolaus obscura the Obscure Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Namibia. The habitat consists of dry savanna.Adults have been recorded in December.The larvae feed on Plicosepalus kalachariensis.
 Platygillellus is a genus of sand stargazers native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.
 Dendrophilia hetaeropsis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1935. It is found in Indonesia (Java).
 Paraceltitidae is a family of Middle and Upper Permian cephalopods that comprise the earliest of the Ceratitida. Paraceltitidids have variably ribbed discoidally evolute shells with compressed elliptical whorl sections and simple suture lines. Their origin is most likely in the Daraelitidae of the Prolecanitida and they are the apparent source of the Xenodiscidae.
 Hirtomurex winckworthi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Anarsia sciograpta is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found in South Africa.
 Ploiariolini is a tribe of thread-legged bugs comprising 16 genera and 142 described species. Ploiariolini has a worldwide distribution.
 Callichroma cyanomelas is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by White in 1853. It is known from Mexico and Panama.
 The woodland oldfield mouse (Thomasomys hylophilus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 Mitromorpha erycinella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Oxysdonsaurus is an extinct genus of crocodylid crocodilian. Fossils have been found from the Paraná Basin in Argentina that date back to the Oligocene. According to Edward Drinker Cope the generic name is a misspelling of the intended name Oxyodontosaurus. The genus is known only from a single tooth and is thus considered indeterminate.
 Utetheisa vollenhovii is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1890. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Ariusia conspersa is a species of praying mantis in the genus Ariusia in the family Tarachodidae.
 Aglossodes mocquerysi is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossodes. It was described by Leraut in 2009 and is known from Sierra Leone.
 Eleutherodactylus simoteriscus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acalyptris zeyheriae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1980. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Transvaal).The larvae feed on Combretum zeyheri.
 Eriophyes is a genus of acari.Species include:
 In ancient Roman religion and magic the fascinus or fascinum was the embodiment of the divine phallus. The word can refer to the deity himself (Fascinus) to phallus effigies and amulets and to the spells used to invoke his divine protection. Pliny calls it a medicus invidiae a doctor or remedy for envy (invidia a looking upon) or the evil eye.
 Ansonia spinulifer is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and possibly Brunei.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Terinebrica tenebrica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 The Four-Spotted Flounder (Paralichthys oblongus) also called American Four-Spotted Flounder or simply Four-Spot is a flatfish and member of the large-tooth flounder family Paralichthyidae. This species is placed in the genus Hippoglosina by some authorities.
 The Drab Myzomela or Seram Myzomela (Myzomela blasii) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is endemic to the islands of Seram Boano and Ambon in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hylesia nigricans is a species of lepidoptera of the Saturniidae family. It is a nocturnal moth endemic to Argentina and Brazil. It can be found mainly in the north and center of Argentina and the south of Brazil due to climatic factors which favor its reproduction.The female adult can reach an average wingspan of 45 mm.
 Disturbingthepeace (foaled 1998 in California) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse.Bred by Buddy Johnston the owner of Old English Rancho in Sanger California Disturbingthepeace was purchased by David Milch and his wife Rita as in May 2001.
 Cycloprosopus is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.There is only one species in this genus: Cycloprosopus strigifera (Pagenstecher 1907) that is known from Madagascar.
 Agonopterix rimulella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the Russian Far East north-eastern China and Japan.
 Amalda is a genus of medium-sized sea snails a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae the olives.
 Chloantha elbursica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is only known from the Alborz mountains in northern Iran.
 Athrips is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Emmalocera stereosticha is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Elasmaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Russia. It was described by Kramarenko in 1957 and the type species is Elasmaspis speciosa. The type locality was the Dzheron Formation in Siberia.
 Afrixalus orophilus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cypridoidea is a superfamily of ostracods in the suborder Cypridocopina. It is divided into four families – Candonidae Cyprididae Ilyocyprididae and Notodromadidae.
 Eurrhypis sartalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Russia.
 Missulena pruinosa commonly known as the northern mouse spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Actinopodidae native to Australia.
 Musca albina is a widespread Old World species known from dry areas of the Af­rotropical Region North Africa and the Middle East Central Asia India and Sri Lanka. It is a sun-loving species and adults have been found clustering around domestic animals to feed on sweat and other secretions and on their faeces.
 Ethmia phylacops is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 8.3-9.9 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white the costal half from the base to the end of the cell heavily clouded with pale grayish brown followed by two separated spots of the same color in the terminal area. The ground color of the hindwings is white becoming pale ochreous at the apical margin.
 Brasilentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Vaughtia babingtoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Amphicyclotulus amethystinus is a species of tropical land snail with a gill and an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.
 Herminiocala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Megastomia turbiniformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Episcotia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Atelecyclus is a genus of crab in the family Atelecyclidae containing two species:Atelecyclus rotundatus (Olivi 1792)Atelecyclus undecimdentatus (Herbst 1783)↑
 Bactromyiella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Common Mapwing (Cyrestis maenalis) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 The Guadalupe bass (Micropterus treculii) is a rare species of fish endemic to the U.S. state of Texas where it also is the official state fish. It is restricted to creeks and rivers (including the Guadalupe River hence the name Guadalupe bass) and was formerly listed as vulnerable but IUCN currently considers the data insufficient to determine its status. Today most fly fishermen and anglers practice catch-and-release techniques to improve fish populations.
 Peismoceras is a genus of fossil Cephalopoda in the family Lechritrochoceratidae. These nautiloids were fast-moving nektobenthic carnivores. They lived in the Silurian Period from Late Wenlock age (from 428.2 ± 1.5 to 422.9 ± 2.8 mya) to Přídolí Age (from 418.7 ± 1.5 to 416 ± 2.8 mya).
 Scalptia textilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Histricosceptrum atlantis is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Nicetas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lambula contigua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1916. It is found on the Dampier Archipelago.
 Omphalotropis erosa is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Viettesia lucida is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
 Lampronia intermediella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Slovakia and Romania.The wingspan is about 16.5 mm. The forewings are shining yellowish brown with two cream white spots on the termen.The larvae feed on Corylus species. They initially mine the leaves of their host plant. Later they create a case and become vagrant on the forest floor.
 Heliocheilus eodora is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland South Australia and Western Australia. Larvae have been recorded on the seedheads of Eulalia aurea.
 Antistia is a genus in the family Tarachodidae.
 Syricoris is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.The genus Syricoris is sometimes included in the closely related genus Celypha.
 Cyana paramargarethae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Karisch and Dall'Asta in 2010. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda.
 Cupedidae is a small family of beetles notable for the square pattern of windows on their elytra (hard forewings) which gives the family their common name of reticulated beetles.The family consists of about 30 species in nine genera with a Pangean (worldwide) distribution. Many more extinct species are known dating as far back as the Triassic.These beetles tend to be elongate with a parallel-sided body ranging in length from 10 to 20 millimeters with colors brownish blackish or gray.
 Ocrisiodes bamella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ocrisiodes. It was described by Amsel in 1958 and is known from Iran.
 Eupithecia problematicata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Philodoria pipturicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is endemic to Oahu and Maui.The larvae feed on Pipturus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a serpentine gallery but later becomes a blotch. The larva emerges to spin a light brownish cocoon on some convenient surface. The larvae are about 7 mm long and pale yellowish.The pupa is 3 mm long and very pale brownish.
 Gopherus is a genus of tortoises commonly referred to as gopher tortoises. The gopher tortoise is grouped with land tortoises that originated 60 million years ago in North America. A genetic study has shown that their closest relatives are in the Asian genus Manouria.The gopher tortoises live in the southern United States from California's Mojave Desert across to Florida and in parts of northern Mexico.
 Nassipour (1980-1994 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and a Leading sire in Australia. He was bred in Kentucky by the Aga Khan. His sire Blushing Groom was the 1977 European Champion Three-Year-old and the 1989 Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland. Nassipour's dam was Alama a daughter of the very good runner Aureole who was owned by Queen Elizabeth II. Aureole's wins include the 1954 Coronation Cup and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
 Aphelenchida is a moderately large order of nematodes. Aphelenchida have a stylet for feeding and a very prominent median bulb in the oesophagus. They are cosmopolitan. Some are associated with insects and may be ectoparasites or endoparasites or merely use the insect as transport. Others are associated with plants as root stem or leaf parasites which may be pathogenic to the plant or not. Still others are associated with fungi and some are free-living.
 Megachile perihirta commonly known as the Western leafcutting bee is a bee in the genus Megachile. The bee is native to western North America ranging from Nebraska to Texas and Mexico west to California and north to British Columbia and Alberta and often inhabits meadows and orchards. The bee is black with long whitish-yellow hair more so below the thorax and abdomen. The abdomen however is mostly bare although each segment has scattered whitish hair.
 Striosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Striosia irrorata which is found in New Guinea where it is known from Papua and Papua New Guinea.
 Physematia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Paralepidocephalus is a genus of loach endemic to Yunnan China.
 Dindica limatula is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 The Clydonautilidae are Middle and Upper Triassic nautiloid cephalopods which are derivatives of the clydonautlicean family Liroceratidae that have generally smooth involute globular to compressed shells characterized by a suture with prominent lobes and saddles. The family is known to contain five genera' These are: Clydonautilus	Callaionautilus	Cosmonautilus	ProclydonautilusStyrionautilusOf these only Styrionautilus is known from the Middle Triassic.
 Homagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida which existed in what is now north Wales. It was described by Howell in 1935. The genus was originally considered to be Agnostus pisiformis var. obesus (Belt 1867).
 Stigmella floslactella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe except the Balkan Peninsula and the Mediterranean Islands.
 Ethmia ungulatella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found from Panamanorth through Central America to eastern Mexico.The length of the forewings is 8.4-10.4 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white with steel blue-gray spots. The ground color of the hindwings dorsad of the fold is gray but darker toward the distal margins. Adults are on wing in April and May (in Panama) and in July and August (in Mexico). There are possibly multiple generations per year.
 Lobogenesis pectinata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Cryptaspasma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Red-naped Bushshrike or Red-naped Boubou (Laniarius ruficeps) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya and Somalia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Neumann’s gazelle or Erlanger’s gazelle (Gazella erlangeri) is a small dark gazelle with a stout body and short legs. It is described from Saudi Arabia and Yemen.It is considered a threatened species although no recent information is available on wild populations. Some sources consider it a subspecies of the mountain gazelle (Gazella gazella).
 Prognathodes falcifer the northern scythemarked butterflyfish or northern scythe butterflyfish is a species of butterflyfish found at rocky reefs in the tropical easter Pacific where found at depths of 3–270 metres (9.8–885.8 ft) off southern California (La Jolla and Santa Catalina Island) southern Baja California Guadalupe Island San Benito Island and Revillagigedo Islands.
 The beetle subfamily Aulacoscelidinae (sometimes misspelled Aulacoscelinae) is a small uncommonly-encountered group presently classified within the family Orsodacnidae historically placed as a subfamily of Chrysomelidae or sometimes classified as a separate family Aulacoscelidae. There are only 19 species mostly Neotropical in distribution and their larval habits are unknown.
 Chrysallida fischeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 The Reddish-orange Sun-moth (Synemon jcaria) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Victoria.The wingspan is about 35 mm for males and 38 mm for females. Adults have brown forewings each with two white spots. The hindwings are scarlet with brown markings.Adults are on wing from late January to mid March.The larvae feed on Lomandra effusa.
 Odostomia pratoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Macroglossum vidua is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from north-eastern Papua New Guinea.The length of the forewings is about 22 mm. It is similar to Macroglossum glaucoptera Macroglossum corythus luteata and Macroglossum sylvia but recognisable by the dirty grey colour of the underside of the palpus the greyish of the bases of the wing undersides and by the broad antemedian band of the forewing upperside. The head and thorax uppersides have no dark mesial stripe.
 Mordella subbasalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1931.
 Conus tuticorinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Tiger mosquito or forest mosquito Aedes albopictus (Stegomyia albopicta) from the mosquito (Culicidae) family is characterized by its black and white striped legs and small black and white striped body. It is native to the tropical and subtropical areas of Southeast Asia; however in the past couple of decades this species has invaded many countries throughout the world through the transport of goods and increasing international travel.
 Mirzakhania is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Heliaeschna trinervulata is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Tanzania Uganda Zambia and possibly Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Utriculofera aplaga is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in New Guinea and on the Louisiade Archipelago (Rossel Island).
 Megalobulimus is a genus of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Megalobuliminae within the family Strophocheilidae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Megalobulimus is the type genus of the subfamily Megalobuliminae.
 The Brazilian arboreal mouse Rhagomys rufescens is a South American rodent species of the family Cricetidae. It is found in the Atlantic Forest of southeast Brazil often close to bamboo thickets. Formerly believed extinct after no sightings were recorded for over 100 years the species has since been found in four localities. However all of these are forest fragments and ongoing deforestation threatens the species' survival.
 Haematopota pluvialis the Common Horse Fly or 'Notch-horned Cleg Fly' is a species belonging to the family Tabanidae subfamily Tabaninae.This species is present in most of Europe in the Near East and in eastern Palearctic ecozone.The adult females grow up to 12 millimetres (0.47 in) long and can be encountered during the daylight hours from late May through late August. The large compound eyes necessary for locating their preys are brightly colored.
 Aporia hippia is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found in the Amur region Ussuri Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 30-42 mm.The larvae feed on Berberis species including Berberis amurensis and Berberis thunbergi.
 Bebearia chriemhilda is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found along the coasts of Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of coastal forests.Adults are attracted to fermenting fruit.The larvae feed on Hyphaene species
 Eupithecia nigropolata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Latrodectus katipo the katipo is an endangered species of spider native to New Zealand. A member of the genus Latrodectus it is related to the Australian redback spider and the North American black widow spiders. The species is venomous to humans capable of delivering a comparatively dangerous spider bite. Katipo is a Māori name and means night-stinger. It is a small to medium-sized spider with the female having a round black or brown pea-sized body.
 Pyramodon is a genus of pearlfishes with these currently recognized species: Pyramodon lindas Markle & Olney 1990 (blackedge pearlfish) Pyramodon parini Markle & Olney 1990 Pyramodon punctatus (Regan 1914) (dogtooth pearlfish) Pyramodon ventralis H. M. Smith & Radcliffe 1913 (pallid pearlfish)↑
 Hypalastoroides is a neotropical genus of potter wasps with a few nearctic and andean species. It differs from other New World genera by having a petiolate second submarginal cell.
 Tetragonoderus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tetragonoderus aegypticus Jedlicka 1952 Tetragonoderus aericollis Quedenfeldt 1883 Tetragonoderus andrewesi Emden 1934 Tetragonoderus arcuatus Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus assamensis Jedlicka 1964 Tetragonoderus assuanensis Mjuberg 1905 Tetragonoderus babaulti Alluaud 1931 Tetragonoderus bastardi Alluaud 1897 Tetragonoderus bayeri Burgeon 1936 Tetragonoderus bilunatus Klug 1833 Tetragonoderus bivittatus Jeannel 1949 Tetragonoderus chalceus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus chaudoiri Liebke 1928 Tetragonoderus chilensis (Dejean 1831) Tetragonoderus cinchona Jedlicka 1964 Tetragonoderus columbicus Steinheil 1875 Tetragonoderus crux Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus cursor Bates 1886 Tetragonoderus deuvei Shpeley & Ball 2008 Tetragonoderus dilatatus (Wiedemann 1823) Tetragonoderus discopunctatus Chaudoir 1850 Tetragonoderus dispar Peringuey 1892 Tetragonoderus dissimilis (Basilewsky 1955) Tetragonoderus elegans Andrewes 1931 Tetragonoderus eximius Kirsch 1873 Tetragonoderus extremus Bedel 1905 Tetragonoderus fasciatus (Haldeman 1843) Tetragonoderus femoralis (Chaudoir 1876) Tetragonoderus figuratus Dejean 1831 Tetragonoderus fimbriatus Bates 1886 Tetragonoderus flavovittatus C.O.Waterhouse 1881 Tetragonoderus foveicollis Liebke 1951 Tetragonoderus gabonicus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus immaculatus Laferte-Senectere 1853 Tetragonoderus inermis (Jeannel 1949) Tetragonoderus insignicollis Chaudoir 1878 Tetragonoderus insularius Andrewes 1931 Tetragonoderus intermedius Solsky 1874 Tetragonoderus intermixtus Bates 1883 Tetragonoderus interruptus Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus intersectus (Germar 1824)) Tetragonoderus jeanneli Alluaud 1931 Tetragonoderus kaszabi (Basilewsky 1987) Tetragonoderus kuntzeni Burgeon 1936 Tetragonoderus lacordairei Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus laevigatus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus latipennis Leconte 1874 Tetragonoderus leleupi (Basilewsky 1956) Tetragonoderus leprieurii Gory 1833 Tetragonoderus lindemannae Jedlicka 1963 Tetragonoderus lindneri Emden 1935 Tetragonoderus linealis Andrewes 1938 Tetragonoderus lozai Allen 1973 Tetragonoderus luridus Quedenfeldt 1883 Tetragonoderus matilei Ball 2000 Tetragonoderus mexicanus (Chaudoir 1876) Tetragonoderus microthorax Jian & Tian 2009 Tetragonoderus mixtus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus multiguttatus Putzeys 1846 Tetragonoderus nagatomii Jedlicka 1966 Tetragonoderus nakaoi Jedlicka 1966 Tetragonoderus notaphioides Motschulsky 1861 Tetragonoderus obscurus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus omophronides (Chaudoir 1876) Tetragonoderus oxyomus (Chaudoir 1876) Tetragonoderus pallidus G.Horn 1868 Tetragonoderus perrieri Fairmaire 1900 Tetragonoderus pictus (Perty 1830) Tetragonoderus poecilus Bates 1883 Tetragonoderus punctatus (Wiedemann 1823) Tetragonoderus quadriguttatus Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus quadrimaculatus Gory 1833 Tetragonoderus quadrinotatus (Fabricius 1798) Tetragonoderus quadrisignatus (Quensel In Schonherr 1806) Tetragonoderus quadrum (Fabricius 1792) Tetragonoderus rhombophorus Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Tetragonoderus rivularis Erichson 1847 Tetragonoderus sericatus Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus simplex Bates 1883 Tetragonoderus sinuosus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus sivianus Liebke 1951 Tetragonoderus spinifer (Jeannel 1949) Tetragonoderus stephaniae G.Muller 1942 Tetragonoderus sticticus Erichson 1847 Tetragonoderus subfasciatus (Putzeys 1846) Tetragonoderus swahilius Alluaud 1931 Tetragonoderus taeniatus (Wiedemann 1823) Tetragonoderus tesselatus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus tetragrammus Chaudoir 1876 Tetragonoderus thunbergi Crotch 1870 Tetragonoderus toamasinae Alluaud 1896 Tetragonoderus undatus Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus unicolor Gemminger & Harold 1868 Tetragonoderus variegatus Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus variipennis (Chaudoir 1876) Tetragonoderus velutinus Motschulsky 1864 Tetragonoderus viridicollis Dejean 1829 Tetragonoderus viridis (Dejean 1831) ↑
 The glasseye or glass bigeye (Heteropriacanthus cruentatus) is a species of fish found in tropical seas around the globe. It is a member of the bigeye family and the only species in the genus Heteropriacanthus. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 50.7 cm (20.0 in) in length.
 Stegotherium is an extinct genus of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae.
 Wollaston's Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros wollastoni) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It was named after the explorer Sandy Wollaston.
 Trachyrhamphus is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.
 The Nimravidae sometimes known as false saber-toothed cats are an extinct family of mammalian carnivores that was endemic to North America Europe and Asia. Not considered to belong to the true cats (family Felidae) the Nimravidae are generally considered closely related and classified as part of suborder Feliformia.
 Bicyclus anisops the Red-ringed Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of submontane forests above 1300 meters.
 Euroscaptor is a genus of mammal in the Talpidae family. Members are found in China Japan and other countries of South and Southeast Asia.It contains the following eight species to date: Greater Chinese Mole (Euroscaptor grandis) Kloss's Mole (Euroscaptor klossi) Long-nosed Mole (Euroscaptor longirostris) Malaysian Mole (Euroscaptor malayana) Himalayan Mole (Euroscaptor micrura) Japanese Mountain Mole (Euroscaptor mizura) Small-toothed Mole (Euroscaptor parvidens) Euroscaptor subanura ↑ ↑
 Schistophleps subtilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Enterpia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Heinemannia albidorsella is a species of moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in southern France and on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 13–16 mm. Adults are on wing from May to the beginning of June.
 Marginella natalcinerea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Heliogomphus lyratus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Peckhamia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Triplophysa paradoxa is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Tegeolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Coleophora centaureivora is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France and Spain.The larvae feed on the leaves of Centaurea aspera.
 File:The Green-Tailed Emerald (Chlorostilbon alice) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found only in Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Pygora bella is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Turrilatirus nagasakiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Tree-nymph (Idea lynceus) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found in South East Asia.The wingspan is about 135–165 mm.The larvae feed on Aganosma corymbosa.
 Tripteridia latistriga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Borneo. The habitat consists of mountainous areas.
 Schizocypris is a genus of cyprinid fish found in southern and south-western Asia.
 Hypidalia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Eumenogaster pseudosphecia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Micromesistius the blue whitings is a genus of cods.
 The Orange-crowned Warbler (Oreothlypis celata) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family.
 Neniatlanta is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium a sort of sliding door.
 Metacrisia courregesi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Mordellistena longicauda is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1930 by Ray.
 Zungaro is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America with two currently recognized species: Zungaro jahu (H. Ihering 1898) Zungaro zungaro (Humboldt 1821) (gilded catfish)↑
 Cyiza is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1864 and contains the species C. punctalis. It is found in Malaysia.
 Xantho poressa is a species of crab from the Black Sea Mediterranean Sea and parts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean. It is one of four species in the genus Xantho.Juveniles live in Posidonia meadows until their last moult at which point they migrate to the nearest rocky substrate.
 Platyptilia gandaki is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in China.The wingspan is 21-22 mm.
 Bold (1948–1952) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is best remembered for winning the 1951 Preakness Stakes in a long shot victory and for being killed when struck by lightning at the age of four while pastured at his Upperville Virginia farm.
 Paziella primanova is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The genus Hyla is a member of the family of tree frogs (Hylidae). They have a very broad distribution; species can be found in Europe Asia Africa and across the Americas. There were more than 300 described species in this genus but after a major revision of the Hylidae family most of these have been moved to new genera so the genus now only contains 33 species.The genus was established by Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti in 1768.
 Glyphipterix asterias is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in India (Assam).
 Eilema triplaiola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Euagra caerulea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1891. It is found in Ecuador.
 Erythrobatrachus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.
 Nepotilla diaphana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Polyspirella callista is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Elacatinus horsti the Yellowline goby is a species of goby native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
 Anacronicta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Samooidea is a large superfamily in the Grassatores group of harvestmen. It includes around 380 species distributed throughout the tropics. They are characterized by the complex male genitalia with eversible complementary sclerites.The Samooidea are closely related to Zalmoxoidea although the exact relationships are not yet understood.
 Bryomoia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dioryctria erythropasa is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is found from Arizona south along the Mexican Pacific coast to Central America.The wingspan is 23-32 mm. The forewing ground colour is variable but generally with white rnaculations on a background of reddish brown and often heavily shaded with grey. The hindwings vary from light brown to light grey brown.
 The western spotted catshark Asymbolus occiduus is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found only around southwestern Australia at depths of between 100 and 400 m. Its length is up to 60 cm.Reproduction is oviparous.
 Tropidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tropidion abditum Martins 1968 Tropidion acanthonotum (Martins 1962) Tropidion argentina Galileo & Martins 2010 Tropidion atricolle (Martins 1962) Tropidion aurulentum Martins 1971 Tropidion balfourbrownei Martins 1968 Tropidion batesi Martins 1968 Tropidion bituberculatum (Audinet-Serville 1834) Tropidion boliviensis Galileo & Martins 2010 Tropidion breviusculum (Thomson 1867) Tropidion brunniceps (Thomson 1865) Tropidion calciope (Thomson 1867) Tropidion carinicolle (Bates 1872) Tropidion castaneum Martins 1968 Tropidion centrale (Martins 1962) Tropidion cinctulum (Bates 1870) Tropidion citrinum Martins 1968 Tropidion contortum Martins 1968 Tropidion cruentum Martins & Napp 1986 Tropidion ecoparaba Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion elegans (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion enochrum Martins 1968 Tropidion epaphum (Berg 1889) Tropidion erythrurum (Martins 1962) Tropidion extraordinarium Martins & Galileo 1999 Tropidion fairmairei (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion fernandezi Joly 1991 Tropidion festivum (Martins 1962) Tropidion flavipenne (Martins 1964) Tropidion flavipes (Thomson 1867) Tropidion flavum (Martins 1962) Tropidion fuscipenne (Gounelle 1913) Tropidion hermione (Thomson 1867) Tropidion hispidum Martins 1971 Tropidion igneicolle (Martins 1962) Tropidion inerme (Martins 1962) Tropidion intermedium (Martins 1962) Tropidion investitum (Martins 1962) Tropidion iuba Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion kjellanderi (Martins 1965) Tropidion lepidum Martins 1971 Tropidion litigiosum Martins 1968 Tropidion mirabile Martins 1971 Tropidion nordestinum (Martins 1962) Tropidion obesum Martins 1968 Tropidion ochraceum Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion periboeoides (Thomson 1867) Tropidion persimile (Martins 1960) Tropidion personatum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion pictipenne (Martins 1962) Tropidion pinima Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion praecipuum Martins 1971 Tropidion pubicolle Martins & Napp 1986 Tropidion pulvinum Martins 1968 Tropidion pusillum (Martins 1960) Tropidion rubricatum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion rusticum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion salamis (Thomson 1867) Tropidion semirufum Martins 1968 Tropidion signatum (Audinet-Serville 1834) Tropidion silvestre (Martins 1965) Tropidion sipolisi (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion subcruciatum (White 1855) Tropidion supernotatum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion tendyra Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion tymauna Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion validum (Martins 1962) Tropidion vianai Martins 1971 Tropidion vicinum (Gounelle 1913) Tropidion xanthocele (Martins 1962) Tropidion zonapterum (Martins 1962)↑
 Tokosaurus is an extinct genus of parareptile from the Late Permian of Russia. It was classified as an anthracosaur amphibian of uncertain phylogenetic position by Carroll (1988). However subsequent phylogenetic studies indicate that it was actually a parareptile closely related to nycteroleterids and pareiasaurs. Tsuji Müller and Reisz (2012) considered Tokosaurus perforatus to be a junior synonym of Macroleter poezicus.
 Masuzoa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Masuzoa baicalensis Shilenkov & Anichtchenko 2008 Masuzoa notabilis Ueno 1960 Masuzoa ussuriensis Lafer 1989↑
 Hypopyra spermatophora is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 Phassus basirei is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Mexico.
 The Black-masked Finch (Coryphaspiza melanotis) is a species of bird traditionally placed in the Emberizidae family but it may be more closely related to the Thraupidae. Its current family status is incertae sedis.
 Cheungbeia mindanensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Praealticus dayi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian ocean.
 Augustaea is a genus of jumping spiders. The single described species Augustaea formicaria is only found in Singapore.Szombathy described both sexes of this ant-like species with both about six millimeters long and put them close to Agorius. His drawings suggest that A. formicaria might belong to Orsima. However no study was published on it since its first description in 1915.
 Forestia is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Forestia abrolhensis (Montgomery 1931) Forestia depressa (White 1848) Forestia pascua Garth 1985 Forestia scabra (Odhner 1925)The name Forestia commemorates the French carcinologist Jacques Forest.
 Calyptra gruesa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has been found in China. C. gruesa has a wingspan range of 25 to 29 millimetres (0.98 to 1.14 in).
 Spiramiopsis is a genus of moths in the Brahmaeidae family. It contains the single species Spiramiopsis comma which is found in South Africa.
 Dacalana irmae [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines and found only on Sibuyan Island. The forewing length is 17.5-20mm.
 Egyngolia is a genus of very small sized trilobites that lived during the Lower Cambrian (Atdabanian to Botomian) in what are today the Russia Federation (Siberian Platform Dzhagdy Mountains) Mongolia and South Australia.
 Draco is a genus of agamid lizards that also are known as flying dragons. The ribs and their connecting membrane may be extended to create a wing the hindlimbs are flattened and wing-like in cross-section and a small set of flaps on the neck serve as a horizontal stabilizers. Draco are arboreal insectivores. While not capable of powered flight they often obtain lift in the course of their gliding flights.
 Violet Opal (Chrysoritis violescens) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family found only in South Africa.The wingspan is 26–30 mm for males and 30–38 mm for females. Flight period is from August to December.The larvae feed on Dimorphotheca cuneata. They are attended to by Crematogaster peringueyi ants.
 Sargus flavipes the yellow-legged centurion is a European species of soldier fly.
 Methona confusa common name Giant Glasswing is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Sigapatella superstes is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae.
 Frammia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now Canada. It was described by Holtedahl in 1914 and the type species is Frammia dissimilis. It also contains the species F. bachae. The type locality was the Douro Formation in Nunavut.
 Eois impletaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Mysol and Bali.
 Loxolexis hollandi Holland’s Scarce Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia. The habitat consists of wetter forests.The larvae feed on Strophanthus sarmentosus.
 Ungulites is an extinct genus of prehistoric nautiloid. The nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species.
 The Tasmanian whitebait or Derwent whitebait Lovettia sealii is an osmeriform fish of the family Galaxiidae found only in Tasmania Australia. It grows to a length of up to 8 cm. It is an anadromous fish found in fresh brackish and marine water. Lovettia sealii is the single species of its genus Lovettia.
 The Fiji banded iguana (Brachylophus fasciatus) is an arboreal species of lizard endemic to some of the southeastern Fijian islands. It is found in Tonga where it was probably introduced by humans. It is one of the few species of iguanas found outside of the New World and one of the most geographically isolated members of the family Iguanidae.
 Obesotoma gigantea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Eupalamides cyparissias is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is widespread in the Amazon basin including Peru Colombia Ecuador Venezuela Brazil the Guianas and north to Panama.The wingspan is 140-180 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Elaeis guineensis Cocos nucifera Mauritia carana Mauritiella peruviana Astrocaryum murumuru and Astrocaryum javarense and are considered a major pest to economically important palm species. The larvae are 110-130 mm long.
 The Yellow-crowned Barbet (Megalaima henricii) is a species of bird in the Ramphastidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bucculatrix ptochastis is a moth of the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Mesembriornis is a genus of intermediate-sized phorusrhacids that grew up to 1.5 metres in height. They represent a well-distinct lineage of terror birds differing from the massive large groups and the smaller Psilopterinae. In general proportions they most resembled the Patagornithinae which flourished somewhat earlier mainly to the south of the range of Mesembriornis.Two species are nowadays accepted Mesembriornis incertus and Mesembriornis milneedwardsi.
 Atiaia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Atiaia consobrina (Gahan 1892) Atiaia testaceicornis (Melzer 1923)↑
 The Corallinoideae are a subfamily of Coralline alga. All its genera are geniculate.
 Quasipenetretus berezovskii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Quasipenetretus.
 Ancistroides is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Satyr Emperor or Satyr Charaxes (Charaxes ethalion) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in southern Africa.The wingspan is 45–55 mm in males and 50–63 mm in females.Larvae feed on Albizia spp. Peltophorum africanum Dichrostachys cinerea Acacia ataxacantha and Scutia myrtina.
 Mordellistena tarsalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Smith in 1883.
 Cyana grandis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.This species is white with 3 transversal red lines on the forewings. The wingspan is 48 millimetres (1.9 in).
 Graphium monticolus commonly known as the Sulawesi Blue Triangle is a butterfly of the family Papilionidae that is found in Sulawesi.
 Hypersypnoides formosensis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 50mm.
 The White-crowned Sparrow (Zonotrichia leucophrys) is a medium-sized sparrow native to North America.
 Dapanoptera is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Darantasia cyanifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Gymnotrachelus hydei is a large selenosteid arthrodire placoderm known from the Late Famennian Cleveland Shales of Ohio. It was originally reconstructed as physically resembling Selenosteus with slightly smaller orbits (i.e. having a broad box-like head). Later specimens lead to a reappraisal and now G. hydei is thought to have a more gar-like or barracuda-like build.
 Brass Hat (foaled May 22 2001 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is out of the mare Brassy and sired by Prized winner of the 1989 Breeders' Cup Turf and a son of the highly successful sire Kris S.Bred and raced by Fred F. Bradley of Frankfort Kentucky Brass Hat is trained by his son William Buff Bradley. After a successful three-year-old season in 2004 Brass Hat won once in two starts in 2005. In 2006 he won two of four starts.
 The Salt and Pepper Looper or Angulated Cutworm (Syngrapha rectangula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Newfoundland Quebec Northern Ontario to Manitoba New Jersey Northern Pennsylvania Southern Michigan Northern Wisconsin North Carolina Virginia British Columbia Alberta Montana North Idaho and the Cascades (Washington and Oregon).The wingspan is 32–35 mm.
 The pearly razorfish or cleaver wrasse Xyrichtys novacula is a species of wrasse. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and is popular as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Uropterygius is a genus of moray eels in the family Muraenidae.
 Alaena ochracea is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Malawi (from the southern part of the country to the Shire Highlands). The habitat consists of the fringes of submontane evergreen forests.
 Eilema lepta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines.
 The Curve-billed Scythebill (Campylorhamphus procurvoides) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Porthecla prietoi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Colombia and western Ecuador at altitudes between 1000 and 2200 meters.The length of the forewings is 19 mm for males and 19 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round.
 Quadrigyridae is the only family within Gyracanthocephala an order of parasitic worms of class Eoacanthocephala. This family contains two subfamilies ten genera and about 92 species.
 The swollen-headed conger eel Bassanago bulbiceps is a conger of the family Congridae found on continental slopes around southern Australia and New Zealand. Its length is between 40 and 60 cm.
 Metarctia heinrichi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in Angola.
 Phyllabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Symphodus melanocercus is a species of wrasse native to coastal waters throughout the Mediterranean Sea and the Sea of Marmara. It prefers areas with rocks or eelgrass at depths from 1 to 25 m (3.3 to 82.0 ft). This species can reach 14 cm (5.5 in) in total length though most do not exceed 11 cm (4.3 in). It is occasionally taken in artisanal fisheries.
 Scopula polystigmaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kashmir.
 Ctenoberta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Amata polidamon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1779. It is found in South Africa.
 Powelliphanta rossiana known as Ross' land snail is a species of large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae. This species is endemic to the South Island of New Zealand.
 The back-striped weasel (Mustela strigidorsa) also called the stripe-backed weasel is a weasel found in Southeastern Asia that is listed as Least Concern by IUCN in view of its wide distribution presumed large population occurrence in a number of protected areas apparent tolerance to some degree of habitat modification and hunting pressure.
 The broken-banded leafroller or dark-banded fireworm (Choristoneura fractivittana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family.
 Hellinsia punctata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Haut-Katanga).
 Heliozela sobrinella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Deventer in 1904. It is found on Java.
 Blue Girl (1899—1919) was an American Thoroughbred racemare that was the Champion 2 and 3-year old female in 1901 and 1902 respectively.
 Asura luzonica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Philippines (Luzon).
 Scolioplecta araea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Queensland and the Northern Territory.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are whitish with some fine fuscous strigulae. The hindwings are pale-grey.
 Hydroscapha is a genus of beetle endemic to Europe and the United States.
 Amblypharyngodon is a genus of fishes in the family Cyprinidae.
 Eupithecia nabagulensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Tenodera aridifolia aridifolia is a subspecies in the species Tenodera aridifolia of the genus Tenodera.
 Ozyptila praticola is a species of crab spider found throughout Europe and the Middle East. Females reach up to 4 mm males grow up to 3 mm. Both sexes are of a dark reddish brown. It hunts primarily in the undergrowth but can also be found under the bark or on the lower branches of trees. This is also where the female deposits and guards its egg sac. Adults can be found most of the year especially in northern parts of Ixnaowpel.
 Abisara saturata is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Asia.
 The Peninsula Skolly (Thestor yildizae) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is only found on the high slopes of the Cape Peninsula Mountains in the West Cape. The wingspan is 25–32 mm for males and 28-36.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late November to early February. There is one generation per year.Larvae have been found in the nests of the Pugnacious Ant Anoplepsis custodiens but the larval food is unknown.
 The Reichenow's Seedeater (Serinus reichenowi) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Black-throated Canary.
 Elattoneura frenulata is a damselfly species in the family Protoneuridae. It is commonly known as the sooty threadtail. Elattoneura frenulata is called the sooty threadtail because it is very dark in color.This species can be found in some of the countries in Africa
 Maoritenes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Metalopha liturata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread but local in the Near East and Middle East from the Levant area to the western Himalayas (Turkey Iran Turkmenistan Afghanistan Iraq Syria Jordan and Israel).Adults are on wing from March to May. There is one generation per year.
 Homoeosoma fornacella is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It is found in Australia.
 Miscera androgyna is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 Paregaploa conviva is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paregaploa.
 Cochylimorpha arenosana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in northern Mongolia and Russia (Tuva). The habitat consists of sand dunes.
 Harpalus honestus is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) and the Near East.
 Calamidia hirta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia from Queensland to Tasmania.
 Ercheia cyllaria is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Indian subregion Taiwan Japan Indochina Thailand Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo Seram and the Kai Islands.The larvae feed on Asparagus Brassica Dalbergia and Grewia species.
 War Pass (April 17 2005–December 24 2010) was an American champion Thoroughbred racehorse and winner of the 2007 Breeders' Cup Juvenile. Owned by Robert V. LaPenta and bred by Cherry Valley Farm he was out of the mare Vue a daughter of the influential Champion sire Mr. Prospector. He was sired by the 1994 Breeders' Cup Sprint winner Cherokee Run a descendant of the very important sire Nearco.
 Congothrissa gossei or the Smoothbelly pellonuline is a herring relative that occurs in the Congo River system of Africa. It is the only member of its genus.
 Synodontis leoparda is a species of catfish of the family Mochokidae.
 Phyllocnistis unipunctella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe.The wingspan is 7–8 mm. Adults are on wing in July and from September onwards sometimes overwintering in haystacks.The larvae feed on Populus balsmifera Populus x canadensis Populus candicans Populus deltoides Populus euphratica Populus gileadensis Populus nigra Populus simonii Populus suaveolens and Populus trichocarpa. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Eleutherodactylus truebae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Longboat (24 March 1981 – ca. 1997) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. A specialist over extreme distances who produced his best form on fast ground he completed the Stayers' Triple Crown in 1986 when he won the Ascot Gold Cup Goodwood Cup and Doncaster Cup. In all he won nine of his eighteen races between October 1983 and September 1986 with his other major wins coming in the Alycidon Stakes Sagaro Stakes and Henry II Stakes.
 Cadurca is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Speciosa (foaled 28 April 2003) is an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from June 2005 and October 2007 she ran seventeen times and won four races. As a two-year-old she won two of her six races including an upset win in the Group Two Rockfel Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse. As a three-year-old she won the Nell Gwyn Stakes and then took the Classic 1000 Guineas for her trainer and part owner Pam Sly.
 Cuproxena neonereidana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Deuterocopus planeta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found from India through south-east Asia and the Indonesian Archipelago.The wingspan is 10–11 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on the flowers of Leea sambucina.
 Leucanopsis orooca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Bolivia and Argentina.
 Sundagrapha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Smeringocera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Smeringocera baenningeri Liebke 1929 Smeringocera convexa Mateu 1966 Smeringocera gestroi Alluaud 1914 Smeringocera lineola (Dejean 1831) Smeringocera mashuna (Peringuey 1896) Smeringocera nigeriana Liebke 1938↑
 Ailuropoda is the only extant genus in the ursid (bear) subfamily Ailuropodinae. It contains one living and four fossil species of giant panda.Only one species—Ailuropoda melanoleuca—currently exists; the other four species are prehistoric chronospecies.
 Rexichthys johnpaxtoni the Paxton's escolar is a species of snake mackerel found in the western Pacific Ocean from around Australia and New Caledonia where it is found at depths of from 270 to 470 metres (890 to 1540 ft). This species grows to a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Glyphipterix japonicella is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Zeller in 1877. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 12–16 mm.
 Paradoxosomatidae the only family in the suborder Paradoxosomatidea is a hugely speciose family of flat-backed millipedes under the order Polydesmida containing 178 genera and approximately 880 species as of 2010. The family is characterised by a gonopod aperture in the shape of a dumb-bell.Notable groups within the Paradoxosomatidae include the so-called dragon millipedes of Southeast Asia and the widely introduced Greenhouse Millipede Oxidus gracilis.
 Isolaboides is a genus of earwigs the sole member of the subfamily Isolaboidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India.
 Sinployea kusaieana is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Canis lepophagus the hare-eating wolf or Johnston's coyote is an extinct species of canid which was endemic to much of North America and lived from the Miocene epoch through Early Pleistocene 10.3—1.8 Mya. The species existed for about 8.5 million years. It is one of the more basal species of Canis having existed before most of the major clades split. It was a small narrow-skulled canid which may have given rise to grey wolves and coyotes. Some larger broader-skulled C.
 Astylosternus diadematus is a species of frog in the Astylosternidae family.It is found in Cameroon and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sombrerella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Mithakaspis is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm. Its fossils have been found in Craven Peak Beds Australia.
 The Birch Dagger Moth (Acronicta betulae) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New Hampshire to Florida west to Texas north to Wisconsin.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing from March to May and from August to September in two generations.The larvae feed on the leaves of birch possibly exclusively Betula nigra.
 Psammaechidius spinicollis is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae the only species in the genus Psammaechidius.
 Cricetulus is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae (voles and hamsters). It has seven member species. They inhabit arid or semi-arid regions in Eurasia. They tend to be more ratlike in appearance than typical hamsters hence the common name ratlike hamster.Members of the genera Allocricetulus Tscherskia and Cansumys are often called ratlike hamsters and are considered to be members of the genus Cricetulus by many authorities.
 Crepidula depressa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and hat snails.
 Neopolyptychus ancylus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nigeria to the Ivory Coast and Guinea.The wingspan is 28–33 mm for males and 32–35 mm for females.
 Rhysoconcha variumbilicata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Gryposcleroma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Lissopholidisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Aloposauroides is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Diaxanthia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Diaxanthia lucinia which is found in Costa Rica.
 Aethria hampsoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1902. It is found in Venezuela.
 Ophichthus mystacinus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 1999.
 Exoristini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Anopinella araguana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The length of the forewings is 7-9 mm.
 Copelatus glyphicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Say in 1823.
 Caloptilia ferruginella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The larvae feed on Rhododendron occidentale. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf later the larva rolls the leaf from the tip down into a cone.
 The dusky leaf monkey spectacled langur or spectacled leaf monkey (Trachypithecus obscurus) is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is found in Malaysia Burma and Thailand.There are several subspecies of this lutung:Trachypithecus obscurus obscurusTrachypithecus obscurus flavicaudaTrachypithecus obscurus haloniferTrachypithecus obscurus carboTrachypithecus obscurus styxTrachypithecus obscurus seimundiTrachypithecus obscurus sactorum
 Bolma rugosa is a species of large sea snail with a calcareous operculum a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Mongolicosa gobiensis is a species of wolf spider only known from a single female collected in Khürmen district Ömnögovi Province Mongolia.This spider 6.8 mm in length has a blackish-brown carapace and a dark grey sparsely hairy abdomen. The legs have pale banding.
 The Margay (Leopardus wiedii) is a spotted cat native to the Americas. Named after Prince Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied it is a solitary and nocturnal animal that prefers remote sections of the rainforest. Although it was once believed to be vulnerable to extinction the IUCN now lists it as Near Threatened. It roams the rainforests from Mexico to Argentina. They are hunted mainly for their fur and this has resulted in a large population decrease - around 14000 are killed a year.
 Asura hilaris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka and on Java.
 The beetle subfamily Megalopodinae is the largest group within the family Megalopodidae.
 Chant (foaled 1891 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1894 Kentucky Derby Phoenix Stakes and Clark Handicap. He was related through his damsire King Alfonso to Kentucky Derby winners Fonso (1880) and Joe Cotton (1885) and through his sire Falsetto to His Eminence (1901) and Sir Huon (1906).Chant was sold in September 1894 to Charles Head Smith for $5100 at auction when Leigh & Rose dissolved their partnership.
 The Przevalski's Partridge or Rusty-necklaced Partridge (Alectoris magna) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.It is found only in China.The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Russian explorer Nikolai Przhevalsky.
 Bersan (1882-1904) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. He was foaled in Kentucky and bred by Frank B. Harper who also owned his sire Ten Broeck and dam Sallie M. Green B. Morris purchased Bersan as a yearling for $10000.Trained by Morris as a three-year-old Bersan was one of the best Thoroughbreds racing in the United States. He ran second to Joe Cotton in the 1885 Kentucky Derby and won the Phoenix Hotel Stakes Clark Handicap Latonia Derby and Travers Stakes among others.
 The pygmy elimia scientific name †Elimia pygmaea was a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 Frisch’s Case-moth or Clover Case-bearer (Coleophora frischella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe east to the eastern parts of the Palearctic ecozone. It is also present in the Near East.It is indistinguishable of Coleophora alcyonipennella from which it is separable only by dissection.The wingspan is 11.5–14.5 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and in August. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on the seeds of various Trifolium species.
 Delichon is a small genus of passerine birds that belongs to the swallow family and contains three species named as house martins. These are chunky bull-headed and short-tailed birds blackish-blue above with a contrasting white rump and with white or grey underparts. They have feathering on the toes and tarsi that is characteristic of this genus. The house martins are closely related to other swallows that build mud nests particularly the Hirundo barn swallows.
 Ytu is a genus of beetles in the family Torridincolidae containing the following species: Ytu angra Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu artemis Reichardt 1973 Ytu athena Reichardt 1973 Ytu brutus Spangler 1980 Ytu cleideae Vanin 1991 Ytu cupidus Reichardt 1973 Ytu cuyaba Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu demeter Reichardt 1973 Ytu godayi Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu hephaestus Reichardt 1973 Ytu itati Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu mirandus Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu mirim Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu morpheus Reichardt 1973 Ytu phebo Reichardt 1973 Ytu reichardti Vanin 1978 Ytu yaguar Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu ysypo Reichardt & Vanin 1977 Ytu zeus Reichardt 1973↑
 Purpuriconus belizeanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully.
 Epimorius testaceellus is a species of snout moths in the genus Epimorius. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Jamaica.
 Numidotherium (Numidia beast) is an extinct genus of early proboscidean discovered in 1984 that lived during the middle Eocene some 46 million years ago of North Africa weight 200 kilograms.The type species N. koholense is known from an almost complete skeleton from the site of El Kohol southern Algeria dating from the early/middle Eocene period. The animal had the size and the appearance of a modern tapir.
 Clionella bornii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Linnaemyini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Yuhbae is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Pantosaurus (all lizard) is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Jurassic (Oxfordian) of what is now Wyoming. It lived in what used to be the Sundance Sea. It was originally named Parasaurus (near lizard) by Othniel Charles Marsh in reference to Plesiosaurus but that name was preoccupied and Marsh changed it. The species Muraenosaurus reedii is in fact a junior synonym of Pantosaurus.
 Neofaculta is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae. It consists of the following species:Neofaculta ericetellaNeofaculta infernella
 Plakinidae is a family of marine sponges composed of five genera: Corticium Schmidt 1862 Corticium acanthastrum Thomas 1968 Corticium bargibanti Lévi & Lévi 1983 Corticium candelabrum Schmidt 1862 Corticium niger Pulitzer-Finali 1996 Corticium quadripartitum Topsent 1923 Corticium simplex Lendenfeld 1907 Placinolopha Topsent 1897 Placinolopha acantholopha (Thomas 1970) Placinolopha bedoti Topsent 1897 Placinolopha europae Vacelet & Vasseur 1971 Placinolopha moncharmonti (Sarà 1960) Placinolopha sarai Lévi & Lévi 1989 Placinolopha spinosa Kirkpatrick 1900 Plakina Schulze 1880 Plakina atka Lehnert Stone & Heimler 2005 Plakina australis (Gray 1867) Plakina bioxea Green & Bakus 1994 Plakina bowerbanki (Sarà 1960) Plakina brachylopha Topsent 1927 Plakina corticioides Vacelet Vasseur & Lévi 1976 Plakina corticolopha Lévi & Lévi 1983 Plakina crypta Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina dilopha Schulze 1880 Plakina elisa (de Laubenfels 1936) Plakina endoumensis Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina fragilis Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakina jamaicensis Lehnert & van Soest 1998 Plakina jani Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina microlobata Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakina monolopha Schulze 1880 Plakina pacifica Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakina reducta (Pulitzer-Finali 1983) Plakina tanaga Lehnert Stone & Heimler 2005 Plakina tetralopha (Hechtel 1965) Plakina tetralophoides Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina topsenti (Pouliquen 1972) Plakina trilopha Schulze 1880 Plakina versatilis (Schmidt 1880) Plakina weinbergi Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakinastrella Schulze 1880 Plakinastrella ceylonica (Dendy 1905) Plakinastrella clathrata Kirkpatrick 1900 Plakinastrella clippertonensis Van Soest Kaiser & Van Syoc 2011 Plakinastrella copiosa Schulze 1880 Plakinastrella mammillaris Lendenfeld 1907 Plakinastrella microspiculifera Moraes & Muricy 2003 Plakinastrella minor (Dendy 1916) Plakinastrella mixta Maldonado 1992 Plakinastrella onkodes Uliczka 1929 Plakinastrella oxeata Topsent 1904 Plakinastrella polysclera Lévi & Lévi 1989 Plakinastrella trunculifera Topsent 1927 Plakortis Schulze 1880 Plakortis albicans Cruz-Barraza & Carballo 2005 Plakortis angulospiculatus (Carter 1882) Plakortis bergquistae Muricy 2011 Plakortis communis Muricy 2011 Plakortis copiosa Pulitzer-Finali 1993 Plakortis erythraena Lévi 1958 Plakortis fromontae Muricy 2011 Plakortis galapagensis Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakortis halichondrioides (Wilson 1902) Plakortis hooperi Muricy 2011 Plakortis insularis Moraes & Muricy 2003 Plakortis japonica (Hoshino 1977) Plakortis kenyensis Pulitzer-Finali 1993 Plakortis lita de Laubenfels 1954 Plakortis microrhabdifera Moraes & Muricy 2003 Plakortis nigra Lévi 1953 Plakortis quasiamphiaster Díaz & van Soest 1994 Plakortis simplex Schulze 1880 Plakortis zyggompha (de Laubenfels 1934)↑
 The Yellow-crowned Amazon or Yellow-crowned Parrot (Amazona ochrocephala) is a species of parrot native to the tropical South America and Panama. The taxonomy is highly complex and the Yellow-headed (A. oratrix) and Yellow-naped Amazon (A. auropalliata) are sometimes considered subspecies of the Yellow-crowned Amazon. Except in the taxonomic section the following deals only with the nominate group (including subspecies xantholaema nattereri and panamensis).
 The Disjunct Looper (Polychrysia morigera) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. In the east of North America it is found in the Mississippi Missouri and Ohio river valleys from Pennsylvania to Tennessee. In the Rocky Mountains it is found from Montana to Colorado and on the west coast it occurs from Oregon to northern California. It is the rarest of the North American Plusiinae species.The wingspan is 28-31 mm.
 Protodeltote inexpectata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Japan.The length of the forewings is 10–12 mm. The forewings are dark brown sparsely mixed with white fuscous and rufous. The hindwings are cupreous brown.
 Hylettus stigmosus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monné in 1982 and is known from southeastern Brazil.
 Gray's Grasshopper Warbler (Locustella fasciolata) also known as Gray's Warbler is a species of grass warbler in the family Locustellidae; it was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.The Sakhalin Grasshopper Warbler was formerly considered conspecific.
 Heliura hagmanni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1931. It is found in Brazil.
 The Molomo Copper (Aloeides molomo) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Africa.The wingspan is 22–33 mm for males and 24–35 mm for females. Adults are on wing from August to December and from March to April. There are two generations per year.The larvae of ssp. krooni feed on Sida ovata.
 Melittia xanthogaster is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Kenya.
 Temnora radiata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from West Africa to Angola.It is similar to Temnora mirabilis but lacks the continuous evenly curved pale postmedian line on the forewing upperside.
 Carabus marietti balboi is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Branta rhuax is an extinct goose or large gooselike bird that used to live in the Hawaiian Islands. It is was initially described into the sole genus Geochen but assigned to Branta by Storrs L. Olson in 2013 after reexamination of the subfossil material.
 Binaghites is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Binaghites affinis (Baudi di Selva 1871) Binaghites armellinii (Ganglbauer 1900) Binaghites grajus (Jeannel 1937) Binaghites subalpinus (Baudi di Selve 1871)↑
 The Wattled Ibis (Bostrychia carunculata) is a species of bird in the Threskiornithidae family. It is endemic to the Ethiopian highlands and is found only in Ethiopia and Eritrea.
 Dorylus gribodoi is a West African species of army ants in the genus Dorylus.
 Copadichromis quadrimaculatus is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Ctenane is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family. The genus was previously included in the Lithosiinae subfamily.
 The Red-headed Macaw or Jamaican Green-and-yellow Macaw (Ara erythrocephala) may have been a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family that lived in Jamaica but its existence is hypothetical. Rothschild based it on a description which a Mr.
 Phaneta pauperana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of central and southern Europe.The wingspan is 12–17 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May.The larvae feed on Rosa canina.
 The Ash-breasted Tit-Tyrant (Anairetes alpinus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Pinion-streaked Snout (Schrankia costaestrigalis) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe. The species closely resembles Crambidae or Pyralidae species.The wingspan is 16–22 mm. The length of the forewings is 9–11 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous and woody plants.
 Fisher's seahorse (Hippocampus fisheri) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family. It is found in the Hawaiian islands possibly Australia and possibly New Caledonia.
 The Guadalupe Junco (Junco hyemalis insularis) is a bird endemic to Guadalupe Island off Pacific Mexico. It is often considered a subspecies of the Dark-eyed Junco for example by the IUCN and BirdLife International which lump these taxa. Other sources treat it as a distinct species Junco insularis.
 Ctenella is a genus of stony coral (Scleractinia) in the family Meandrinidae. The corals in this genus are massive corals with meandering valleys between the calyces which have solid non-porous walls and fine evenly spaced solid septae. They are found in the Indian Ocean Red Sea and Mediterranean Sea.
 Amorphoscelis rufula is a species of praying mantis native to Borneo.
 Conus aphrodite is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Hypopyra capensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. This moth species is commonly found in Africa ranging from Sierra Leone South Africa Zaire Swaziland to Zambia.
 Cerithidea obtusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae. The Obtuse Horn Shell also known as Mud Creeper is a relatively common snail found in muddy coastal areas. It grows to around 5-6 cm. It is used as food in Southeast Asia where it is known by the name Siput Sedut or Belitung.
 Lintneria merops is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from western South America including Venezuela to Mexico Belize Guatemala Nicaragua Honduras and Costa Rica.The wingspan is 103–122 mm. Adults have been recorded from April to January in Costa Rica.The larvae feed on Lantana camara and probably other Verbenaceae species. The third instar has a dermal crest and yellow eye-spots on the sides. There are two black eye-spots on the last two instars.
 Caloptilia cruzorum is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Galápagos Islands.The larvae feed on Galactia species probably Galactia striata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Eulepidotis norduca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Mexico.
 Globodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species Globodynerus globosus.
 The Kutubu tandan (Oloplotosus torobo) is a species of fish in the Plotosidae family. It is endemic to Lake Kutubu in the Kikori River system Papua New Guinea.
 Lypha is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The upland chorus frog (Pseudacris feriarum) is a species of chorus frog found in the United States. It was recently separated from the Western chorus frog (Pseudacris triseriata) being identified as an individual species rather than a subspecies.
 Pascula ferruginosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Nautilus cookanum is an extinct species of nautilus. It lived during the Eocene epoch. N. cookanum has been grouped into a single taxon together with extant species based on their shared shell characters. Fossils of the species from the Late Eocene Hoko River Formation are noted as one of the two oldest occurrences for the genus.
 The Chestnut-bellied Euphonia (Euphonia pectoralis) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family. It was formerly placed with the related Thraupidae. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The Black-throated Euphonia (Euphonia vittata) is now thought to be a hybrid between the Chestnut-bellied Euphonia and the Orange-bellied Euphonia.
 Pyrois is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Amorbia knudsoni is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in western Texas where it is found at altitudes between 1700 to 1900 meters.The length of the forewings is 12–14.5 mm for males and 14–15 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellow. The basal median and postmedian fascia are light brown. The hindwings are straw yellow. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to August.
 Pleuroploca granosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The sand tiger shark (Carcharias taurus) grey nurse shark spotted ragged-tooth shark or blue-nurse sand tiger is a species of shark that inhabits subtropical and temperate waters worldwide. It inhabits the continental shelf from sandy shorelines (hence the name sand tiger shark) and submerged reefs to a depth of around 191 m (627 ft). They dwell in the waters of Japan Australia South Africa the Mediterranean and the east coasts of North and South America.
 Felis chaus affinis is a subspecies of the jungle cat that inhabits the Himalayan region ranging from Kashmir and Nepal to Sikkim and Yunnan.Thomas Hardwicke’s collection of illustrations of Indian wildlife comprises the first drawing of a Himalayan jungle cat which the British zoologist John Edward Gray named the Allied cat Felis affinis in 1830.In the 1930s the British zoologist Pocock reviewed the Natural History Museum's jungle cat skins and skulls from British India and adjacent countries. 
 Mecopus bispinosus is a species of true weevil family.
 The Orange-breasted Bunting (Passerina leclancherii) is a species of bird in the Cardinalidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is more abundant in second growth than in undisturbed forest. The species was introduced to Oahu in 1941 but did not persist and was extirpated by 1952.
 Problepsis shirozui is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Auratonota mimstigmosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Western Cordillera in Colombia.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish gold the markings more brown especially near the edges. The hindwings are brownish.
 Lomaptera are beetles from the subfamily Cetoniinae tribe Schizorhinini. The genus was created by Gory & Percheron in 1833. The type species of the genus is Cetonia papua Guérin-Méneville 1830. These cetoniids have the tip of the scutellum invisible which makes the difference with the genus Ischiopsopha.The genus is spread throughout the whole Australian region.
 Cheiracanthium abbreviatum is a spider species found in France and Denmark.
 Chicomurex venustulus common name the charming murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Rhithropanopeus harrisii (common names include the Zuiderzee crab dwarf crab estuarine mud crab Harris mud crab and white-tipped mud crab) is a small omnivorous crab native to Atlantic coasts of the Americas from New Brunswick to northern Brazil.R. harrisii is usually found in brackish water but can also be found in freshwater. It likes to live on stones and in oyster beds. The crab can reach a maximum size of 20 millimetres (0.8 in).
 Pselaphinae Latreille 1802 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae. The group was originally regarded as a separate family named Pselaphidae.
 Oxyaena (Sharp or Drawn-out + hyena) is an extinct genus of creodont mammal from the latest Paleocene to early Eocene of North America (most specimens being found in Colorado). The species were superficially cat or wolverine-like with a flexible body 1 metre (3.3 ft) long and short limbs. Oxyaena had a broad low skull (20 cm.
 Cantareus is a genus of air-breathing land snails a pulmonate gastropod in the family Helicidae the typical snails.Cantareus is a synonym for the genus Helix.It contains the following species: Cantareus apertus - synonym: Helix apertaThe species Cantareus mazzullii is now accepted as Cornu mazzullii.
 The Long-tailed Sabrewing (Campylopterus excellens) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is often considered a subspecies of the Wedge-tailed Sabrewing but is larger and longer-tailed. It is endemic to humid forest in the region around the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in southern Mexico.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amphiarius is a genus of sea catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Ariidae. It includes two species the Kukwari sea catfish A. phrygiatus and the softhead sea catfish A. rugispinis.
 Carposina plumbeonitida is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Hawaii.
 The Fan-tailed Cuckoo (Cacomantis flabelliformis) is a species of cuckoo in the family Cuculidae.It is found in Australia Fiji Indonesia New Caledonia New Zealand Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.
 Episyron quinquenotatus the white-trimmed black wasp is a North American species of pompilid spider hunting wasp.
 The Rusty Whistler (Pachycephala hyperythra) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Zilla diodia is an orb-weaver spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan.
 Echinophoria coronadoi is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 The Variable Eggfly or Variable Diadem (Hypolimnas anthedon) is a species of Hypolimnas butterfly found in southern Africa. There are four known subspecies.The wingspan of the Variable Eggfly is 75–80 for males and 74–90 for females.Its flight period is year-round peaking in late summer.The larva of Hypolimnas anthedon eat: Fleurya spp. Urera camerooensis Urera camerooensis Urtica and Berkheya.
 Orangia maituatensis is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
 The Rufous-throated Bronze Cuckoo (Chrysococcyx ruficollis) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests.
 Paludinella vitrea is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 The Plains Skipper (Hesperia assiniboia) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.It is found in the Canadian prairie provinces and into the northern Great Plains states.The wingspan is 21–30 mm. The flight period is from mid-July to early September.The larvae feed on needlegrass (Stipa spp.) June Grass (Koeleria cristata) and Blue Grama (Bouteloua gracilis).
 Terebra pseudopicta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Standfussrhyacia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Macropoliana gessi is a moth of the Sphingidae family which is endemic to South Africa.
 The Long-tailed Tit or Long-tailed Bushtit (Aegithalos caudatus) is a common bird found throughout Europe and Asia. There are several extensive accounts of this species most notably Cramp and Perrins 1993; Gaston 1973; and Harrap and Quinn 1996. The majority of relevant research has been directed at its social and breeding behaviour.
 Axinoptera plicata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Neoplecostomus microps (LDA034) is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraíba do Sul River basin. This species grows to a length of 10.2 centimetres (4.0 in) SL.
 The spotted talking catfish spotted raphael catfish or whitebarred catfish (Agamyxis pectinifrons) is a species of thorny catfish found in the Amazon basin where it has been recorded from Bolivia Brazil Colombia and Peru. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL.
 The yellowtail amberjack or great amberjack Seriola lalandi buri or hiramasa is a large fish found in the Pacific and Indian oceans. It can be divided into three subspecies: The California yellowtail Seriola lalandi dorsalis The southern yellowtail or in New Zealand and Australia the yellowtail kingfish or kingfish S. l. lalandi The Asian yellowtail S. l. aureovitta.↑ ↑
 Pseudopontia zambezi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in riverine forests in the southern African highlands in the Democratic Republic of Congo Zambia and Angola at elevations over 800 meters above sea level.
 Bathybuccinum yadai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Jocara lutosalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It was described by Amsel in 1956. It is found in Venezuela.
 Turbonilla pini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Catharia is a monotypic genus of moths containing the single species Catharia prenealis. It is found in France Switzerland Austria and Italy. It is placed in the disputed monotypic subfamily Cathariinae of the family Crambidae. Different authors treat Catharia simplonialis as either a valid species or a subspecies of Catharia pyrenaealis.
 Etheostoma derivativum the stone darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States.
 Aprominta separata is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on Crete.
 Cowbirds are birds belonging to the genus Molothrus in the family Icteridae.
 Orithyia sinica sometimes called the tiger crab or tiger face crab is a singularly unusual species of crab whose characteristics warrant its separation into a separate genus family and even superfamily having previously been included in the Dorippoidea or Leucosioidea. Its larvae for instance are unlike those of any other crab.
 Cyclophora sanguinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Oreochromis macrochir the Longfin tilapia is a species of cichlid native to the Zambezi Basin and is also found in Lake Mweru and Lake Bangweulu. It has been used extensively for stocking ponds and dams in other parts of southern Africa but is little-used elsewhere.In Lake Mweru it is economically the most important fish.
 Hemnypia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eulima stylata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Riechia is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae containing only one species Riechia acraeoides which is found in Peru Paraguay Brazil and Argentina.
 Cratena is a genus of sea slugs aeolid nudibranchs marine gastropod molluscs in the family Facelinidae. Cratena is the type genus of the subfamily Crateninae.
 Polyommatini is a tribe of lycaenid butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae. They were extensively studied by Russian novelist and lepidopterist Vladimir Nabokov.
 Camptotoma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Camptotoma flavostriata Reichardt 1967 Camptotoma freyi Negre 1966 Camptotoma lebasi Reiche 1843 Camptotoma marcuzzii Negre 1966↑
 Guadalupia is a genus of marine sponges. It includes a number of extinct species including: Guadalupia auricula G. cupulosa G. ramescens G. microcamera and G. vasa.Fossils of Guadalupia zitteliana Girty 1908a and Guadalupia explanata (King 1943) have been found in the Upper Permian limestone near the Carlsbad Caverns in New Mexico.
 Cristobal (foaled February 20 2004) is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who has raced in France. He is owned by Rancho Santa Fe California businessman Edmund A. Gann best known as the owner of Medaglia d'Oro and Peace Rules as well as the 1988 Japan Cup winner Pay the Butler.Cristobal received his name as did his dam from the fashion designer Cristóbal Balenciaga. The colt was sired by Aptitude out of the mare Balenciaga whose sire Gulch was the 1988 U.S. Champion Sprinter.
 The eastern heather vole (Phenacomys ungava) is a small North American vole. Until recently this species was considered to belong to the same species as the western heather vole Phenacomys intermedius. It is also called the Ungava vole.These animals are rarely encountered or trapped.[citation needed]
 The Mission golden-eyed tree frog or Amazon milk frog (Trachycephalus resinifictrix) is a large species of arboreal frog native to the Amazon Rainforest in South America. It is sometimes referred to as the blue milk frog. It was first discovered along the Maracanã River in Brazil. This species was previously within the genus Phrynohyas which was recently synonymized with Trachycephalus.
 The Variegated Snout-moth or Mottled Bomolocha (Hypena palparia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia west across southern Canada to British Columbia south to Alabama and Texas.The wingspan is 27–33 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location. There are at least two generations over much of east.The larvae feed on the leaves of Ostrya virginiana and Corylus species.
 Anthidium berbericum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Alberada candida is a species of snout moth in the genus Alberada that was described by Neunzig in 1997 and is known from California.
 Euxesta compta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Cerithiella astrolabiensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Watson in 1880.
 Ctenocheirodon pristis is a species of characin native to South America. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Acanthocleithron chapini is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Acanthocleithron of the family Mochokidae. This species is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Ituri River and Congo River from Kisangani to Stanley Pool. This oviparous fish reaches a length of 5.5 centimetres (2.2 in) SL.
 Nelson's kangaroo rat (Dipodomys nelsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae which is endemic to Mexico.
 Endotricha mesenterialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Walker in 1859. It has a wide distribution and is known from Austral Island Australia the Kermadec Islands New Caledonia New Guinea Palau Samoa Tahiti Begum Island Christmas Island India Indonesia (Borneo) Malaysia the New Hebrides the Nicobar Islands Sri Lanka Tonga Taiwan and China (Guangdong Sichuan Zhejiang).The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 The Australian reticulate swellshark (Cephaloscyllium hiscosellum) is a little-known species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found off northwestern Australia at a depth of 290–420 m (950–1380 ft). This shark has a stocky body and a short wide head with a capacious mouth. It is characterized by a striking dorsal color pattern of dark brown lines that trace a series of hollow saddles and narrow rings on a light background.
 The box ray Chilean devil ray devil ray greater Guinean mobula sicklefin devil ray or spiny mobula (Mobula tarapacana) is a species of fish in the Myliobatidae family. It is found in Brazil Cape Verde Chile Ivory Coast Egypt Indonesia Japan Mexico Palau South Africa Taiwan the United States and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are open seas shallow seas and coral reefs.
 Proathorybia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Mordellistena santiagona is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Píc in 1929.
 Viminiconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (January 2012) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Pseudeusemia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aclytia pydna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1899. It is found in Ecuador.
 Mordellistena ephippium is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1937 by Ray.
 Dicksonosteus is an extinct genus of basal arthrodire placoderm fish which lived during the Early Devonian period of Spitsbergen Norway.
 Goniographa discussa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Zeravshan Mountains and Hissar Mountains through the western Pamirs to north-eastern Afghanistan (Badakhshan).The wingspan is 30-35 mm.
 Barrens Dagger Moth (Acronicta albarufa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has a fragmented distribution that includes southern Ontario and Manitoba New York New Jersey Massachusetts North Carolina Virginia Georgia Oklahoma Missouri Arkansas and Colorado. It may also be present in Ohio Pennsylvania Connecticut mainland New York and New Mexico.
 The Red-fronted Antpecker (Parmoptila rubrifrons) is a species of songbird found in Western Africa. Like all antpeckers it is tentatively placed in the of estrildid finch family (Estrildidae). It often contains the eastern Jameson's Antpecker (P. jamesoni) as a subspecies.This bird inhabits tropical lowland moist forest in Sierra Leone Liberia Guinea Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire.
 Speleoithona bermudensis is a species of crustacean in the family Speleoithonidae. It is endemic to Bermuda. Its natural habitat is karsts.
 Borgia (4 April 1994 – 29 March 2012) was a well bred much travelled and performed German-bred Thoroughbred racemare that was trained in Germany and France. She won the Deutsches Derby Grosser Preis von Baden and Hong Kong Vase.
 Amalda albanyensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Tritonoharpa panamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Alcadia maxima is a species of tropical and subtropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae.
 Micropentila cherereti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda (the western shore of Lake Victoria) and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Hedgehunter (born 25 January 1996) is an Irish race horse who won the 2005 Grand National steeplechase ridden by Ruby Walsh and trained by Willie Mullins. He had fallen at the final fence the previous year when well placed. He then finished second in 2006 to Numbersixvalverde. He also finished second in the 2006 Cheltenham Gold Cup to War of Attrition. The horse is owned by Lancashire millionaire Trevor Hemmings who also owned Blackpool Tower.
 Garudinia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Scopula anaitisaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern India.
 The Almeida Copper (Aloeides almeida) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the West Cape and the Cape Peninsula and the main Cape fold mountains north to Ceres and east along the mountain ranges to the East Cape.The wingspan is 25–29 mm for males and 28–30 mm females. Adults are on wing from September to November and from February to April. There are two generations per year.
 Mestocharella is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Neotelphusa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Epiepischnia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1954 and contains the species E. pseudolydella. It is found in Iran.
 The Uganda Woodland Warbler (Phylloscopus budongoensis) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Kenya and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Theritas is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies (family Lycaenidae) found in the Neotropics. Among the tribe Eumaeini of its subfamily Theclinae it is usually placed in the group around the genus Atlides. In particular it seems most closely related to Arcas.
 Ransoniella fusula is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Liobranchia stria the Minute clingfish is a tiny species of clingfish native to reef environments around the island of Guam the Marshall Islands and the Northern Marianas Islands. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Pseudohomalenotus bicornutus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Bosmina is a genus in the order Cladocera the water fleas. Its members can be distinguished from those of Bosminopsis (the only other genus in the family Bosminidae) by the separation of the antennae; in Bosminopsis the antennae are fused at their bases.Bosmina are filter feeders consuming algae and protozoans about 1–3 μm long. Bosmina are known to have a dual feeding mechanism. They can filter the water using their second and third legs and the first leg will grab the particles.
 Holocraspedon is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Dent's Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus denti) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Namibia South Africa and Zimbabwe. The bat's natural habitats are dry savanna caves and subterranean habitats.
 Prays curalis is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The Cyprus Dipper (Cinclus cinclus olympicus) was endemic to Cyprus. It was a stream wader in the montane forests of the island. This insectivorous bird was last observed ca. 1950 on Cyprus. It disappeared after deforestation.However it seems that this subspecies is not recognized as a valid one anymore.
 The oceanic whitetip shark (Carcharhinus longimanus) is a large pelagic shark inhabiting tropical and warm temperate seas. Its stocky body is most notable for its long white-tipped rounded fins.This aggressive but slow-moving fish dominates feeding frenzies and is a danger to shipwreck or air crash survivors.
 The Forest Honeyeater (Meliphaga montana) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hilarographa macaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Java.
 Acrolophus ornata is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Cyprinus daliensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus. It is endemic to Lake Erhai in Dali Yunnan.
 Corolla is a genus of pelagic sea butterflies. These are holoplanktonic opisthobranch molluscs belonging to the family Cymbuliidae. They are preyed upon by the gymnosome pteropods of the genus Cliopsis.
 Bois Roussel (1935–1955) was a French-bred Thoroughbred champion racehorse and a leading broodmare sire. He won the 1938 Epsom Derby on his second racecourse appearance.
 Copelatus fossilis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Riha in 1974.
 The cluster flies are the genus Pollenia in the blowfly family Calliphoridae. Unlike more familiar blow flies such as the bluebottle genus Phormia they do not present a health hazard because they do not lay eggs in human food. They are strictly parasitic on earthworms; the females lay their eggs near earthworm burrows and the larvae then infest the worms.
 The Venezuelan Yellow Frog or Sapito Arlequin De La Carbonera (Atelopus carbonerensis) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Odostomia parvacutangula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Coleophora millefolii is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Great Britain Ireland and the Iberian Peninsula.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to August.The larvae feed on Achillea millefolium. They create a compact sausage-shaped hairy case built out of numerous leaf fragments. The mouth angle is about 45°. Larvae can be found from autumn to June.
 Prophenorites marojejyanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Prophenorites.
 Laurentaeglyphea neocaledonica is a species of glypheoid lobster and the only species in the genus Laurentaeglyphea. It is known from a single specimen collected on a guyot in the Coral Sea between Australia and New Caledonia. It is thought to be an active predator with colour vision unlike its nearest living relative Neoglyphea inopinata.
 The Green Silver-lines (Pseudoips prasinana) is a moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (North and Central Europe Russia Siberia Korea Japan).The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak and Birch.
 Mordella fasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1864.
 Kijanella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Eucidaris metularia the ten-lined urchin is a species of sea urchin in the family Cidaridae. It is found in shallow parts of the Indo-Pacific Ocean and is characterised by its sparse covering of banded flat-tipped spines.
 Succinea common name the amber snails is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Succineidae.Species in this genus usually live in damp habitats such as marshes. The common name refers to the fact that live snails in this genus are translucent and similar to amber in appearance.
 Cetopsidium is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Cetopsidae.
 Marginella subturrita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Atara is a former genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. Nowadays the genus is included in Rapala.
 Clypeobarbus pleuropholis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Clypeobarbus.
 Barilius is a genus of cyprinid fishes native to Asia.
 The Olive Finch (Arremon castaneiceps) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Until recently it was placed in the genus Lysurus.
 Papilio arnoldiana is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in south-western Ethiopia.
 The Dark deepwater snake-eel (Ophichthus aphotistos) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker and Chen Yu-Yun in 2000. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from Taiwan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 36-1350 metres (most commonly between 250-350 metres) and inhabits sand and mud.
 Empyelocera berlandi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Empyelocera of the family Tephritidae.
 Mordella nigrans is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1887.
 Drupa speciosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Xestia caelebs is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Xinjiang. The type location is described as between Lob Noor and Kuku Noor.
 Wenyingia is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Neuroxena is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of the following species:Neuroxena aberransNeuroxena albofasciataNeuroxena ansorgeiNeuroxena auremaculatusNeuroxena flammeaNeuroxena fulleriNeuroxena funereusNeuroxena lastiNeuroxena medioflavusNeuroxena obscurascensNeuroxena postrubidusNeuroxena rectilineataNeuroxena rubricepsNeuroxena simulansNeuroxena sulphureovittaNeuroxena truncatus
 The Ochre-marked Parakeet (Pyrrhura cruentata) is a species of parrot native to Brazil. It is also known as Blue-throated Parakeet and Red-eared Conure in English and Cotorra Tiriba and Perico Grande in Spanish.It is listed as Vulnerable (VU) on the IUCN Red List.
 Gymnoscelis bassa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 The Cocoa Tussock Moth or Hevea Tussock Moth (Orgyia postica) is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found from the Oriental Tropics to New Guinea.The wingspan is 20–30 mm for males. The female is wingless.
 Erythraeidae is a family of mites belonging to the Trombidiformes. Larval forms of these mites are parasitic on various other arthropods for example harvestmen but the adults are free-living predators. These oval mites are rather large usually reddish coloured and densely hairy. The legs especially the first and fourth pairs are long and adapted for running.
 The Panamint kangaroo rat Dipodomys panamintinus is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to the Mojave Desert in California and Nevada in the United States. Their tails are 7 inches long. They are good swimmers. The Panamint kangaroo rat is named after an area of its range in the Panamint Valley and Panamint Range Mountains just west of Death Valley.
 Yoldia limatula or the file yoldia is a clam in the family Yoldiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to New Jersey as well as along the Pacific coast from Alaska to San Diego.
 Tongeia fischeri Fischer’s blue is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Eversmann in 1843. It is found in south-eastern Europe the southern Ural northern and eastern Kazakhstan south-western and southern Siberia the Russian Far East (Primorye southern Sakhalin) Mongolia China Korea and Japan.Larva feed on various succulent plants including Orostachys japonica.
 The Blue-breasted Fairywren (Malurus pulcherrimus) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family.It is endemic to Australia.The range of the Blue-breasted Wren is inland south-western Western Australia and the Eyre Peninsula of South Australia. Originally it was thought to only occur in Western Australia but was later found in the more eastward area where it was for some time mistaken for one of the many forms of the Variegated Wren Malurus lamberti.
 Aphelodoris antillensis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Dorididae.
 Acraea kuekenthali is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba).
 Maschalandra euphema is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Maschalandra. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1937 and is known from Democratic Republic of the Congo (including Lubumbashi the type location).
 The Orange Cup Moth Pseudanapaea transvestita is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in the east of Australia.
 Osilinus lineatus common name the Thick top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Paracles bilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Parasesarma pictum is a mudflat crab belonging to the Sesarmidae family (subfamily Sesarminae) which is endemic to East Asia. This crab typically inhabits mangrove swamps preferring the upper intertidal region of estuaries and living in small crevices and abandoned holes made by other species. It eats leaf litter and other vegetation. The breeding season of P. pictum is between May and September.Like other sesarmid crabs P. pictum has a square carapace.
 Linatella caudata common name : the girdled triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Karwar Lascar (Pantoporia karwara) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
 Euchaetes expressa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by H. Edwards in 1884. It is found in Mexico and Costa Rica.
 Raphitoma erronea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Ophisma tecta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including Brazil French Guiana and Costa Rica.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Scopula subtilata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in southern Russia and Ukraine.
 Dienerella is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Dienerella acies Rücker 1981 Dienerella adelphia Rücker 1984 Dienerella aequalis (Reitter 1878) Dienerella africana Dajoz 1970 Dienerella anatolica (Mannerheim 1844) Dienerella angelinii Rücker 1998 Dienerella argus (Reitter 1884) Dienerella beloni (Reitter 1882) Dienerella besucheti Vincent 1994 Dienerella clathrata (Mannerheim 1844) Dienerella corsica Vincent 1990 Dienerella costulata (Reitter 1877) Dienerella crenicollis (Belon 1885) Dienerella elegans (Aube 1850) Dienerella falliana (Sharp 1902) Dienerella filiformis (Gyllenhal 1827) Dienerella filum (Aubé 1850) Dienerella grouvellei (Belon 1897) Dienerella huguettae Vincent 1991 Dienerella intermedia (Belon 1884) Dienerella kashmirensis (Sen Gupta 1976) Dienerella kerzhneri V. 
 Aoranthe is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It is found in tropical Africa.
 Phyllocnistis triortha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Western Australia.
 The Spotted Thick-knee (Burhinus capensis) also known as the Spotted Dikkop or Cape Thick-knee is a stone-curlew in the family Burhinidae. It is native to tropical regions of central and southern Africa.
 Callionymus futuna is a species of dragonet known only from the vicinity of Futuna Island.
 Neptis mixophyes Holland’s Clubbed Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wetter forests.The larvae feed on Dalhousiea africana and Petersianthus species.
 The Amur pike also known as the blackspotted pike Esox reichertii is a pike native to the Amur River system in east Asia as well as freshwater habitat on the island of Sakhalin. Closely related to the Northern Pike it reaches a length of 115 cm sporting a silvery body with small black spots. Like other pike this species is prized for sport fishing but is not generally found outside its native range.
 Pygopteryx fulva is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Scoparia famularis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1930. It is found in New Zealand.
 Deania is a genus of long-snouted deepwater dogfish sharks in the family Centrophoridae.
 Kaloplocamus is a genus of sea slugs specifically nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Polyceridae.
 Paranthias is a genus of fish in the family Serranidae subfamily Epinephelinae (groupers).It contains the following species:Paranthias colonus (Valenciennes 1846)Paranthias furcifer (Valenciennes 1828)
 Schistura paucifasciata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Catantostomatidae is an extinct family of marine gastropods included in the Vetigastropoda and placed in the superfamily Pleurotomarioidea
 Pleurotomella bandella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Leumicamia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ameles limbata is a species of praying mantis that lives on the Canary Islands.
 Orophia eariasella is a species of moths in the family Oecophoridae. It was described by Walker in 1864 and is known from South Africa.
 Colotis daira the Black-marked Orange Tip is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the Nigeria Sudan Ethiopia Somalia Saudi Arabia Yemen Oman Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of dry savanna.Both sexes are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Capparis and Cadaba species.
 Lemurs (/ˈliːmər/ LEE-mər) are a clade of strepsirrhine primates endemic to the island of Madagascar. The word lemur derives from the word lemures (ghosts or spirits) from Roman mythology and was first used to describe a slender loris due to its nocturnal habits and slow pace but was later applied to the primates on Madagascar.
 Monochroa elongella the Pembroke Neb is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely distributed throughout Europe. Outside of Europe it is found in southern Siberia (Transbaikalia Altai and Tuva). The habitat consists of coastal sand-dunes and chalk downland.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Potentilla anserina. They feed in the roostock of their host plant. Larvae can be found from late August to May. Pupation takes place in the stem.
 Xanthochorus buxeus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Isotrias huemeri is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Italy (Monti del Pollino).
 Istiblennius bellus the imspringer is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and western Indian ocean. It is also known as the beautiful rockskipper or the dusky blenny. Males of this species can reach a maximum of 16 cm (6.3 in) SL while females reach a maximum of 13.1 cm (5.2 in) SL.
 Vexillum cookorum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Paradise Riflebird Ptiloris paradiseus is a medium-sized up to 30 cm long passerine bird of the Paradisaeidae (Birds of Paradise) family. The male is black with an iridescent greenish blue crown throat and central tail feathers. It has a black curved bill black feet dark brown iris and yellow mouth. The female is an olive brown bird with barred blackish below.Endemic to eastern Australia the Paradise Riflebird is distributed to rainforests of New South Wales and central Queensland.
 Nola flavicosta is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1958. It is found in Uganda.
 Ramanella is a genus of microhylid frogs from India and Sri Lanka. Frogs in this genus are small and characteristically have discs on their fingers but lack them on the toes.The three Indian species are identifiable as follows: Ramanella variegata has an immaculate white belly while montana and triangularis are marbled or brown below. R. triangularis has unwebbed toes while montana has the toes webbed.
 Rhacophorus catamitus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calybites phasianipennella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe and most of Asia.The wingspan is 10–11 mm.
 Loxophlebia rubripicta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1916. It is found in Brazil.
 The extinct Wake Island Rail (Gallirallus wakensis) was a flightless rail and the only native land bird on the Pacific atoll of Wake. It was found on the islands of Wake and Wilkes but not on Peale which is separated from the others by a channel of about 100 meters.
 The Paradoxical Grass Moth (Heliocheilus paradoxus) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Ontario and British Columbia south to at least California Arizona Texas and Florida.The wingspan is 24–26 mm.
 Erbessa prouti is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Anastrangalia renardi is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Mongolia.
 Manoba punctilineata is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1896. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas and Burma as well as on Borneo the Philippines and Sulawesi.The wings are pale brown the forewings with marginal submarginal and postmedial rows of black dots. The hindwings are slightly darker than the forewings.
 The woolly hare (Lepus oiostolus) is a species of mammal in the Leporidae family. It is found in China India and Nepal.
 Sinister Minister is a thoroughbred race horse. As a foal born on March 29 2003 he was a possible contender for the Triple Crown in 2006.
 Alburnus arborella is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.
 Notomithrax ursus is a spider crab of the family Majidae found in south-east Australia and New Zealand. Males grow to a carapace width of 42 millimetres (1.7 in) and a carapace length of 60 mm (2.4 in) while females reach 36 mm (1.4 in) by 43 mm (1.7 in). They are typically found among seaweed in rockpools and are themselves usually covered in seaweed.
 The Linhares lime tree frog Sphaenorhynchus palustris is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Menthidae are a small family of pseudoscorpions that are nevertheless spread around the world. While Menthus is found from Mexico to California Oligomenthus lives in South America. The monotypic genera Paramenthus and Thenmus live in Israel and Australia respectively.
 Duplex sumbawensis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumbawa.The wingspan is about 8.5 mm. The forewing is greyish brown although the basal costal area is blackish brown and the medial area dark grey the upper half darker and the postmedial area is brownish. The reniform stigma is relatively weakly marked. The crosslines are indistinct and dark brown. The terminal line is weakly marked by brown interveinal spots.
 Cosmodiscus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cosmodiscus platynotus Bates 1873 Cosmodiscus rubripictus Sloane 1907↑
 Aphelia unitana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Ireland and Great Britain east Fennoscandia and central and south-eastern Europe to Russia and the Near East.The wingspan is 17–24 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on various low-growing plants including Heracleum and Rubus species. They feed between spun leaves.
 Coleophora scariphota is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Cerithium scabridum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Leptotrachelon nevermanni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Leptotrachelon.
 Selim (1802 – 1825) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He was owned by the Prince of Wales D. Radcliffe and later Arthur Shakespear. After retiring from racing he became a successful stallion and was British Champion sire in 1814. His progeny included Azor Medora Sultan and Turquoise.
 Hyperolius kuligae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Cameroon Gabon and Uganda and possibly found in Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Rwanda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.
 Gymnelia perniciosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1923. It is found in Colombia.
 Strongylognathus silvestrii is a species of insect in family Formicidae that is endemic to Greece.
 The Purple-breasted Cotinga (Cotinga cotinga) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pusiola danella is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Durante and Panzera in 2002. It is found in Nigeria.
 The Salmon-branded Bushbrown Mycalesis misenus is a species of Satyrine butterfly found in Asia. In India it occurs in Sikkim Assam the Khasi Hills.
 Lanistes graueri is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Neomariania rebeli is a species of moth of the Stathmopodidae family. It is found in Portugal (including Madeira) and on the Canary Islands. The wingspan is 8-14 mm. Adults have been collected from mid July to mid October.
 Hellinsia umrani is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is endemic to India.
 Euryodus is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Gymnarthridae.
 The Amiiformes order of fish has only one extant species the bowfin (Amia calva).
 Tylonycteris is a genus of bats within the Vespertilionidae or Vesper bats family. Species within this genus are: Lesser Bamboo Bat Tylonycteris pachypus Pygmy Bamboo Bat Tylonycteris pygmaeus Greater Bamboo Bat Tylonycteris robustula
 The Black Hawk-Eagle (Spizaetus tyrannus) also known as theTyrant Hawk-Eagle is a species of eagle found from central Mexico to eastern Peru the south of Brazil and far northern Argentina. Its preferred habitats include humid and moist forests close to rivers and several types of woodland. It is uncommon to fairly common throughout most of its range. Its closest relative is the Ornate Hawk-Eagle which is similar in size appearance and behavior but lives at lower elevations.
 Hyposmocoma basivittata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet.
 Labeo boga is fish in genus Labeo.
 Zodarion confusum is a spider species found in Italy.
 Diodora rueppellii common name the Rüppell's keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Plectrohyla thorectes (Spanish: Rana-de Árbol Moteadais) a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stockoceros is an extinct extinct genus of the artiodactyl family Antilocapridae.
 The Japanese cockroach (Periplaneta japonica) also known as the Yamato cockroach is a cockroach native to Japan that is adapted to cooler northern climates. It has a flexible univoltine or semivoltine (one or two year) lifecycle depending on the timing of its hatching and is unusual in being able to spend two winters as diapause nymphs before reaching maturity.
 Habronattus borealis is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family that can be found in Canada and the United States.
 Asota sericea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.The wingspan is 59-64 mm.
 The Malaysian Pied Fantail (Rhipidura javanica) is a species of bird in the fantail family. It is locally referred to as muria gila literally crazy thrush in the Malay language. It is found in Brunei Cambodia Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Plectronocerida is a primitive order from which subsequent cephalopod orders are ultimately derived.
 Amaxia egaensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Seitz in 1921. It is found in Brazil.
 The mouse lemurs are nocturnal lemurs of the genus Microcebus.
 Heterothrissa is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the upper Cenomanian.
 Tortyra aurofasciana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from the West Indies.
 The Tibetan Partridge (Perdix hodgsoniae) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes. They are found widely across the Tibetan Plateau and have some variations in plumage across populations. They forage on the ground in the sparsely vegetated high altitude regions moving in pairs during the summer and in larger groups during the non-breeding season. Neither males nor females have spurs on their legs.
 Circaetus the snake eagles is a genus of medium-sized eagles in the bird of prey family Accipitridae.These are mainly resident African species but the migratory Short-toed Snake Eagle breeds from the Mediterranean basin into Russia the Middle East and India and winters in sub-Saharan Africa and east to Indonesia. Snake eagles are found in open habitats like cultivated plains arid savannaha but require trees in which to build a stick nest.
 Meiacanthus luteus the Yellow fangbelly is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean around northern Australia. This species grows to a length of 10.3 centimetres (4.1 in) TL.
 Demolis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Meyrickella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Diaphanes is a genus of firefly in the Lampyrinae subfamily. Species within this genus are: D. citrinus D. exsanguis D. formosus D. guttatus D. lampyroides D. limbatus D. marginella D. mendax D. nubilus D. pectinealis
 Isodemis serpentinana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Hainan Yunnan Taiwan) India Indonesia (Borneo Java Sumatra)New Guinea the Philippines Sri Lanka and Thailand.
 Eophycis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 Inodrillia aepynota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 Leiobunum blackwalli is a species of harvestman. It is found in Europe.L. blackwalli grows to 6mm in females and 4mm in males. The second pair of legs grow to 50mm. Similar in appearance to L. rotundum the abdomen is broader at the rear and the dark marking broader at the rear than the front with a sharper cutoff than L. rotundum and the palps are pale.This harvestman is widespread throughout Britain and Europe though less common than L. rotundum.
 Mocis antillesia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Lesser Antilles Bahamas and British Virgin Islands.
 Gibberula turgidula is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Periodon is a genus of conodonts which existed in what is now Canada Iran Argentina China Russia and the United States during the Ordovician Period. It was described by Hadding in 1913 and the type species is P. aculeatus.
 Niophis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Niophis antennata (Martins Chemsak & Linsley 1966) Niophis aper (Germar 1824) Niophis bucki Martins & Monné 1973 Niophis coptorhina Bates 1867 Niophis neotropica (Martins 1961) Niophis picticornis (Martins 1964) Niophis rufula (Gounelle 1909)↑
 The Great-tailed Grackle or Mexican Grackle (Quiscalus mexicanus) is a medium-sized gregarious passerine bird native to North and South America. A member of the family Icteridae it is one of ten extant species of grackle and is closely related to the Boat-tailed Grackle and the Slender-billed Grackle. It is sometimes referred to as a “blackbird”. It is a New World blackbird and unrelated to any of the five species of Old World blackbirds (all of which are species of the Turdus genus).
 Lepidurus packardi is a rare species of tadpole shrimp known by the common name vernal pool tadpole shrimp. It is native to California and southern Oregon where it lives in an endangered type of habitat the vernal pool and other freshwater aquatic habitats. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This crustacean is about 5 centimeters (2.0 in) long. It has a shield-like carapace up to 3.5 cm (1.4 in) long.
 Coleophora cervinella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.
 Miralda scopulorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Anulifera is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Protorculidae. In 2012 a new species A. chubutensis was described from the Early Jurassic period (late Pliensbachian-early Toarcian) of Argentina by S. Mariel Ferrari.
 Bolma fuscolineata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 The needle-clawed bushbabies are the two species in the genus Euoticus which is in the family Galagidae. Galagidae is sometimes included as a subfamily within the Lorisidae (or Loridae).
 Stenoptilia karsholti is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Peru.The wingspan is 15-17 mm. Adults are on wing at the end of March and the beginning April.The hostplant is unknown but adults have been recorded flying around a Gentiana species.
 Bulinus transversalis is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails and their allies. This species is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Elophos vittaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in two separate areas in Europe. Subspecies mendicaria is found in the Alps and Mountains in central Europe while ssp. vittaria is found from Fennoscandia east through Russia and Asia to Japan.The wingspan is 32–38 mm in central Europe and 25–36 mm in Fennoscandia. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on various low-growing plants including Vaccinium and Betula species.
 Turbonilla crystallina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eugnosta plusiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan and Russia.
 Tuerckheimia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Glipa cladoda is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1993.
 Tetraophasis is a genus of bird in the Phasianidae family. It contains the following species: Verreaux's Monal-Partridge (Tetraophasis obscurus) Szechenyi's Monal-Partridge (Tetraophasis szechenyii)
 Eunatalis porcata is a species of Cleridae that occurs in Australia
 Falsomordellina nigripennis is a species of beetle in the Falsomordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 Hamatastus fasciatus is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Glimour in 1957.
 The Dark sword-grass also called Black cutworm or (Agrotis ipsilon ) is a small noctuid moth found worldwide. The larva is a serious agricultural pest and feeds on nearly all varieties of vegetables and many important grains.
 Habronattus fallax is a species of spiders from a Salticidae family.
 The Small Dotted Buff (Photedes minima) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 20–23 mm. The length of the forewings is 11–14 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Tufted Hair-grass en Deschampsia flexuosa.
 Solieria fenestrata is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Hoplitosuchus is an extinct genus of aetosaur. Fossils have been found from the Santa Maria Formation in Rio Grande do Sul Brazil that date back to the Late Triassic. At first the genus was named Hoplitosaurus but this name had previously been assigned to a polacanthine ankylosaurian dinosaur in 1902 thirty six years before it had been referred to the aetosaur. Thus Hoplitosuchus was constructed as a replacement name for Hoplitosaurus.
 Amaxia tierna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Catoptria is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Alphaea khasiana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan) and India (Assam).
 Nicrophorus ussuriensis is a burying beetle described by Portevin in 1923.
 Tricarinodynerus is a genus of potter wasps known from the Afrotropical and Palearctic regions.
 The dwarf fan shell Talochlamys multistriata is a species of bivalve scallop. It is a marine mollusc in the family Pectinidae.
 Pachnodus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cerastidae.
 Holocnemus pluchei the marbled cellar spider is a cellar spider species found around the Mediterranean introduced elsewhere; Portugal (Castelo Branco).It is the type species of its genus.
 Ecnomiomorpha chrestodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Myrmecia flavicoma is an ant species native to Australia. This species is apart of the Myrmecia genus. Myrmecia flavicoma's distribution is only around the state of Queensland and some areas of New South Wales.
 The Snout (Hypena proboscidalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 25–38 mm. The moth flies in two generations from May to September.The larvae feed on hop nettle and ground-elder.
 Chloeria is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Geogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
 Petaloconchus mcgintyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Aoupinieta silacea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Caledonia.The wingspan is about 36 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale orange cream densely strigulated with brownish cream. The hindwings are cream.
 Pseudochromis flavivertex is a Pseudochromis from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.2 -7.5 cm in length as male and 6.5 cm as a female. It eats various benthic worms and crustaceans.
 Litoria purpureolata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia. The species is known from a single locality on the Tiri River a small tributary of the Mamberamo River.
 Coleoxestia pubicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Parvanachis ostreicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Euptera crowleyi Crowley’s Euptera is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of drier forests and wet forests.The larvae feed on Pachystela brevipes and Englerophytum oubangensis.
 Aneogmena is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Cassidy's Flash Rapala cassidyiis a Lycaenid butterfly found in Sulawesi. It was discovered in 1985 during the Project Wallace expedition of the Royal Entomological Society. The female remains undescribed.
 Pseudotaranis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Halgerda dalanghita is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Microcapros is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Conchifera is a taxonomic term. It is a subphylum of the phylum Mollusca. It comprises all of the shell-bearing classes of molluscs including the snails clams tusk shells ammonites monoplacophorans and so on. The other one is Aculifera.This taxonomic term is used mostly by paleontologists and not by scientists who study the living mollusca.
 Tamsica floricolans is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai and Lanai.Adults have been reared from whitish larvae among the roots of sugarcane. The larvae spin a frail cocoon in the soil.
 The Boettger's dainty frog or common caco (Cacosternum boettgeri) is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Botswana Ethiopia Kenya Lesotho Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Angola and possibly Uganda.
 Carposina benigna is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.
 Metopoceras is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Saint Vincent Amazon (Amazona guildingii) also known as Saint Vincent Parrot is a large approximately 40 cm long multi-colored amazon parrot with a yellowish white blue and green head greenish-bronze upperparts plumage and violet blue-green wings.
 Agdistis olei is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Iran Oman Bahrain Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
 Copelatus aethiopicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1906.
 Palmadusta androyensis is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.There are three subspecies : Palmadusta androyensis androyensis Blocher & Lorenz 1999 Palmadusta androyensis consanguinea Blöcher & Lorenz 2000 Palmadusta androyensis ipacoyana Bozzetti 2006↑
 Euphaedra uniformis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon and the northern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wet forests.
 Coleophora acmura is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Malawi.
 Himalayan bent-toed Gecko Cyrtopodion himalayanus is a species of gecko found in N India (Jammu Kashmir) and W Nepal.
 Sinhalestes orientalis the Emerald Sri Lanka Spreadwing is a monotypic species of damselfly in the family Lestidae. The species may be extinct since none have been found since it was first scientifically described more than 140 years ago.It is (or was) endemic to Sri Lanka.
 The Broad-bordered Yellow Underwing (Noctua fimbriata) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe North Africa Anatolia the Caucasus Turkey Caucasus Transcaucasia Armenia Turkmenistan and Novosibirsk Oblast. The border of its southern range is unclear because of the similar looking species Noctua tirrenica.The wingspan is 45–55 mm. The length of the forewings is 22–27 mm.
 The Inhaca fringelip (Cirrhimuraena inhacae) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by J.L.B. Smith in 1962. It is a marine tropical eel which is known from the western Indian Ocean including Inhaca Island Mozambique and Madagascar. Males can reach a maximum total length of 23 centimetres (9.1 in).
 Harsiesis is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae. The species in the genus Harsiesis occur in Indonesia.
 Aoshachia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Staffordiidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Staffordioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Staffordiidae is the only family in the superamily Staffordioidea. This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).Staffordiidae is a poorly known family because it occurs only in the Dafla Hills area of India.
 Seticosta mirana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described from Venezuela but the current status of the species is unclear.
 The Narrow-banded Widow (Dingana angusta) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in grasslands the eastern highlands from northern Swaziland to Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 60-65 mm for males and 56-62 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to November (with a peak in October). There is one generation per yearThe larvae probably feed on various Poaceae species including Pennisetum clandestinum.
 Gandhara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.Most species were previously placed in the genus Eilema.
 The Black-naped Monarch or Black-naped Blue Flycatcher (Hypothymis azurea) is a slim and agile passerine bird belonging to the family of monarch flycatchers. They are sexually dimorphic with males having a distinctive black patch on the back of the head and a narrow black half collar (necklace) while the female is duller and lacks the black markings.
 Aphyle affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It found in the Upper Amazonas and Peru.
 Haughtoniana is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Gymnoscelis roseifascia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Myrmecia forceps is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. They are a common species distributed in most of the southern regions of Australia. They were described by Roger in 1861.
 Aplocheilichthys is a genus of poeciliids endemic to Africa. Several of the species in the genus can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Hypatopa juno is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.4–6 mm. The forewings are reddish brown or pale brownish grey intermixed with brownish-grey scales tipped with pale brownish grey and brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale grey gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Eucosmomorpha albersana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Iceland Ireland the Iberian Peninsula most of the Balkan Peninsula and Ukraine) east to the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone. It is also found in North America.The wingspan is 13–17 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. They fly in the afternoon as well as after dark.The larvae feed on Lonicera species but have also been recorded on Symphoricarpos alba.
 Fiftyshadesofhay (foaled April 14 2010 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. The daughter of Pulpit beat Marathon Lady in the mile and an eighth Grade II $500000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 17 2013.
 Hemisodorcus arrowi is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae. The beetle shows great similarities to the stag beetle most notably are its two mandibles attached to its head.
 Petitclercia is a genus of mollusk from the strigoceratid subfamily Disticocratinae which are included in the ammonitid superfamily Haplocerataceae. Petitclercia named by Rollier 1909 is found in the upper Middled Jurassic (Callovian) of France.The shell of Petitclercia is involute very compressed with a sharp umbilical angle and sharp fastigate venter. Spath (1928)speculated that Petitclercia is perhaps an involute development of Chanasia another of the Distichoceratinae.
 Brissopsis bengalensis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissopsis bengalensis was first scientifically described in 1914 by Koehler.
 The quoll (ˈkwɒl) (genus Dasyurus) is a carnivorous marsupial native to mainland Australia New Guinea and Tasmania. It is primarily nocturnal and spends most of the day in its den. Of the six species of quoll four are found in Australia and two in New Guinea. Another two species are known from fossil remains in Pliocene and Pleistocene deposits in Queensland.
 Systoloneura randiae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Coddia rudis. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Barbus stanleyi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Oegoconia huemeri is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Croatia Italy Switzerland France Spain and on Sicily.The length of the forewings is 12–17 mm. The forewings are dark brown with whitish or yellow-whitish markings. The hindwings are bright grey-brown.
 Chlamydogobius micropterus the Elizabeth Springs goby is a species of goby endemic to Queensland Australia where it occurs in shallow marshy pools. This species can reach a length of 3 centimetres (1.2 in) SL.
 Aprominta bifasciata is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Greece and Turkey.
 Calliostoma grohi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Acanthemblemaria stephensi the Malpelo barnacle blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Malpelo Island in the eastern Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton.
 Crocomela tenuifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Ecuador.
 Asura strigibasis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Vietnam.
 The creek chubsucker (Erimyzon oblongus) is a freshwater fish of the sucker family (Catostomidae).The creek chubsucker is one of three species in the genus Erimyzon from the Catostomidae family present in eastern North America and is found primarily in one of two disjunct populations; either in the eastern Coastal Plain streams or in the mid-western streams east of the Central Plains. The creek chubsucker is typically found in vegetated rocky riffle areas runs and pools of clear freshwater.
 Taraxella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Belgrandiella pelerei is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Sea lemon is a loosely-applied common name for a group of medium-sized to large shell-less colorful sea slugs or nudibranchs specifically dorid nudibranchs in the taxonomic family Dorididae and other closely related families. These are marine gastropod mollusks.
 Odostomia franki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pammene aurana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe and adjacent Asia.The wingspan is 9–13 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Heracleum sphondylium.
 Ptilodontoidea is a group of extinct mammals from the Northern Hemisphere. They were generally small somewhat rodent-like creatures of the extinct order Multituberculata. Some of these genera boast a great many species though remains are generally sparse. Ptilodus is among the best known and there's a tendency to depict it as an analog of a squirrel.Upper Cretaceous remains are known from North America and Europe.
 Niveria spongicola is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Tetracis barnesii is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the high-desert riparian canyons in Colorado and Utah to the dry coniferous forest in Oregon on altitudes between 1555 and 1905 meters.The length of the forewings 19-23 mm. Adults are on wing from early September to late October.
 Caloptilia eurythiota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 The southern black bream Acanthopagrus butcheri (also known as the black bream southern bream and blue-nosed bream) is a species of marine and freshwater fish of the porgy family Sparidae. It is a deep-bodied fish occasionally confused with other similar species that occur within its range but is generally distinguished from these species by a lack of yellow ventral and anal fins.
 Pandurista is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Rolandiella scotti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Saffron-crowned Tanager (Tangara xanthocephala) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Kermadec Red-crowned Parakeet (Cyanoramphus novaezelandiae cyanurus) also known as the Kermadec Red-fronted Parakeet or Kermadec Parakeet is a parrot endemic to New Zealand's Kermadec Islands in the south-west Pacific Ocean. It is a subspecies of the Red-fronted Parakeet and sometimes considered a full species. It is also the first documented example of a parrot recolonising an island after the removal of invasive predators.
 Lophioturris leucotropis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pseudaphya ferreri Ferrer's goby is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea where it occurs in inshore waters inhabiting areas with sandy substrates. This species grows to a length of 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Sagenodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Ophiclinops hutchinsi the Earspot snakeblenny is a species of clinid native to reefs with seagrass or weed growth at depths of from 13 to 15 metres (43 to 49 ft) along the coast of southern Australia.
 Arcantiodelphys is an extinct genus of basal Metatheria which existed in France during the Cenomanian age. It was first named by Romain Vullo Emmanuel Gheerbrant Christian de Muizon and Didier Néraudeau in 2009 and the type species is Arcantiodelphys marchandi.
 Tropidophora carinata is a species of land snail with a gill and an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae. This species was found in Mauritius and Réunion but it may now be extinct.
 Sosioceras is an Upper Permian shouchangoceratin pseudohaloritid characterized by a subdiscoidal shell about 2 cm in diameter marked by growth lines as with Neoaganides and having a mature peristome with a double constriction near the periphery. The suture also closely resembles that of Neoaganides. Sosioceras is found in the Upper Permian Sosio limestone of Sosio valley in Sicily first described by Gemmellaro 1880 as Brancoceras pygmaeum thought be a rare element of the Sosio fauna.
 Repomucenus is a genus of dragonets native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This genus also includes one freshwater species (R. olidus).
 Paramorpha rhachias is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from New South Wales.
 Aphnaeus adamsi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the south-central part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Western Wood Pewee (Contopus sordidulus) is a small tyrant flycatcher. Adults are gray-olive on the upperparts with light underparts washed with olive on the breast. They have two wing bars and a dark bill with yellow at the base of the lower mandible. This bird is very similar in appearance to the Eastern Wood Pewee; the two birds were formerly considered to be one species. The call of C.
 Doronomyrmex kutteri is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to Europe Germany Sweden and Switzerland.
 Sphaerocinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails sea butterflies marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks within the superfamily Cavolinioidea.
 Buthus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae. It is distributed widely across northern Africa including Morocco Mauritania Algeria Tunisia Libya Egypt Senegal Guinea-Bissau Nigeria Sudan Somalia Ethiopia Djibouti as well as the Middle East including Israel Palestine Jordan Lebanon Iraq Yemen and possibly Saudi-Arabia and southern Turkey. Its European range includes the Iberian Peninsula southern France and Cyprus.
 Hauericeras is an ammonite genus from the Late Cretaceous that lived from the Coniacian to the late Maastrichtian from about 90 to 66 mya. Fossils have been found in Europe Russia  South Africa Australia India Iraq and in the United States.The shell of Haericeras is subinvolute with the outer whorl covering much of the inner but leaving part of the inner whorls exposed. Whorls are smooth with narrow periodic constructions.
 Stephen's Skolly (Thestor stepheni) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found in the Riviersonderend Mountains above the Boesmanskloof Pass and Greyton in the West Cape. It is also found on the Klipberg.The wingspan is 27–36 mm for males and 31–40 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to January with a peak in December. There is one generation per year.
 Pupisoma orcula is a species of minute air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusks in the family Valloniidae.This species is endemic to Micronesia. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.This species is endemic to Micronesia but one broken specimen was found in Afghanistan in 1979.
 Nebria coiffaiti is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Chlorolestes tessellatus the Forest Malachite or Mosaic Sylph is a species of damselfly in family Synlestidae. It is endemic to South Africa. This shade-loving species is found at seeps and streams in forests and wooded valleys. It is 47-57 mm long with a wingspan of 55-72 mm. Males and females are similar; the thorax and abdomen are metallic-green aging to coppery brown. The thorax has contrasting yellow antehumeral stripes; these are more broad than those of the similar Mountain Malachite.
 Cosmopterix mneme is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Bahia).Adults have been recorded in January.
 Heliocheilus thelycritus is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.
 The klipspringer (Oreotragus oreotragus) is a small species of African antelope.
 Austrorossia is a genus of bobtail squid encompassing five species.
 Amorphoscelis parva is a species of praying mantis native to Sumba.
 Eleutherodactylus nubicola is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aussiedraco is a genus of basal ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the early Cretaceous of Australia. Aussiedraco is known from holotype QM F10613 a partial mandibular symphysis housed at the Queensland Museum recovered from rocks of the Toolebuc Formation about 70 km east of Boulia western Queensland dating to Albian stage. It was named by Alexander W.A. Kellner Taissa Rodrigues and Fabiana R. Costa in 2011 and the type species is Aussiedraco molnari.
 Anthidium spiniventre is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Hyperiidae is a family of amphipods containing the following genera:Euthemisto Bovallius 1887Hyperia Latreille in Desmarest 1823Hyperiella Bovallius 1887Hyperoche Bovallius 1887Laxohyperia M. Vinogradov & Volkov 1982Parathemisto Boeck 1870Pegohyperia Barnard 1931Themisto Guérin-Méneville 1825↑ ↑
 Chicoreus is a genus of medium- to large-sized predatory sea snails. These are carnivorous marine gastropod molluscs in the family Muricidae the murexes or rock snails.
 The pygmy hippopotamus (Choeropsis liberiensis or Hexaprotodon liberiensis) is a small hippopotamid native to the forests and swamps of West Africa primarily in Liberia and small populations in Sierra Leone Guinea and Ivory Coast. The pygmy hippo is reclusive and nocturnal.
 Eudendrium generale is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Cerithiopsis perlata is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae which is known from European waters. It was described by Monterosato in 1889.
 Males of the spider species Callobius claustrarius reach 8 mm females about 11 mm. Head and legs are reddish brown the abdomen is dark grey with an extended brown surface dotted with lighter brown specks.Adults can be found from autumn to spring.This is a palearctic species. In Europe it is found in mountainous regions especially in old moist forests under rocks. C. claustrarius is a rather rare species.The subspecies C. claustrarius balcanicus (Drensky 1940) is only found in Bulgaria.
 Novastoa lamellosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Vermetidae the worm snails.
 The Great-billed Parrot (Tanygnathus megalorynchos) also known as Moluccan Parrot or Island Parrot is a medium-sized approximately 38 cm long green parrot with a massive red bill cream iris blackish shoulders olive green back pale blue rump and yellowish green underparts.
 Cephalotes resinae is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Verheyen's Multimammate Mouse (Mastomys kollmannspergeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cameroon Chad Niger Nigeria and Sudan.Its natural habitats are dry savanna intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater lakes and urban areas.
 The Small Verdant Hawk (Basiothia medea) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is common in open habitats throughout the Ethiopian Region including Madagascar. It is however probably absent from the equatorial forest belt except as a vagrant. The species is an active migrant.The length of the forewings is 22–25 mm and the wingspan is 49–63 mm. The body is grass green. The forewings are grass green with two or three faint darker green transverse lines.
 The blackfin slatey or black-foot sweetlips Diagramma melanacrum is a species of marine fish in the family Haemulidae.The blackfin slatey is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region from Indonesia to Philippines and Borneo. This species reaches a length of 45 cm (18 in). Its name comes from its black inferior fins; it also has distinctive black dots on the body which form diagonal lines.
 Unrivaled Belle (foaled 2006) is a gray/roan American Thoroughbred racehorse owned and bred in Kentucky by Gary Seidler & Peter Vegso. She is a daughter of America's champion sire and champion racehorse Unbridled's Song a descendant of the very influential sire Mr. Prospector out of the Grade II winner Queenie Belle (Bertrando).The Kentucky-bred Unrivaled Belle was listed as sold for $260000 at Keeneland September.
 Mordella pygmaea is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1895.
 The Rennell flying fox (Pteropus rennelli) is a species of bat in the Pteropodidae family found in the Solomon Islands.
 Aeglotis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Ash-colored Cuckoo (Coccycua cinerea) is an American bird species of the cuckoo family (Cuculidae).It was formerly placed in the genus Coccyzus or Micrococcyx. Following the discovery that it belongs to a distinct lineage around the Little Cuckoo the genus Coccycua has been reinstated for these.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay and has been reported from Colombia and Peru.
 Morula (Morula) anaxares is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The gray-tailed vole is a common small mammal that inhabits grasslands in the Willamette Valley of western Oregon. Gray tailed voles are polygamous: females are territorial males have large home ranges that overlap those of several females and juvenile emigration is male-biased.
 Dermomurex oxum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Lorius is a genus of lorikeet in the parrot family Psittaculidae. The genus contains six species that are distributed from the Moluccas in Indonesia through New Guinea to the Solomon Islands. They have characteristic red plumage with varying amounts of blue (and in some yellow and white) green wings and in all but one species a black crown. The bills is orange and the feet are grey.
 The Tambourine Dove (Turtur tympanistria) is a pigeon which is a widespread resident breeding bird in woodlands and other thick vegetation in Africa south of the Sahara Desert. Its range extends from Senegal east to Ethiopia and Kenya and southwards through eastern Africa to south-eastern South Africa but it is absent from the drier areas of south-western Africa.
 Anomiopsoides is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Euleia kovalevi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euleia of the family Tephritidae.
 The Transcaspian vole (Microtus transcaspicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Afghanistan Iran and Turkmenistan.
 The yellow-eye mullet (Aldrichetta forsteri) is a mullet of the family Mugilidae the only species in the genus Aldrichetta. It is found around New Zealand the Chatham Islands and southern Australia. In New Zealand it is also known as the sprat or herring but is neither a true sprat nor a true herring. They are also commonly called the sand mullet.The back is olive-green and the belly is silver usually with a yellow tinge.
 Fusinus timessus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Mesopotamian Crow (Corvus cornix capellanus) also known as the Iraq Pied Crow is a bird species of the crow genus. The crow is native to the region of Mesopotamia in southern Iraq and southwest Iran between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers.The crow is sometimes considered to be a subspecies of the Hooded Crow (Corvus cornix) but is also sometimes distinguished as its own species of crow as it is characterized by its pied coloration.
 The Black-capped Tyrannulet (Phyllomyias nigrocapillus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Coleophora facilis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Mordacia praecox the Australian brook lamprey or nonparasitic lamprey is a freshwater species of southern topeyed lamprey that occurs in south-eastern Australia. It has a thin eel-like body around 12 to 15 cm long with two low dorsal fins on the back half. The skin is dark blue above and gray below. Its eyes are small and located on the top of its head.M. praecox is known only from the Moroya and Tuross Rivers in southern New South Wales.
 Horniulus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Horniulus andrewesi Jedlicka 1932 Horniulus quadrimaculata Lowerens 1953↑
 Apaegocera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Scolopendra gigantea also known as the Peruvian giant yellow-leg centipede or Amazonian giant centipede is one of the largest representatives of the genus Scolopendra with a length up to 30 cm (12 in). It can be found in various places of South America and the Caribbean where it preys on a great variety of animals including other sizable arthropods amphibians mammals and reptiles. These arthropods have surged in popularity among collectors of exotic pets.
 Amphitrite ornata or ornate worm is a species of marine polycheate worm in the family Terebellidae.Polychaetes or marine bristle worms have elongated bodies divided into many segments. Each segment may bear setae (bristles) and parapodia (paddle-like appendages). Some species live freely either swimming crawling or burrowing and these are known as errant. Others live permanently in tubes either calcareous or parchment-like and these are known as sedentary.
 The Black-spotted Pierrot (Tarucus balcanicus nigra) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. Formerly regarded as a distinct species it is nowadays considered to be a well-marked eastern subspecies of the Balkan Pierrot (T. balkanicus).
 Rhytidosteoidea is a superfamily of Temnospondyli.
 Open Fire (1961–1980) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Her sire was Brandywine Stable's multiple stakes winner Cochise and her grandsire was the winner of the 1936 British Classic the St. Leger Stakes. Open Fire was out of the mare Lucy Lufton whose sire Nimbus was a son of Nearco one of the world's most influential sires in the history of Thoroughbred racing.Owned and raced under the Brandywine Stable banner by Delaware Park Racetrack president Donald P.
 Elachista cordata is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Cameroon.The wingspan is 8.7–8.8 millimetres (0.34–0.35 in). The forewing ground colour is white the base of the costa and the dorsum with a narrow irregular dark brown blotch sometimes tinged with ochreous. The hindwings are brownish grey. Adults have been recorded in early May.
 Eupithecia mortua is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Wallago attu (Thai: ปลาเค้าขาว) is a species of catfish in the family Siluridae or sheatfishes. The fish is commonly known by its genus name wallago or 'lanchi'. It is found in large rivers and lakes in much of the Indian Subcontinent and in parts of Southeast Asia. The species can reach 2.4 m (8 feet) total length. It ranges mainly across India Nepal Bangladesh and Sri Lanka but is also found in Thailand Cambodia Vietnam and Malaysia and is also reported from Afghanistan.
 Anelosimus bali is a species of spider found in Bali Indonesia after which the species is named. It is a coastal species found in small-leaved mangrove trees along the beach. The holotype is female and 2.9 millimetres (0.11 in) long. No male specimens have been identified and the social structure of the species is not known. It was first identified in 2012 by Ingi Agnarsson.
 Persististrombus latus common name : the Bubonian Conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Lopharcha is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Labidochromis vellicans is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found in areas with rocky substrates in the southern portion of the lake. This species grows to a length of 6.7 centimetres (2.6 in) SL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Mimacraea neokoton the Mount Selinda Acraea Mimic is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe (Mount Selinda). The habitat consists of forests.Adults are on wing from late February to early March.The larvae feed on very dark blue-green (black) algae (Cyanophyta).
 Goniaea vocans is a species of Grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
 Depalpata is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Mbulu Copper (Aloeides mbuluensis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from bare patches of ground in highland grassveld in the Mbulu area of the East Cape and the area near Loteni in KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is 26–32 mm for males and 29–37 mm females. Adults are on wing from November to January. There is one generation per year.
 The central stoneroller (Campostoma anomalum) is a fish in the family Cyprinidae endemic to the United States.
 Paratraea is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Paracallionymus costatus the Ladder dragonet is a species of dragonet found along the southern coast of Africa from Namibia to Mozambique where it occurs at depths of from 55 to 400 metres (180 to 1312 ft). This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Ochlockonee arcmussel Alasmidonta wrightiana was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This river mussel is now extinct.
 Stibaractis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cyclophora brevipalpis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Zoanthus sociatus (commonly known as the green sea mat or button polyp) is a zoanthid usually found in shallow reef zones of tropical regions from Japan to Central America and the Caribbean. Z. sociatus is currently being studied for its use against human lymphatic parasites.
 The Crimson Rosella (Platycercus elegans) is a parrot native to eastern and south eastern Australia which has been introduced to New Zealand and Norfolk Island. It is commonly found in but not restricted to mountain forests and gardens. The species as it now stands has subsumed two former separate species the Yellow Rosella and the Adelaide Rosella. Molecular studies show one of the three red-coloured races var. nigrescens is genetically more distinct.
 The Narina Trogon (Apaloderma narina) is a medium-sized (up to 34 cm long) largely green forest bird in the Trogonidae family. It is the most widespread and catholic in habitat choice of three Apaloderma trogons. The species name is Khoikhoi in origin believed to be named after Narina the mistress of the French ornithologist François Le Vaillant.
 Semomesia capanea is a species of butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in South America.
 Sapromyza halidayi is a species of small flies of the family Lauxaniidae. This small fly reaches a length of 4–5 millimetres (0.16–0.20 in). The basic color is reddish-orange. The front femora has dark tips.
 Morphinae is a subfamily of Nymphalidae butterflies that includes the morphos the owl butterflies (Caligo) and related lineages. It is either considered a sister group of the Satyrinae or disassembled and included therein.
 Mesenochroa guatemalteca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Guatemala.
 The Northern Alligator Lizard (Elgaria coerulea) is a medium-sized lizard that occurs on the North American west coast.
 Elaphrus comatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Goulet in 1983.
 Scarabeiformia is an infraorder of beetle (coleoptera).
 Ramphotyphlops waitii is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Pempeliella matilella is a species of snout moth. It is found on Sardinia and Corsica.
 Dasyophthalma creusa is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Brazil from Bahia to Rio Grande do Sul.The larvae feed on Bactris species Geonoma schottlana and Astrocaryum aculeatum or Astrocaryum vulgare.
 Larus is a large genus of gulls with worldwide distribution (although by far the greatest species diversity is in the Northern Hemisphere). Many of its species are abundant and well-known birds in their ranges.
 Triplofusus princeps is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Bryotropha arabica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain France Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia and Greece as well as on Crete Cyprus and Sicily. Outside of Europe it is found in Turkey North Africa (Morocco Algeria Tunisia Libya) the Middle East (Israel Lebanon Syria) Saudi Arabia Yemen Iraq Iran and Turkmenistan.The wingspan is 12–17 mm. The forewings are grey to ochreous brown mottled with black.
 Bembicium melanostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Mylabris pustulata is a species of blister beetle belonging to the Meloidae family found in South Asia. Adults feed mainly on flowers from a wide range of plant families. The first larval instar is an active triungulin form that is a predator of soft insects such as aphids. While the young are often beneficial to crops by suppressing other plant feeders the adults can be a problem when present in large numbers.
 Pavoclinus is a genus of clinids found in the southeastern Atlantic and western Indian Ocean coastal waters of southern Africa.
 The Chinese moon moth (Actias sinensis) is a moth of the Family Saturniidae.
 Paroreomyza is a genus of finch in the Fringillidae family. It contains the following species: Kākāwahie (Paroreomyza flammea) -extinct 1963 O'ahu 'Alauahio (Paroreomyza maculata) Maui 'Alauahio (Paroreomyza montana) Lanaʻi ʻAlauahio (Paroreomyza montana montana) -extinct
 Hiperantha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Hiperantha bella Saunders 1869 Hiperantha boyi Thery 1936 Hiperantha decorata (Gory 1841) Hiperantha fontainieri Thery 1928 Hiperantha hoscheki Thery 1943 Hiperantha interrogationis (Klug 1825) Hiperantha langsdorffii (Klug 1825) Hiperantha menetriesii Mannerheim 1837 Hiperantha pallida Obenberger 1922 Hiperantha pilifrons Kerremans 1903 Hiperantha quadrisignata Hoscheck 1928 Hiperantha sallei Rojas 1855 Hiperantha sanguinosa Mannerheim 1837 Hiperantha saundersi Thery 1928 Hiperantha speculigera (Perty 1830) Hiperantha stempelmanni Berg 1889 Hiperantha stigmaticollis Desmarest 1843 Hiperantha terminalis (Gory & Laporte 1839) Hiperantha testacea (Fabricius 1801) Hiperantha theryi Hoscheck 1928 Hiperantha vittaticollis Desmarest 1843↑
 Spirorbis is a genus of very small (2-5mm) polychaete worms usually with a white coiled shell. Members of the genus live in the lower littoral and sublittoral zones of rocky shores. Spirorbis worms usually live attached to seaweeds but some species live directly on rocks shells or other hard substrates. Spirorbis was once thought to have a fossil record extending back into the Early Paleozoic but now all pre-Cretaceous spirorbins are known to be microconchids.
 Melemaea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Clavatula matthiasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Xanthodisca astrape the False Pathfinder Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of the edges of forests and forest clearings.Adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Trachyphrynium braunianum.
 Aetheretmon is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Felimida neona also known as the Neon Sea Goddess is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch; it is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. It was described by Ernst Marcus in Brazil in 1955.
 Haematopota is a genus of fly in the horse-fly family Tabanidae. Among the horse-flies they are most commonly known as clegs.
 Eleutherodactylus spanios is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mitromica dicksoni is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Chazaria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Thermocyclops is a genus of crustacean in family Cyclopidae. It was first described and later extensively researched by Friedrich Kiefer who discovered some 20 species. The species and subspecies of the genus inhabit fresh and brackish waters alike (rarely ground waters) all around the world although most are from tropical areas.The genus contains the following species:
 The Rustic (Cupha erymanthis) is a species of brush-footed butterfly found in forested areas of tropical South Asia and Southeast Asia.
 Lymantria dispar japonica commonly known as the Japanese Gypsy Moth is a moth in the family Erebidae of Eurasian origin.
 The Hawaiian Crow or ʻAlalā (Corvus hawaiiensis) is a species of bird in the crow family Corvidae. It is about the size of the Carrion Crow at 48–50 centimetres (19–20 in) in length but with more rounded wings and a much thicker bill. It has soft brownish-black plumage and long bristly throat feathers; the feet legs and bill are black. Some Native Hawaiians consider the Hawaiian Crow an ʻaumakua (family god).
 Eupithecia boneta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Aphelinus abdominalis is a parasitoid wasp and biocontrol agent used to control several aphid species that are pests of agricultural crops including the potato aphid Macrosiphum euphorbiae.
 Emmelina suspiciosus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 24 mm. The forewings are brownish‑grey and the markings are dark brown. The hindwings and fringes are brownish‑grey. Adults are on wing in January and June.
 Cratogaster is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cratogaster melas (Castelnau 1867) Cratogaster occidentalis W.J.Macleay 1888 Cratogaster robusta (W.J.Macleay 1883) Cratogaster sulcata Blanchard 1843 Cratogaster unicolor (Hope 1842)↑
 Rossiteria pseudonucleolus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Pterotopteryx monticola is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Zagulajev in 1992. It is found in Russia.
 Agriphiloides is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Chamaesphecia lemur is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Medium-sized caponiids with only two eyes and carapace uniformly orange. N. guanabacoae is the type species of genus Nops more information on this article.
 Bucculatrix pomifoliella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Pennsylvania Virginia New Jersey New York Massachusetts Maine Ontario Ohio Tennessee North Carolina Missouri Utah Washington British Columbia Indiana Manitoba Quebec and West Virginia.The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm. The forewings are creamy white obscured by a slight to dense dark dusting of brown-tipped scales.
 Pustulatirus sanguineus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Sinoceratidae is a family of orthoceroids named for the genus Sinoceras both by Shimizu and Obata 1935 and equivalent to the Michelinoceratinae Flower 1945.The Sinoceratidae are characterized by relatively long septal necks in the siphuncle reaching as much as half way between septa in the chambers; sparse cameral deposits and apparently none within the siphuncle.The inclusion of the Sinoceratidae in some classifications in the Lituitida instead of the Orthocerida is based in part on the idea that the Lituitidae are included in the Orthocerida rather than as originally perceived in the Tarphycerida.
 The Green Keelback Macropisthodon plumbicolor also called the Lead Keelback is a species of snake found in parts of Asia.
 Alcidion apicalis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1864 and is known from Brazil.
 Xanthodaphne is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 Orangia is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Distagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida which existed in what is now Queensland Australia. It was described by Shergold in 1972 and the type species is Distagnostus ergodes.
 Elimia aterina is a species of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Sicyopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Eurasian lynx (Lynx lynx) is a medium-sized cat native to European and Siberian forests Central Asia and East Asia. It is also known as the European lynx common lynx the northern lynx and the Siberian or Russian lynx. While its conservation status has been classified as Least Concern populations of Eurasian lynx have been reduced or extirpated from western Europe where it is now being reintroduced.
 Palaeomicroides is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the insect order Lepidoptera within the family Micropterigidae.
 Cratacanthus dubius is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Cratacanthus.
 Lecteria is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Eupithecia aduncata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 The frigatebirds are a family Fregatidae of seabirds. There are five species in the single genus Fregata. They are also sometimes called Man of War birds or Pirate birds. Since they are related to the pelicans the term frigate pelican is also a name applied to them. They have long wings tails and bills and the males have a red gular pouch that is inflated during the breeding season to attract a mate.Frigatebirds are pelagic piscivores that obtain most of their food on the wing.
 Pseudeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Von der Decken's Hornbill (Tockus deckeni) is a hornbill found in East Africa especially to the east of the East African Rift from Ethiopia south to Tanzania. It is mainly found in thorn scrub and similar arid habitats. It often includes Jackson's Hornbill as a subspecies. It was named after the German explorer Baron Karl Klaus von der Decken (1833–1865).
 Genysa is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Madagascar.
 Odostomia aequisculpta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eois dissimilis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Indian Subregion.
 Hellinsia excors is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia (eastern Siberia).
 The Klages's Antwren (Myrmotherula klagesi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is endemic to Brazil. It is named after the collector of the first specimen Samuel M. Klages (1875-1957).Its natural habitat is the canopy and edges of varzea forest. It is threatened by habitat loss and is listed by IUCN as near-threatened.
 The Podolsk mole rat (Spalax zemni) is a species of rodent in the Spalacidae family. It is an endemic of western and central Ukraine.
 Lymantria serva the Serva tussock moth Ficus tussock moth Xian-yue-du-er (Crescent-moon tussock moth) or Hung-do-er (Rainbow tussock moth) (in Chinese) is a moth in the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Nepal India (Assam) and China (Yunnan). It is possibly also found in Taiwan and Hongkong but these records might in fact be Lymantria iris.The length of the forewings is 17–19 mm for males and 26–36 mm for females.The larvae feed on Ficus species and Shorea robusta.
 Jaroslavia ianthinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Jaroslavia.
 Phalonidia docilis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamy with ochreous creamy suffusions which are darkest in the distal third of the wing. The costal strigulation is brown. The hindwings are brownish grey but paler basally.
 Barcaldine (1878) was an outstanding undefeated British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He succeeded in carrying on the Matchem sire-line which would have died out in Europe without his sons and grandsons. In the US he passed on his sire-line through Man o' War via the exported Australian.
 Notropis leuciodus is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. Its common name is the Tennessee shiner. It is native to the southeastern United States.
 Amerila fumida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1901. It is found in Indonesia (Halmaheira Islands and Timor).
 The Sierra Nevada Brush Finch (Arremon basilicus) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is found in the undergrowth of humid forest especially near edges at altitudes of 300 to 1200 metres (980 to 3940 ft) in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in northern Colombia.
 Cocculina is a genus of sea snails deep-sea limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cocculinidae.
 The Stork-billed Kingfisher (Pelargopsis capensis) (formerly Halcyon capensis) is a tree kingfisher which is widely but sparsely distributed in the tropical Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia from India and Sri Lanka to Indonesia. This kingfisher is essentially resident throughout its range.This is a very large kingfisher measuring 35 to 38 cm (14 to 15 in) in length. The adult has a green back blue wings and tail and grey head. Its underparts and neck are buff.
 Cepola is a genus of marine fish in the bandfish family Cepolidae. The name red bandfish is applied to all members of this genus but particularly C. macrophthalma and generally not C. australis which is also known as the Australian bandfish.Five species are recognised and there may be a sixth as yet undescribed from the waters near Bermuda.The oldest recorded recipe is for C. macrophthalma.
 Glyptostoma is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Megomphicidae. These are large (to about 40 mm or 1.5 inches in diameter) dark brown snails much shorter than wide. They are found in hilly areas or low mountains along the Pacific coast of North America from California to Baha California.
 Anomoeotes phaeomera is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is known from Angola and Cameroon.
 Mastobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Allomymar is a little-known genus of chalcid wasps belonging to the family Aphelinidae. It is possible that Allomymar belongs in the genus Encarsia.
 Parerigone is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Euglandina daudebarti is a species of large predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 Scutiger nyingchiensis is a species of toad found in the Himalayas (China India Nepal Pakistan). It is an alpine species associated with streams in moist forested and grassland habitats in hilly areas. Its type locality is Nyingchi in Tibet at the altitude of 3040 m (9970 ft).
 Galearctus is a genus of slipper lobsters comprising the following species:Galearctus aurora (Holthuis 1982)Galearctus avulsus Yang Chen & Chan 2011Galearctus kitanoviriosus (Harada 1962)Galearctus rapanus (Holthuis 1993)Galearctus timidus (Holthuis 1960)Galearctus umbilicatus (Holthuis 1977)↑ ↑
 Orvilleus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The genus's lone-described species Orvilleus crassus is found only in Panama.
 Anidiops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia.
 Nimravides is a genus of extinct saber-toothed felids that lived in North America during the middle and late Miocene between 13.6 and 4.9 Ma. Despite its scientific name Nimravides does not belong to the Nimravidae but is a true felid belonging to the family Felidae.The earlier species of the genus like Nimravides pedionomus from Clarendonian deposits are smaller and more primitive than later forms like Nimravides catacopsis.
 Coptoproctis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Delma molleri (commonly known as Gulfs delma olive legless lizard and patternless delma) is a small [the snout-vent length of the largest specimen measured 111 mm (4.4 in)] limbless lizard found in southern South Australia around the Adelaide Hills and pretty common in Adelaide suburbs. Delma molleri has been recorded from a variety of habitats ranging from grassland to woodland beneath rocks timber and rubbish.The nucleotide (DNA/RNA) and protein sequences of D.
 Hista fabricii is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Brazil. It mainly occurs in the southern and south-eastern parts of the country in areas with Atlantic forest.The length of the forewings is 34 mm for males and 42 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown with two or three hyaline spots at the apex. The hindwings are reddish orange with an extradiscal spotband resembling a spiral.
 Nicrophorinae is a subfamily of burying beetles or carrion beetles. There are 65 living species of this subfamily and 3 fossil species.The only tribe is Nicrophorini.
 Eirenis barani commonly known as Baran's dwarf racer is a species of snake in the Colubridae family. It is endemic to the Near East.
 Tipulamima festiva is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from the Republic of Congo Cameroon and Gabon.
 Ypsolopha elongata is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America including Utah.
 Scolopendracarus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Phalonidia lochites is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 The Rufous-fronted Prinia (Prinia buchanani) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in India and Pakistan.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Biston bengaliaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Yunnan Tibet) India Bengal and Thailand.
 Prionapteryx lancerotella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 17-20 mm.
 The Dingy Scrub-Hopper (Aeromachus dubius) is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 Stigmella auricularia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from the southernmost part of Primorskiy Kray in the Khasan District (near the Korean border) in Russia.
 Torellia cornea is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Clathrina helveola is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Australia.
 Tonna tenebrosa is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 The upland combshell scientific name Epioblasma metastriata is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Ceralocyna seticornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Mehteria is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Megasoma Thersites is found in Mexico.
 The Austral Pygmy Owl (Glaucidium nana) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family.It is found in Argentina and Chile.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Teratauxta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Mugimaki Flycatcher (Ficedula mugimaki) is a small passerine bird of eastern Asia belonging to the genus Ficedula in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. The name mugimaki comes from Japanese and means wheat-sower. The bird is also known as the Robin Flycatcher.
 Coleophora oligostropha is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Hydrorion (meaning 'water hunter') is an extinct genus of plesiosaur. It was found in Jurassic formations in Germany. The only species is Hydrorion brachypterygius.
 Troughton's Sheath-tailed Bat Taphozous troughtoni is a species of sheathtail bat in the family Emballonuridae found only in Australia.
 Discus engonatus is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae the disk snails.Discus engonatus was listed as Data deficient in the 1996 IUCN Red List but it is considered to be extinct.
 Isocrinidae is one of four extant families of crinoids in the order Isocrinida. It has three genera.
 Oxylychna are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Gauruncus ischyros is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).The wingspan is 16-17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish tinged with brown-grey and with ferruginous suffusionsand brown spots. The hindwings are brownish cream.
 The Alpine Grizzled Skipper (Pyrgus andromedae) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). This species is found up to fairly high altitudes in the Alps and Pyrenees and also at lower elevations in northern Scandinavia where its range extends well into the Arctic Circle. It prefers damp habitats and is often found near to water.
 The Southern Beardless Tyrannulet (Camptostoma obsoletum) is a small passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds from Costa Rica through South America south to Paraguay Bolivia and Argentina.
 Xestia quieta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from northern Scandinavia northern Siberia and northern North America (including Nunavut the Northwest Territories Yukon and Manitoba).The wingspan is 25–29 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July in Sweden.The larvae possibly feed on Empetrum species.
 Aeschrotes is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Conus tenuistriatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Tombaatar is a mammal genus that existed during the Mongolian Upper Cretaceous Period. It co-existed with some of the late dinosaurs. This animal was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and family Djadochtatheriidae. The genus Tombaatar was named by Rougier G.W. Novacek M. and Dashzeveg D. in 1997.The species Tombaatar sabuli is known from remains found in the Upper Cretaceous Djadokhta Formation of Ukhaa Tolgod Mongolia.
 The ghost catshark Apristurus manis is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae found on the continental slopes in the northwest Atlantic off Massachusetts and the northeast Atlantic from the Porcupine Bank west of Ireland at depths between 600 and 1900 m. Its length is up to 85 cm.Reproduction is oviparous.
 The Common Quaker (Orthosia cerasi) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. Some authors prefer the synonym Orthosia stabilis (Denis & Schiffermüller 1775). It is distributed throughout Europe and is also found in Turkey Israel Transcaucasia Russia and eastern Siberia.This is a variable species the ground colour of the forewings ranging from greyish to orangey brown sometimes with a broad dark band.
 Campyloceras is a Lower Carboniferous (Mississippian) pseudorthocerid that has an elongate moderately curved shell. Curvature is greatest toward the apex and lessens in the adult portion. The siphuncle is central to subcentral with moderately to strongly inflated segments. Cameral depostis are well developed on the convex side toward the apex while only thin on the concave side making the curvature exogastric. Campyloceras named by McCloy in 1844 is related to Pseudactinoceras.
 Jerdon's Babbler (Chrysomma altirostre) is an endangered passerine bird from South Asia. Formerly placed in the Timaliidae family – hence the common name babbler – the genus Chrysomma and its relatives are actually closer to the typical warblers and parrotbills in the Sylviidae.The common name commemorates the surgeon-naturalist Thomas C. Jerdon.
 Platytroctes is a genus of tubeshoulders.
 Amata olinda is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia.
 Sphincterochila is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Sphincterochilidae.Sphincterochila is the type genus of the family Sphincterochilidae.Species in the genus Sphincterochila are arid-adapted (adapted to living in very dry conditions).
 Mionochroma subnitescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gounelle in 1911. It is known from Brazil.
 Lunella granulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 The Azores Wood Pigeon Columba palumbus azorica (Portuguese: pombo-torcaz-dos-açores) is an endemic subspecies of the Common Wood Pigeon (Columba palumbus) located in the Atlantic Azores islands of Portugal. This endemic subspecies is the only live pigeon present in the Laurel forest habitat of the Azores Islands.
 Callulops humicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Discopus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Discopus antennatus (Guérin-Méneville 1855) Discopus buckleyi Bates 1880 Discopus comes Bates 1880 Discopus eques Bates 1880 Discopus patricius Bates 1880 Discopus princeps Bates 1880 Discopus spectabilis (Bates 1861)↑
 Cyana togoana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Togo.
 Perdicella ornata is a species of tropical tree-living air-breathing land snails arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Apterichtus equatorialis the Finless eel or the Equatorial eel is a species of snake eel native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from the Gulf of California to Panama and around the Galapagos Islands. This species can be found at depths of from 106 to 125 metres (348 to 410 ft) inhabiting areas with bottoms of sand or mud.
 The Cream Wave (Scopula perlata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (including Tasmania New South Wales South Australia and Victoria) as well as Indonesia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are variable in colour ranging from pale green to yellow.The larvae have been reared on Myosotis arvensis. They are fawn with small lateral dots on each side. Early instars are striped but these stripes disappear in later instars.
 Germain's Peacock-Pheasant (Polyplectron germaini) is a pheasant that is endemic to Indochina. The name commemorates the French colonial army's veterinary surgeon Louis Rodolphe Germain.
 Blastobasis ianella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Thailand.The length of the forewings is 6.3-7 mm. The basal third of the forewings is pale brown intermixed with a few brownish-grey scales tipped with pale brown. The distal 2/3 has brownish-grey scales tipped with pale brown intermixed with a few pale brown scales. The hindwings are pale greyish brown.
 Eleutherodactylus rhodostichus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fusinus zacae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Giant petrels is a genus Macronectes from the family Procellariidae and consist of two species. They are the largest birds from this family. Both species are restricted to the Southern Hemisphere and though their distributions overlap greatly with both species breeding on the Prince Edward Islands Crozet Islands Kerguelen Islands Macquarie Island and South Georgia many Southern Giant Petrel nest further south with colonies as far south as Antarctica.
 Clavagellidae is a family of very unusual marine bivalves of the Order Pholadomyoida. It contains fourteen species in one genus.
 Siphonochelus stillacandidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Tochara is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.This genus resembles Hypospila with the differences of a long bipectinated antennae in the male a longer third segment of the labial palps and a distinctive dark spot on the hindwings.
 Hypotacha nigristria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Striped Barb redirects here. This may also refer to the related Greenstripe Barb (P. vittatus).Desmopuntius johorensis the Striped barb is a species of cyprinid fish Cyprinidae native to the Malay Peninsula to Borneo where it is found in the shallows of rivers streams and ditches. This species can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. It is commercially important to local fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Black-tailed Nativehen (Tribonyx ventralis) is a rail native to Australia and New Zealand.
 The long-tailed mouse (Pseudomys higginsi) is a native Australian rodent found only on the island of Tasmania. The long-tailed mouse is an omnivore that feeds on insects and a range of plants. It is found in forested areas particularly in sub-alpine scree and may live in burrows.The species reaches a weight of about 70 grams. It is distinguished from other species by its two-tone tail which is white on the underside and dark above.
 Rhabdalestes leleupi is a species of fish in the Alestidae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.
 Leptasterias hexactis is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae commonly known as the six-rayed star. It is found in the intertidal zone of the western seaboard of the United States. It is a predator and is unusual among starfish in that it broods its eggs and young.
 Dysommina rugosa is an eel in the family Synaphobranchidae (cutthroat eels). It was described by Isaac Ginsburg in 1951. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western Atlantic and eastern central Pacific Ocean including Georgia U.S.A.; Suriname and Hawaii. It dwells at a depth range of 260-775 metres and is found off the continental slope. Males can reach a maximum total length of 37.1 centimetres.
 Pentacitrotus quercivorus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are black with light orange-pinkish markings edged at a short distance with shining violet-metallic lines. The hindwings are yellowish-orange but the anal half is pale ochreous.The larvae feed on Quercus semicarpifolia.
 Ulochora is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Conus obscurus common name the obscure cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Ecpyrrhorrhoe rubiginalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Central and Southern Europe.The wingspan is 16–22 mm.The larvae feed on Stachys officinalis Galeopsis tetrahit and Ballota nigra.
 Scotorythra diceraunia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai and Maui.Larvae have been reared from guava.
 Common names: Red spotted pitviper.Trimeresurus jerdonii xanthomelas is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China.
 Protodarcia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Elachista acenteta is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Nova Scotia Ontario Quebec Colorado and Nebraska.The length of the forewings is 4.5-6.2 mm. The basal 1/5 of the costa of the forewings is grey. The ground colour is snow-white. The hindwings vary in colour from dark to light grey. The underside of the wings is grey.
 Pediasia matricella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Italy Austria Hungary Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Ukraine Russia. In the east the range extends to Transcaucasia Asia Minor Turkmenistan Jordan Syria Iran and Israel.
 Coralliogalathea humilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Galatheidae.
 Lord Gyllene (born 10 November 1988) was a New Zealand bred racehorse whose greatest victory came in the 1997 Grand National at Aintree. He was trained by Steve Brookshaw for owner Sir Stanley Clarke CBE and ridden by Tony Dobbin. Lord Gyllene was retired by his owner in 2001 due to injury.
 The Yellow snake-eel (Ophichthus zophochir) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan and Charles Henry Gilbert in 1882.
 The pyjama shark or striped catshark (Poroderma africanum) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae endemic to the coastal waters of South Africa. This abundant bottom-dwelling species can be found from the intertidal zone to a depth of around 100 m (330 ft) particularly over rocky reefs and kelp beds. With a series of thick parallel dark stripes running along its stout body the pyjama shark has an unmistakable appearance.
 Pieriballia is a genus of butterflies in the Pieridae family. It consists of only one species Pieriballia viardi the Painted White or Viardi White. It is found from Mexico to Bolivia and Paraguay. Strays can be found in southern Texas. The habitat consists of rainforests and transitional cloudforests.The wingspan is about 57 mm (2.2 in).The larvae feed on Capparis pseudocacao.
 Metamynodon is an extinct genus of amynodont perissodactyls and is among the longest lived genera of amynodonts having first appeared during the late Eocene and becoming extinct during the early Miocene when it was supplanted by the semiaquatic rhinoceros Teleoceras. Its fossils have been discovered in the United States (White River Fauna) Mongolia and China.
 Digama insulana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka and Vietnam.The wingspan is 24-29 mm.
 Spinipalpa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Palaemnema reventazoni is a species of damselfly in family Platystictidae. It is endemic to Costa Rica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupithecia bella is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia (Amur).
 Megistocera is a genus of true crane fly.
 Eugoa gracilisa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in western Malaysia.
 The Tufted Thyatirid Moth (Pseudothyatira cymatophoroides) is a moth of the Drepanidae family and the only member of the genus Pseudothyatira. It is found in Newfoundland British Columbia Northern California Maryland West Virginia Kansas and North Carolina.The wingspan is 38–44 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Betula nigra Betula populifolia and Prunus virginiaca.
 The Chestnut-tipped Toucanet (Aulacorhynchus derbianus) is a South American species of bird in the Ramphastidae family. It occurs in humid highland forests along the east Andean slope from southernmost Colombia to Bolivia. It was formerly considered conspecific with Whitely's Toucanet.
 Xanthocastnia is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae containing only one species Xanthocastnia evalthe which is widespread in the Neotropical ecozone ranging from southern Mexico to southern Brazil.Adults are day-flying.
 Pterocalla oculata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Tephritidae.
 Calliotropis rostrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Speiredonia mutabilis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India Ceylon Vietnam Taiwan the Philippines from Sundaland eastwards to Australia the Solomon Islands New Caledonia Vanuatu Fiji and Tonga.The larvae feed on Acacia species.
 Chilonopsis blofeldi was a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae. This species was endemic to Saint Helena. It is now extinct.
 Blastobasis neniae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 5.7 mm. The forewings are pale-brown intermixed with brown scales or pale-brown scales tipped with white intermixed with brown scales tipped with pale brown and a few dark-brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Basilotritus is a genus of basilosaurid early whale known from the early late Middle Eocene (late Lutetian to Bartonian 42 to 37.2 million years ago) of the Ukraine and the United States.
 Cigaritis avriko the Fine Silverline is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea (the Nimba Mountains) Sierra Leone (the Loma Mountains) southern Burkina Faso Togo Nigeria Cameroon Uganda western Kenya and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of savanna.The larvae are tended by ants of the Pheidole genus which transport them into galls on Acacia drepanolobium in which they live. The larvae seem to feed on both ant secretions and on the lining of the galls.
 Urophora pantomelas is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Problepsis longipannis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 The Red-winged Laughingthrush (Trochalopteron formosum) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family. The plumage is mostly brown with large areas of red in the wings and tail. The crown and ear-coverts are grey with dark streaks and the throat is dark. The bill and feet are blackish. It has a loud whistling song and is 27 to 28 centimetres long.
 Mesopristes elongatus is a species of fish in the family Terapontidae known by the common name plain terapon. It is endemic to Madagascar where it occurs in several rivers along the eastern coast. Its populations are thought to be decreasing due to habitat loss and degradation which is accelerated by the siltation caused by deforestation.This is a freshwater fish that sometimes enters estuaries. It is caught for food and may be sold in local markets.
 Stegnaster wesseli is a sea star of the family Echinasteridae found around the Bahamas and in the Caribbean from Florida to the Yucatan including the Gulf of Mexico.
 Proxhyle cinerascens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
 Metaspinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Bembidion adygorum is a species of ground beetle from the Trechinae subfamily that can be found in Armenia Georgia and Caucasus.
 Nymphargus siren is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family formerly placed in Cochranella.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Laetilia portoricensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Dyar in 1915. It is found in Puerto Rico.Adults are generally brownish but the costal margin of the forewing is light grey.The larvae have been recorded feeding on unidentified scale insects on Cajanus cajan and the scale insect Saissetia oleae on Spathodea campanulata. They have also been reared on withering stems of Chromolaena odorata.
 Bathyliotina lamellosa common name the spiny wheel shellis a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 Eupithecia insolita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Carabus agnatus is a species of black or purple-coloured beetle from Carabidae family that is can be found in Georgia and Russia.
 Williamson's mouse-deer (Tragulus williamsoni) is a species of even-toed ungulate in the Tragulidae family. It is found in China and Thailand.
 Isistius is a genus of dogfish sharks in the family Dalatiidae. They are commonly known as cookiecutter sharks. Members of the genus are known for their unusual behaviour and dentition.
 Saccogaster is a genus of viviparous brotulas.
 Dendragonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dendragonum gerardi Burgeon 1933 Dendragonum leroyi Basilewsky 1949 Dendragonum pallidum Burgeon 1933 Dendragonum schoutedeni Basilewsky 1950 Dendragonum nyakagerae (Basilewsky 1975) Dendragonum paarmanni (Basilewsky 1975)↑
 Tetracis pallulata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from southern California north to British Columbia east to Idaho (Clearwater County) and western Montana (Lewis and Clark Counties) from near sea level to 2200 meters.The length of the forewings 18-24 mm.
 Xylotrupes ulysses common names elephant beetle coconut palm beetle common rhinoceros beetle or simply rhinoceros beetle is a species of rhinoceros beetle native to Australia.
 Coelosaurus antiquus (antique hollow lizard) is a species of theropod dinosaurs. It was named by Joseph Leidy in 1865 for two tibiae found in the Navesink Formation of New Jersey. This species was later reclassified as a member of the genus Ornithomimus in 1979 by Donald Baird and John R. Horner as Ornithomimus antiquus and this was followed by some later researchers.
 Hoplizomenus carinatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Hoplizomenus.
 Anisopodus andicola is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Kirsch in 1889.
 Paraxanthus barbiger is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Paraxanthus.
 Hypatopa musa is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.8–5.2 mm. The forewings are greyish brown intermixed with greyish-brown scales tipped with white and white scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 Phylolestes ethelae the Hispaniolan Malachite is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae. It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.This species is the only member of its genus.
 The slate pencil urchin Eucidaris thouarsii is a cidaroid sea urchin that inhabits littoral regions of the Pacific Ocean.
 Lasionycta coloradensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains from the Montana-Wyoming border to New Mexico.
 The Banksia bee (Hylaeus alcyoneus) is a bee species endemic to Australia where it is commonly found in the coastal heaths of eastern and southern Western Australia.
 Atolmis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Rhadine persephone is a rare species of beetle known by the common name Tooth Cave ground beetle. It is endemic to Texas in the United States where it occurs in a network of caves outside Austin. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This troglobite is a reddish brown beetle about 7 or 8 millimeters long. Its eyes are rudimentary. It lives on the silt on the cave floors where it runs around seeking food.
 Gopriphis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Acmaeops marginata is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatia Czech Republic Estonia Finland France Germany Greece China Italy Latvia Lithuania Mongolia Montenegro Norway Poland Russia Serbia Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland and Ukraine. Adult beetle feeds on Scots pine and Norway spruce.
 Provanna laevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Electraglaia isozona is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Assam Sikkim) Nepal China (Yunnan) and Vietnam.
 The Fabulous Green Sphinx Moth or Fabulous Green Sphinx Of Kauai (Tinostoma smaragditis) is a species of moth in the Sphingidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Tinostoma.[citation needed] It is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands and was thought to be extinct until it was rediscovered in 1998. Its natural habitats are dry and lowland moist forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gracixalus gracilipes commonly known as the Chapa bubble-nest frog black eye-lidded small treefrog yellow and black-spotted tree frog or slender-legged bushfrog is a species of Shrub frog from northern Vietnam southern China (Yunnan Guangxi Guangdong) and northwestern Thailand.Gracixalus gracilipes are small frogs: males grow to about 22 mm (0.87 in) and females to about 39 mm (1.5 in) in snout-vent length.
 The Common Meadow Blue (Cupidopsis cissus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in most of Africa south of the Sahara.The wingspan is 22–34 mm for males and 23–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to April and May and sometimes in June and July in subtropical areas.The larvae feed on the flowers of Eriosema and Vigna species.
 Gnorismoneura exulis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Taiwan and Japan.
 Cephonodes titan is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ambon.It is the largest species of the Cephonodes genus. The upperside of the head thorax abdomen and wing bases is black. The underside of the thorax is orange while the underside of the wing bases and abdomen is black. The anal tuft is brownish-orange.
 The Halopterididae are a family of cnidarians within the class Hydrozoa.According to the World Register of Marine Species these genera belong to this family:Anarthroclada Naumov 1955Antennella Allman 1877Antennellopsis Jäderholm 1896Astrolabia Naumov 1955Calvinia Nutting 1900Cladoplumaria Ansin Agis Ramil & Vervoort 2004Corhiza Millard 1962Diplopteroides Peña Cantero & Vervoort 1999Gattya Allman 1885Halopteris Allman 1877Monostaechas Allman 1877Nuditheca Nutting 1900Pentatheca Naumov 1955Schizotricha Allman 1883↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2
 Chlorotherion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Chlorotherion consimilis Zacjiw 1962 Chlorotherion punctatus Monné 1998↑
 Callidula plioxantha is a moth of the Callidulidae family. It is found on New Guinea
 Odontomachus brunneus is a species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae found in the southeastern United States parts of Central America and the West Indies.
 Neolimonia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Coleophora tenuis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.
 The thickhead ground snake (Atractus crassicaudatus) is a nonvenomous colubrid snake species with no recognized subspecies endemic to Colombia.
 Caecum atlantidis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Cephalotes chacmul is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Eptesicus taddeii is a species of medium-sized bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae. It is restricted to the Atlantic Forest of southern Brazil.This newly discovered species which has a total length of up to 120 mm is most similar to Eptesicus brasiliensis but can be distinguished from that species by its more robust appearance redder colouring larger muzzle and rounder-shaped ears.The specific name honours the Brazilian zoologist Valdir Antônio Taddei.
 Pomacea diffusa common name the spike-topped apple snail is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 Spilarctia mollis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Černý in 2011. It is found in the Philippines.
 Uncula is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brown-lined Dart (Anaplectoides brunneomedia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from only a few localities in the Appalachian Mountains in West Virginia Virginia Kentucky Tennessee and North Carolina.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.
 Pseudacraea warburgi the Incipient False Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda (from the western part of the country to the Bwamba Valley). The habitat consists of forest.It is a mimic of an Acraea species.The larvae feed on Strephanoma Manilkara and Combretum species.
 Mordellistena miyamotoi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1956.
 Peachia quinquecapitata also known as the twelve-tentacled parasitic anemone is a species of sea anemone in the family Haloclavidae. It is found in the Pacific Northwest. The larva is parasitic on certain species of Anthomedusae.
 Pharnaciini is a tribe of stick insects comprising nine genera.
 Ornithion is a genus of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It contains the following species: Brown-capped Tyrannulet (Ornithion brunneicapillus) White-lored Tyrannulet (Ornithion inerme) Yellow-bellied Tyrannulet (Ornithion semiflavum)
 Lestes sponsa is a damselfly with a wide Palaearctic distribution. It is known commonly as the Emerald Damselfly or Common Spreadwing. Both males and females have a metallic green colour and when resting its wings are usually half opened.
 Pandoflabella guianica is a species of snout moths in the genus Pandoflabella. It is found in French Guiana.
 Cyclophora dispergaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Surinam.
 Saigonita is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Scaly-crowned Babbler (Malacopteron cinereum) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Brunei Cambodia Indonesia Laos Malaysia Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Holocryptis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eilema albidella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Africa.
 Elusa orion is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Roepke in 1956 and is known from New Guinea.
 Heterocallia truncaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Exalarius is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Eulepidotis argyritis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Brazil (Amazonas).
 Fadogia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. The genera Rytigynia and Fadogia form a strongly supported clade but neither of these genera is monophyletic.
 Junco is also a shrub in the genus Adolphia and the Spanish term for rushes (genus Juncus).A Junco /ˈdʒʌŋkoʊ/ genus Junco is a small North American bird. Junco systematics are still confusing after decades of research with various authors accepting between three and twelve species.
 Nagarkot Kukri Snake Oligodon erythrogaster is a species of snake found in India and Nepal.
 Pseudoceros lindae  common name Linda's flatworm is a marine Flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.
 Quasieulia mcguffini is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Durango).
 Cleolophus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Meristis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudoerbia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Sibree's dwarf lemur (Cheirogaleus sibreei) is a small nocturnal lemur endemic to Madagascar.The name of this dwarf lemur commemorates the English missionary and naturalist James Sibree (1836–1929).In 2010 a research team confirmed that they had found the only known living population of Sibree's dwarf lemurs several years before. The species was long believed extinct following the destruction of its first recorded forest habitat.
 The Marsh Fritillary Euphydryas aurinia is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is widespread in the Palaearctic region from Ireland in the West to Yakutia in the East and to North-west China and Mongolia in the South. E. aurinia is represented by many subspecies.The most widely accepted are:E. a. aurinia Central Europe Southern Europe West SiberiaE. a. bulgarica (Fruhstorfer 1916) Carpathian Mountains E. a. laeta (Christoph 1893) Central Siberia Altai Sayan Transbaikal E. a.
 Tinissa goliath is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1976. It is found in New Guinea.
 Emmalocera eurysticha is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Wolffsohn's viscacha (Lagidium wolffsohni) is a rare species of rodents in the family Chinchillidae. It is found in Argentina and Chile. Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
 Eulimella lomana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Cirrhilabrus sanguineus is a species of wrasse native to the coral reefs of the Mauritius. This species can reach a standard length of 6.7 cm (2.6 in). It occurs at depths from 40 to 60 m (130 to 200 ft). It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Phrynella redirects here. For the flowering plant genus see Phrynella (plant).Phrynella pulchra is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family in the monotypic genus Phrynella.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cuanza Vlei Rat (Otomys cuanzensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Angola.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and swamps.
 Haplopsecas is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in Venezuela.
 The speckled pocketbook scientific name Lampsilis streckeri is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae the river mussels. It is endemic to Arkansas in the United States where it is threatened by habitat loss. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This mussel is about 8 centimeters long. It is dark yellow to brown and has chevron-shaped spots and chainlike rays.
 Crax is a genus of curassows from tropical South America. Only the Great Curassow ranges north through Central America as far as Mexico.The variety of male bill ornament shapes and colors is typical for this genus as is a curly crest and a contrasting white or rufous crissum.
 Niphargus sphagnicolus is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae. It is endemic to Slovenia.
 The Razor-billed Curassow (Mitu tuberosum) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found throughout a large part of the Amazon Rainforest though largely restricted to regions south of the Amazon River. Unlike other members of the genus Mitu its crissum is deep chestnut and the tail-tip is white. The Razor-billed Curassow was formerly treated as a subspecies of Mitu mitu but today this scientific name is restricted to the extremely rare Alagoas Curassow.
 Afropomus balanoidea is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails and their allies.Afropomus balanoidea is the only species in the genus Afropomus. Afropomus is the type genus of the subfamily Afropominae.Based on the anatomy mainly that of the reproductive system Afropomus appears to be a primitive genus within the Ampullariidae. This basal position of Afropomus within Ampullariidae has also been confirmed by molecular phylogeny.
 Xenos is a genus of insects belonging to the Stylopidae family. The word derives from the Greek word for strange. A species of the genus is Xenos vesparum first described by Pietro Rossi in 1793The females are permanent entomophagous endoparasites of Polistes paper wasps. They dwell their whole life in the abdomen of the wasp.
 Benimakia cloveri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Hydrillodes is a moth genus in the family Noctuidae. Its validity is somewhat disputed.Species include:
 Phyllodocida is an order of polychaete worms in the subclass Aciculata. These worms are mostly marine though some are found in brackish water. Most are active benthic creatures moving over the surface or burrowing in sediments or living in cracks and crevices in bedrock. A few construct tubes in which they live and some are pelagic swimming through the water column. There are estimated to be about 3500 species in the order.
 Fasciola gigantica is a parasitic flatworm of the class Trematoda which causes tropical fascioliasis. It is regarded as one of the most important single platyhelminth infections of ruminants in Asia and Africa. Estimates of infection rates are as high as 80-100% in some countries. The infection is commonly called fasciolosis.The prevalence of F.
 Rhomboceros is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Dynastaspis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Clathromangelia loiselieri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Phelsuma breviceps is a diurnal species of gecko that is native to south-east Madagascar and typically dwells on trees and bushes. Its diet in the wild consists mainly of insects.
 Robillardia is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Eulimidae family. This genus was described by Edgar Albert Smith in 1889.
 The silver mountain vole (Alticola argentatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in the Tien Shan and Pamir mountains of Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Afghanistan China and Pakistan.
 Orthotylus curvipennis is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Sicily.
 Amphorella producta is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Ferussaciidae. This species is endemic to Madeira Portugal.
 Archileistobrius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Archileistobrius expansicollis Ledoux 1989 Archileistobrius hwangtienyuni Shilenkov & Kryzhanovskij 1983↑
 Trox hamatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Palaephatus latus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It is found in the AraucoProvince of Chile.The length of the forewings is 4.8-5 mm. Adults have uniformly fuscous wings reflecting a slight bronzy iridescence. They are on wing in October in one generation per year.
 The Twenty-plume Moth (Alucita hexadactyla) is a micromoth of the many-plumed moth family (Alucitidae). It is found in Europe and has been introduced into North America.The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Unlike a typical moth which has two pairs of scaly wings Alucita has about twenty thin feathery plumes (with scales on the supporting ribs). It perches with the wings outspread like a fan.
 Dalla cypselus is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia and Bolivia.
 The Fort Maguire Aulonocara (Aulonocara hansbaenschi) also known as Aulonocara 'Fort Maguire' in the aquarium fish trade is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi and Mozambique. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Phycita metzneri is a species of snout moth. It is found in France Italy Croatia Hungary Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece and Turkey.
 Anthracomartidae Haase 1890 is a family of the extinct arachnid order Trigonotarbida.
 Hemicrepidius hirtus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
 Stephensia calpella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Spain and North Africa.The wingspan is about 8 mm. The forewings are greyish brown with a slight fuscous suffusion and sparsely dotted with fuscous scales. The hindwings are brownish grey.The larvae feed on Ballota hirsuta. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large full depth blotch that starts at the leaf margin.
 Asota diana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Solomon Islands and in Indonesia.The wingspan is 56-59 mm.
 Fusinus helenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae.
 Plaudit (1895–1919) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. A descendant of English Triple Crown champion West Australian Plaudit is best known for winning the 1898 Kentucky Derby.Conditioned by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer Edward D. Brown racing at age two Plaudit won four of his twelve starts. After finishing fourth in the Futurity Stakes at Sheepshead Bay Race Track he was bought by noted Kentucky horseman John E.
 Bhanotia is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Physalaemus cuqui is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and possibly Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland ponds irrigated land and canals and ditches.
 Droll Role (foaled 1968 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is best known for a series of wins in major North American turf races in 1972 including the Canadian International Stakes and the Washington D.C. International Stakes
 Bebearia fontaineana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wet forests.
 Alastor is a palearctic indomalayan and afrotropical genus of potter wasps.
 The lar gibbon (Hylobates lar) also known as the white-handed gibbon is a primate in the gibbon family Hylobatidae. It is one of the better-known gibbons and is often seen in zoos.
 Pseudopataecus is a genus of velvetfishes endemic to the waters around Australia.
 Bucculatrix illecebrosa is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California.The wingspan is 7.5-8 mm. The forewings are bright brown the scales below the fold black-tipped. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Helianthus species. The larvae are leaf-skeletonizers. Pupation takes place in a white or pale yellow cocoon.
 Dichomeris limosellus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Norway the Iberian Peninsula and part of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 19–22 mm. Adults are on wing from May to late June and again from July to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Lotus Medicago sativa and Trifolium.
 Coeliadinae is a subfamily of the skipper butterfly family (Hesperiidae). With about 150 described species this is one of several smallish skipper butterfly subfamilies. It was first proposed by William Frederick Evans in 1937.The subfamily is restricted to the Old World tropics. It comprises the most basal living lineage of skippers. In Coeliadinae the second segment of the palpae is erect and densely scaled and the third segment is perpendicular to it long slender and without scales.
 The Green-backed Robin (Pachycephalopsis hattamensis) is a species of bird in the Petroicidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ancistrogobius is a genus of gobies native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Acrocercops rhodospira is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java).The larvae feed on Schleicheria species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Urophora regis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The black buntingi (Oryzias nigrimas) is a species of fish in the Adrianichthyidae family. It is endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Abbott's crested lizard (Gonocephalus abbotti) is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family. It is endemic to Thailand.
 Isadelphina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pleuromnema is a genus of moths of the Geometridae family.
 The Trichocephalida (Trichinellida or Trichiurida in other classifications) is an order of parasitic Nematodes.
 The Hoary-headed Grebe (Poliocephalus poliocephalus) is a member of the grebe family found in Australia and New Zealand. The bird takes its name from the silvery-white streaking on its black head. It is common in Australia with a population of about 500000. Its habitat is similar to that of the Australasian Grebe.
 Pectinivalva primigena is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the south-eastern coast of New South Wales Australia.The wingspan is about 4.3 mm for females.Meyrick beat the single known specimen from Banksia sermta and thought this was probably the host-plant. He also stated that he found nepticulid larvae on this plant but failed to rear them. Moore (1966) illustrated vacated mines on Banksia sermta and Banksia integrifolia which he believed belonged to nepticulids.
 Saphenista glorianda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Nuevo León).
 Olrog's Chaco Mouse (Andalgalomys olrogi) is a species of South American rodent in the family Cricetidae endemic to Argentina. The natural habitat of the species is hot deserts. It is named after Swedish-Argentine biologist Claes C. Olrog.
 Littoraria flava is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Parlatoreopsidina is a subtribe of armored scale insects.
 Lunatia levicula is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Spotted Shag or Parekareka (Phalacrocorax punctatus) is a species of cormorant endemic to New Zealand. Originally classified as Phalacrocorax punctatus it is sufficiently different in appearance from typical members of that genus that to be for a time placed in a separate genus Stictocarbo along with another similar species the Pitt Shag.
 The stoplight loosejaws are small deep-sea dragonfishes of the genus Malacosteus classified either within the subfamily Malacosteinae of the family Stomiidae or in the separate family Malacosteidae. They are found worldwide outside of the Arctic and Subantarctic in the mesopelagic zone below a depth of 500 meters (1600 feet). This genus once contained three nominal species: M. niger (the type) M. choristodactylus and M.
 The six-banded distichodus (Distichodus sexfasciatus) is a species of fish in the Distichodontidae family.
 Cauchas rufifrontella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Benelux the Iberian Peninsula Switzerland Fennoscandia the Baltic region Bulgaria and Ukraine.The wingspan is 9–12 mm.The larvae feed on Valeriana officinalis.
 Cryptosoma is a genus of crabs in the family Calappidae containing the following species: Cryptosoma bairdii (Stimpson 1860) Cryptosoma balguerii (Desbonne in Desbonne & Schramm 1867) Cryptosoma cristatum Brullé 1837 Cryptosoma dentatum Brullé 1839 Cryptosoma garthi Galil & Clark 1996 Cryptosoma orientis Adams & White 1849 Cryptosoma pallidum Selenka de Man & Bülow 1883 Cryptosoma strombi Selenka de Man & Bülow 1883↑
 Panagropsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The eastern mountains tree frog Litoria dorsivena is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Bunostomum species are nematodes of the small intestine of ruminants and camelids. Important species include: B. phlebotomum in calves and B. trigonocephalum in lambs. The worms are stout and measure 1–3 centimetres (0.4–1.2 in) in length. Young animals are most commonly affected and only several hundred worms are necessary to cause morbidity. Adults often carry worms without showing clinical signs.
 Lamontichthys filamentosus is a species of armored catfish found in the Amazon basin of Bolivia Brazil and Peru. This species grows to a length of 16.7 centimetres (6.6 in) SL.
 The Mokanga forest tree frog Leptopelis fiziensis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and possibly Burundi.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Entocolax rimskykorsakovi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Music Note (February 5 2005 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by A.P. Indy and out of the Sadler's Wells mare Note Musicale.
 Leptolepis (Delicate Scale) is an extinct genus of teleost fish that lived from the Middle Jurassic period until the Early Cretaceous. The genus is one of the earliest recognized teleost genera.
 Asida is a large genus of darkling beetles. They have been located around western Europe in particular near the Mediterranean Sea.
 Papilio leucotaenia the Cream-banded Swallowtail is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Burundi Rwanda and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests at altitudes ranging from 2100 to 2300 meters. (Albertine Rift montane forests)
 Amorbia decerptana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama Guatemala and Costa Rica where it is found at altitudes between 200 and 600 meters.The length of the forewings is 8–9.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is straw yellow with two small patches of dark scales at the postmedian fascia. The hindwings are beige.
 The Black-lored Parrot (Tanygnathus gramineus) also known as the Buru Green Parrot is a parrot Endemic to the Indonesian island of Buru. It is a 40 cm (16 in) long green parrot with black lores and a turquoise crown. Males have red beaks and females are gray-brown. The singing is high pitched and more protracted as compared to similar species such as Great-billed Parrot.The bird is rare and either fully or partly nocturnal and therefore is poorly described.
 The Lacrimose Mountain Tanager (Anisognathus lacrymosus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Andean highland forest from Venezuela through Colombia and Ecuador to Peru. Some of its 11 subspecies are quite distinctive and A. l. yariguierum was only scientifically described in 2010.
 Cerbalus aravaensis is a huntsman spider found in the southern Arava Valley of Israel and Jordan. The species was first described by Gorshom Levy of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 2007 though news agencies later reported it in 2010 as a new discovery (with a slightly different spelling) by a team of biologists from the University of Haifa. The spider has a leg span of 14 centimetres (5.5 in) making it the largest member of the Sparassidae family in the Middle East.
 Raphibelus is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Reishia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Bembidion nigropiceum is a small fast-moving water beetle in the Trechinae subfamily.
 Oeneis magna is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Graeser in 1888. It is found from the Altai to southern Siberia and the Russian Far East Mongolia northern China and Korea. The habitat consists of sparse woodlands and mountain tundras.Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on Carex species.
 Red-winged Parrotlet redirects here but see text for details.The Blue-fronted Parrotlet (Touit dilectissimus) is also known as the Red-winged Parrotlet (but see below). It is a parrot in N. South America from E. Panama down the west coastal Andes to Peru with a second population around and south of Lake Maracaibo. It is 15 cm green with a short tail blue forehead with narrow band of red under eye red shoulders and leading edge of underwing and the remaining underwing coverts yellow.
 Telmatobius fronteriensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Chile and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes geothermal wetlands and ponds.
 Pasteur's dwarf gecko is a species of gecko native to Madagascar.
 Trophon triacanthus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Retarded Dagger Moth (Acronicta retardata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Texas north to Manitoba.The wingspan is 25–32 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August depending on the location. There are multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of red maple and sugar maple.
 The Black Lark (Melanocorypha yeltoniensis) breeds in southeast Russia and Kazakhstan. It is partially migratory with birds from the northwest of its breeding range moving south-east to winter further into Russia and neighbouring countries as far as the northern Black Sea coasts in southern Ukraine.This is a bird of open steppe often near water. Its nest is on the ground with 4–5 eggs being laid. Food is seeds and insects the latter especially in the breeding season.
 Eupithecia emittens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Pakistan India and Tajikistan.The length of the forewings is 18–25 mm for males and 19–23 mm for females. The ground colour is brownish or yellowish or grey with transverse stripes.
 Jeune (1989–2006) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in England and Australia and is best known for winning the prestigious Melbourne Cup in 1994. He was an attractive muscular chestnut stallion who sometimes raced in pacifiers. He had an aversion towards wet ground and was most effective on ground which was at least dead.
 Coryphopterus is a genus of gobies mostly found in the western Atlantic Ocean though a couple species are found in the Indian and/or Pacific oceans.
 Ilyrgodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lemaireia loepoides is a species of moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found on Borneo Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia.
 Melieria beckeri is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 Autochloris flavosignata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1931. It is found in Guyana.
 Argiope catenulata also known as the grass cross spider is a species of Orb-weaver spider ranging from India to the Philippines to Papua New Guinea. Like other species of the same genus it builds a web with a zig-zag stabilimentum.
 The long-tailed vole (Microtus longicaudus) is a small vole found in western North America. The Coronation Island vole once considered to be a separate species is now believed to be a subspecies.They have short ears and a long tail. Their fur is grey brown with light grey underparts. They are 18 cm long with an 8 cm tail and weigh about 50 g.These animals are found in alpine meadows and shrubby areas often near streams from Alaska to California.
 Anycles dolosus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 Mordellistena annuligaster is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1936 by Píc.
 Speothos pacivorus is an extinct relative of the Bush Dog whose fossils date from the late Pleistocene. When compared to the Bush Dog S. pacivorus had an overall larger body size and a double-rooted second lower molar.
 Funchalia is a genus of deep-water prawns of the family Penaeidae. Six species are currently recognised:Funchalia danae Burkenroad 1940Funchalia meridionalis (Lenz & Strunck 1914)Funchalia sagamiensis Fujino 1975Funchalia taaningi Burkenroad 1940Funchalia villosa (Bouvier 1905)Funchalia woodwardi Johnson 1868Few specimens of Funchalia are present in museum collections mostly due to the lack of sampling at the great depths where it lives.
 Barred loach (Nemacheilus fasciatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Emmalocera rhodoessa is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Scopula antankarana is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Amethysphaerion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Amethysphaerion eximium Martins & Napp 1992 Amethysphaerion falsus Martins 1995 Amethysphaerion guarani Martins & Napp 1992 Amethysphaerion jocosum Martins & Napp 1992 Amethysphaerion nigripes Martins & Monné 1975 Amethysphaerion submetallicum Martins & Napp 1992 Amethysphaerion trinidadensis (Gilmour 1963) Amethysphaerion tuna Martins 2005↑
 Cleonymia opposita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in Asia Minor expanding northwards to the Armenian-Caucasian Region eastward to Iraq.Adults are on wing from March to April. There is one generation per year.
 Platyischnopidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans. Its members are characterised by the conical rostrum which is covered with sensory pits at the end. Although digging behaviour has only been directly observed in a few taxa it is assumed that all the animals in the family Platyischnopidae are fossorial. The genera included in Platyischnopidae are Skaptopus Platyischnopus Indischnopus Tiburonella Eudevenopus Tittakunara Tomituka and Yurrokus.
 Sympistis anubis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California and the northern Sierra Nevada at altitudes of about 5400 feet.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are on wing in late August.
 Valentibulla is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Paraplatyptilia glacialis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including the type location St. Mary in Glacier County Montana.
 Crioprosopus amoenus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Jordan in 1895.
 Calliostoma fascinans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Hypatopa morrisoni is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are bone-white with greyish brown suffusion. The hindwings are shining pale brownish grey.
 Chloroclystis distigma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Common names: dark-spotted anaconda De Schauensee’s anaconda.Eunectes deschauenseei is a nonvenomous boa species found in northeastern South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Lesser Punch (Dodona dipoea) is a small but striking butterfly found in India that belongs to the Punches and Judies that is the family Riodinidae.
 Lucifuga subterranea or the Cuban cusk-eel is a species of fish in the Bythitidae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Gingidiobora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Clanis peterseni is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
 Asymphorodes albicoma is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Favartia (Favartia) perita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Loxophlebia crocata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1854. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Diptilon is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Scrobipalpa halonella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is only known from localities in Central Europe and Russia (the southern Ural).The wingspan is about 16 mm.The larvae feed on Centaurea scabiosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a corridor created on top of the midrib where it withdraws during feeding pauses. From this main corridor the larvae make irregular branching corridors entering the leaf disk. They frequently move to another leaf.
 Haliotis thailandis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Mirosternus irregularis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 The Boettger's caecilian Siphonops paulensis is a species of caecilian in the family Caeciliidae. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland plantations rural gardens urban areas and heavily degraded former forest.
 Seguenzioidea is a superfamily of minute to medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.
 Scurria plana is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Paranarsia joannisiella is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae. It is the only species in the genus Paranarsia.
 Mordella inornatipennis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1948.
 The Golden Eagle (Aquila chrysaetos) is one of the best-known birds of prey in the Northern Hemisphere. It is the most widely distributed species of eagle. Like all eagles it belongs to the family Accipitridae. These birds are dark brown with lighter golden-brown plumage on their napes. Immature eagles of this species typically have white on the tail and often have white markings on the wings.
 Ectoedemia rosae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in France (Briançon area) and Norway (Vang).The wingspan is 4.5–4.7 mm for males and 5.0–5.2 mm for females. The forewings are dark fuscous and coarsely scaled. The hindwings are grey brown. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Rosa tomentosa and probably Rosa majalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Gymneleotris seminuda the Splitbanded goby is a species of goby native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California to Ecuador. This species can be found on rock or rubble reefs with growths of algae at a depth of from 1 to 23 metres (3.3 to 75.5 ft). This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Phrygionis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mountain coatis are two species of procyonid mammals from the genus Nasuella. Unlike the larger coatis from the genus Nasua mountain coatis only weigh 1–1.5 kilograms (2.2–3.3 lb) and are endemic to the north Andean highlands in South America. Until recently only a single species with three subspecies was recognized. In 2009 this species was split into two species the eastern mountain coati (N. meridensis) from Venezuela and the western mountain coati (N.
 Sphenarches zanclistes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Australia.Its larvae have been recorded feeding on Dolichos lablab Vigna unguiculata and Vigna sava.
 Oncotylus viridiflavus is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Phylinae. It is found in every country of Central south Europe and Scandinavia.
 Cricket frogs genus Acris are small North American frogs of the family Hylidae. They are more aquatic than other members of the family and are generally associated with permanent bodies of water with surface vegetation. The common and scientific names refer to their call which resembles that of a cricket.
 Propebela delicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 Bochicidae is a family of pseudoscorpions distributed throughout the Caribbean Central America and Mexico with one species found as far north as Texas. Members of the family can be diagnosed mainly by features of the claws notably the presence of exactly 12 trichobothria on each claw (members of other similar families possess many more) and a long as opposed to short venom duct.
 The Chinese box turtle (simplified Chinese: 食蛇龟; traditional Chinese: 食蛇龜; pinyin: shìshéguī; literally Snake-eating turtle) also known as the Yellow-margined box turtle or Golden-headed turtle is a species of Asian box turtle. Taxonomically it has been called Cistoclemmys flavomarginata Cuora flavomarginata and Cyclemys flavomarginata. The Integrated Taxonomic Information System uses Cuora flavomarginata.
 Pusula radians the radiant button shellor radiating trivia is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Polygona filosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Scotoecus is a genus of bats in the family Vespertilionidae.
 Ecsenius opsifrontalis known commonly as the Comical blenny in Micronesia is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 5 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds and are commercial aquarium fish.
 Austropyrgus is a genus of minute freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the Hydrobiidae family. Austropyrgus species are endemic to Australia where they are found in virtually all freshwater habitats from high mountain streams to isolated springs in the arid zone.
 Zodarion pythium is a spider species found in Greece.
 Daphnella ornata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Paracles cnethocampoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Blackedge cusk (Ophidion muraenolepis) is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae. Widespread in the Pacific Ocean from Taiwan and the Arafura Sea to Hawaii. Marine subtropical demersal fish up to 15.5 cm long.
 Philautus maosonensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in Vietnam and possibly China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bryophilinae is a subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae.
 Hyalorisia is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Sicus is a genus of fly from the family Conopidae.
 Kourerpeton is an extinct genus of dvinosaurian temnospondyl. Fossils of Kourerpeton were discovered in a window of a barber's shop in either Bisbee or Mesa Arizona. Kourerpeton was named in 1976 with the type and only species being K. bradyi. It was originally assigned to the monotypic family Kourerpetidae which has been alternatively spelled Kourerpetontidae.
 Allotoca is a genus of splitfins endemic to central Mexico.
 Cephetola mariae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic Uganda Kenya and Tanzania.
 Phyllonorycter ostryaefoliella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada (Nova Scotia Ontario and Québec) the United States (including Connecticut Illinois New York Kentucky Maine and Vermont).The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm.The larvae feed on Ostrya species including Ostrya virginiana and Ostrya virginica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside the leaf.
 Atelopus pedimarmoratus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Philiolaus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Osmopleura chamaeropis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily and the only species in the genus Osmopleura. It was described by Horn in 1893. It is known from Georgia and Florida USA.
 Rio Beni titi Callicebus modestus is a species of titi a type of New World monkey endemic to Bolivia.
 †Nododelphinulidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Amberleyoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
 Ectoedemia occultella the Small Birch Leafminer is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It has a Holarctic distribution. It is found in most of Europe east through Russia (where it has been recorded from Murmansk Karelia Leningrad Samara and Tatarstan and Sakhalin) to Japan. It is also present in North America. Mines very similar to that of Ectoedemia occultella have been found on Rosaceae species in Nepal and Japan and these may belong to this species.The wingspan is 5–7 mm.
 Quasisimnia robertsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Pseudoeurycea gigantea is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rissoides desmaresti is a species of mantis shrimp native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.
 The Indian River Tern or just River Tern (Sterna aurantia) is a bird in the tern family . It is a resident breeder along inland rivers from Iran east into the Indian Subcontinent and further to Myanmar to Thailand where it is uncommon. Unlike most Sterna terns it is almost exclusively found on freshwater rarely venturing even to tidal creeks.This species breeds from March to May in colonies in less accessible areas such as sandbanks in rivers.
 Hyblaea puera commonly known as the teak defoliator is a moth native to southeast Asia. The species has also been recently reported to be present in Central America and Africa. The caterpillar feeds on teak and other species of trees common in the region.
 Creatonotos fasciatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Candèze in 1927. It is found in Cambodia Laos and China (Hong Kong).The length of the forewings is about 18.5 mm for males and 19 mm for females.
 Psenopsis is a genus of medusafishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Gavialis is a genus of crocodylians that includes the living gharial Gavialis gangeticus and several extinct species including Gavialis bengawanicus Gavialis breviceps Gavialis browni Gavialis curvirostris Gavialis hysudricus Gavialis leptodus Gavialis lewisi and Gavialis pachyrhynchus. Most species including G. gangeticus come from the Indian Subcontinent while G. bengawanicus is known from Java.
 Neodrillia blacki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Chloritis balatensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.
 African Story (foaled 10 March 2007) is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse racehorse. Originally trained in France he showed promise when racing on turf by winning twice and being placed in several important races before being transferred to race on Tapeta in Dubai in 2012. He won the Godolphin Mile in 2012 and the Burj Nahaar in both 2012 and 2013 before recording his most important success in the 2014 Dubai World Cup.
 The order Afrosoricida (a Latin-Greek compound name which means looking like African shrews) contains the golden moles of southern Africa and the tenrecs of Madagascar and Africa two families of small mammals that have traditionally been considered to be a part of the order Insectivora.Some biologists use Tenrecomorpha as the name for the tenrec-golden mole clade but Gary Bronner and Paulina Jenkins argue that Afrosoricida is more appropriate despite their misgivings about the similarity between the name Afrosoricida and the unrelated shrew subgenus Afrosorex.Traditionally these two families were grouped with the hedgehogs shrews and moles in the Lipotyphla. 
 Yponomeuta myriosema is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Raddea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The sixgill hagfish or snotslang Eptatretus hexatrema is a species of marine fish in the hagfish family (family Myxinidae) of order Myxiniformes. It is native to the South Atlantic Ocean and southwestern Indian Ocean.
 Gonicoelus is a genus of beetles in the family Biphyllidae containing the following species: Gonicoelus affinis Grouvelle 1902 Gonicoelus angustus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus arduus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus armatus Grouvelle Gonicoelus bimargo Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus boliviensis Grouvelle Gonicoelus brevicollis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus cavifrons Grouvelle Gonicoelus celatus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus championi Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus chontalensis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus concolor Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus convexicollis Grouvelle Gonicoelus crispatus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus cultratus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus deplanatus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus difficilis Grouvelle Gonicoelus fryi Grouvelle Gonicoelus germanus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus guatemalenus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus hirtus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus humilis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus hystrix Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus interstitialis Grouvelle Gonicoelus laticollis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus latus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus longicornis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus mediocris Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus mexicanus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus minax Grouvelle Gonicoelus mollis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus monticola Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus muticus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus oopsis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus parnoides Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus planus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus pulvinatus Grouvelle Gonicoelus relictus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus rudis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus rufiventris Grouvelle Gonicoelus securiger Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus segnis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus sellatus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus serricollis Grouvelle Gonicoelus sharpi Grouvelle Gonicoelus spheniscus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus subtilis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus throscoides Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus tricornis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus unicornis Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus vestitus Sharp 1900 Gonicoelus wagmero Grouvelle↑
 Sosineura mimica is a species of moth of the Carposinidae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania.
 The Orthopterida is a superorder of the Polyneoptera that represents the extant orders Orthoptera (grasshoppers crickets and katydids) and Phasmatodea (stick insects and leaf insects). The Orthopterida also includes the extinct orders Titanoptera and Caloneurodea. There is general consensus of monophyly in this superorder based on reduction of the second valvulae an ovipositor derived from the gonoplac and an enlarged precostal region on the forewing.
 Eremanthe is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Turneria is a genus of ants that belongs to the subfamily Dolichoderinae. They form small colonies of fewer than 500 workers and nest in trees and twigs.
 Pygocentrus palometa is a species of piranha native to South America where restricted to the Orinoco Basin.
 Amblyopinae commonly known as eel gobies or worm gobies is a subfamily of elongated mud-dwelling gobies. Their two dorsal fins are connected by a membranous structure and their eyes are highly reduced. They are usually pink red or purple in coloration.
 Amerila castanea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1911. It is found in Nigeria.
 Autoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aphra trivittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It found in Brazil.
 Melese lateritius is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1878. It is found in Surinam.
 †Carelia hyattiana was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea. This species was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
 Nebulosa rudicula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found along the Pacific slope of the Cordillera de Talamanca in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 17.5-18 mm for males. The ground color of the forewings is gray-brown. The hindwings are translucent white almost transparent.
 Evarcha falcata is a species of jumping spider with Palaearctic distribution.Females are about 7 millimetres (0.28 in) long males slightly shorter.Two subspecies are currently recognised:Evarcha falcata nigrofusca (Strand 1900) (Norway)Evarcha falcata xinglongensis Yang & Tang 1996 (China)
 Pseudotylosurus is a genus of needlefishes native to South America.
 Mediavia ildefonsa is a species of snout moths in the genus Mediavia. It was described by Schaus in 1922. It is found in Guatemala.
 Symmetrischemulum is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Indus river dolphin (Platanista gangetica minor) is a subspecies of freshwater river dolphin found in the Indus river (and its Beas and Sutlej tributaries) of Pakistan. This dolphin was the first discovered side-swimming cetacean. It is patchily distributed in five small sub-populations that are separated by irrigation barrages. The Indus dolphin does not form easily defined groups who interact. Instead they're typically found in loose aggregations.
 Elachocharax is a genus of South American darters.
 Van Son’s Brown (Stygionympha vansoni) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa in the northern Cape from the Kamiesberg to the Springbok area.The wingspan is 36–38 mm for males and 38–40 mm for females. Adults are on wing from August to October. There is one generation per year.The larvae probably feed on Poaceae grasses.
 Bolterpeton is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Hyposmocoma ocellata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The type locality is Kaholuamano where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Gymnoscelis exangulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Seram New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
 Macroplea mutica is a species of leaf beetles of the subfamily Donaciinae. It considered to be a Palearctic species but can be found in Central Europe and Turkey.
 Lineatriton is a genus of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It contains the following species: Lineatriton lineolus Lineatriton orchileucos Lineatriton orchimelas
 Eudonia melanographa is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Azores.
 Tegeticula superficiella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in south-western Utah and northern Arizona. The habitat consists of shrub desert and open pine forests.The wingspan is 20.5-30 mm. The forewings are white and the hindwings are dark brown but darker at the apex..The larvae feed on Yucca elata var. utahensis Yucca baileyi and Yucca angustissima var. kanabensis. They feed on developing seeds. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the soil.
 Caloptilia pallescens is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Turkey.
 The New Zealand Bellbird (Anthornis melanura) also known by its Māori names Korimako or Makomako is a passerine bird endemic to New Zealand. It has greenish colouration and is the only living member of the genus Anthornis. The bellbird forms a significant component of the famed New Zealand dawn chorus of bird song that was much noted by early European settlers. The explorer Captain Cook wrote of its song it seemed to be like small bells most exquisitely tuned.
 Pseudalus strigatus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Eugnosta arrecta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Cymoblemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Serrataginella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.Serrataginella is now a synonym of Serrata.
 Uropeltis smithi commonly known as Smith's earth snake or the violet shieldtail is a species of nonvenomous shieldtail snake. It is endemic to India.
 Typhlatya is a genus of shrimp in the family Atyidae. It contains around 16 species of which one is listed by the IUCN as critically endangered (marked CR below) and one is considered vulnerable (marked VU):Typhlatya arfeae Jaume & Bréhier 2005Typhlatya campecheae H. H. Hobbs III & H. H.
 Aulopola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Epiphryne.
 Scopula fuscata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from south-western Saskatchewan west to British Columbia and south to California and Arizona. The habitat consists of montane areas including foothills.The wingspan is 24-28 mm. The wings and body are light tan sprinkled with darker yellow-brown or grey-brown scales. There is one generation per year with adults on wing in late June and early July in the northern part of the range.
 Ornipholidotos etoumbi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of Congo.
 Uttleya ahiparana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Labdia citracma is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Taiwan Japan India and China.The wingspan is 10–15 mm.
 Asymphorodes chalcosoma is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Elachista fucosa is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the dry interior areas of Queensland New South Wales South Australia and Western Australia.The wingspan is 6.4–9 millimetres (0.25–0.35 in). The forewings are pale grey and the hindwings are grey.
 Garra fisheri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Rachiplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Turbonilla santamariana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Asian Rock Agamas are lizards of the genus Paralaudakia (or sometimes Laudakia) found in Eurasia. For African agamas see the genera Agama and Acanthocercus.
 Endoclita yunnanensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Yunnan China.
 The Stripefin poacher (Xeneretmus ritteri) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1915. It is a marine deep water-dwelling fish which is known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean including southern California USA; Baja California Mexico; and an isolated population in the Gulf of California. It dwells at a depth range of 183-366 metres and inhabits soft benthic sediments.
 Prodajus ostendensis is a species of marine isopod in the family Dajidae and is found in the North Sea. It is an ectoparasite of the opossum shrimp Gastrosaccus spinifer. It is normally found living in the host's marsupium and devouring its eggs.
 Crothaema is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
 Agriphila biarmicus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia north-western Russia Estonia Latvia and in the Alps of Switzerland Austria and Italy. It is also found in Canada including Alberta and Quebec.The wingspan is about 19 mm for ssp. paganella and 12–13 mm for European subspecies. The forewings are blotchy dark brown with a whitish discal area and a zigzag subterminal line. There is a row of seven black dots in the terminal line.
 Semioscopis merriccella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Dyar in 1902. It is found throughout the northern United States and southern Canada from the east to the west coast.The length of the forewings is 11-15 mm. The forewings are brown with a black band in the basal anterior region. Adults are on wing from mid March to the end of May. There is probably one generation per year.
 Cnissostages is a genus of moths in the Arrhenophanidae family.
 Nicrophorus didymus is a burying beetle described by Gaspard Auguste Brullé in 1836.
 Metarctia pulverea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda and Uganda.
 Pollex parabala is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Balabac in the Philippines.The wingspan is 10-11 mm. The forewing is narrow and dark brown. The hindwing is unicolorous dark brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark brown.
 Olivella fuscocincata is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 The Raphignathoidea is a superfamily of the Acari (mite) Order Trombidiformes. It contains many predators of small invertebrates while some are herbivores and others parasites.The predatory Raphignathoidea are of some commercial importance as many are suitable for biological pest control.
 Lepista is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The White-throated Treerunner (Pygarrhichas albogularis) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Pygarrhichas.[citation needed]It is found in Chile and Argentina also southern regions of Tierra del Fuego.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Deckenia is a genus of freshwater crabs from East Africa in the family Potamonautidae or sometimes in a family of its own Deckeniidae. The genus was named by Hilgendorf after Karl Klaus von der Decken who collected the first examples during his expeditions to Africa. Both species live in swamps from Eyl in Somalia to Dar es Salaam Tanzania both in coastal areas and further inland.
 The Lupine Blue (Aricia lupini) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from south-western Canada south through much of mountainous and intermountain western United States and high plains to northern Mexico.The wingspan is 22–29 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation in the Sierra Nevada of eastern California. Elsewhere there are several generations from March to July. The larvae feed on Eriogonum umbellatum and Eriogonum fasciculatum.
 Rivetina caucasica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Ceratitella inthanona is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ceratitella of the family Tephritidae.
 Scopula irrufata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 The Red-backed Fairywren (Malurus melanocephalus) is a species of passerine bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia and can be found near rivers and coastal areas along the northern and eastern coastlines from the Kimberley in the northwest to the Hunter Region in New South Wales. Like other fairywrens this species displays marked sexual dimorphism.
 Wetmorella is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Mitromorpha monodi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Gymnelia ethodaea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 Cetopsidium minutum is a species of whale catfish found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela where it occurs in the coastal rivers north of the Amazon to the Orinoco River.
 Purpuricenus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Purpuricenus axillaris Haldeman 1847 Purpuricenus dimidiatus LeConte 1884 Purpuricenus humeralis (Fabricius 1798) Purpuricenus laetus (Thomson 1864) Purpuricenus linsleyi Chemsak 1961 Purpuricenus opacus (Knull 1937) Purpuricenus paraxillaris MacRae 2000↑
 The Chestnut-collared Longspur (Calcarius ornatus) is a small ground-feeding bird from the family Calcariidae which also contains the longspurs.These birds have a short conical bill a streaked back and a white tail with a dark tip. In breeding plumage the male has black underparts a chestnut nape a yellow throat and a black crown.
 Conta is a small genus of South Asian river catfishes native to India and Bangladesh.
 Gygis is a genus of birds in the tern family. It consists of one species White Tern Gygis alba Little White Tern Gygis alba microrhynchaThe Little White Tern is usually considered to be a subspecies G. a. microrhyncha of the White Tern.These are small all white terns of tropical oceans. They nest on coral islands usually on trees with thin branches but also on rocky ledges and on man-made structures. They feed on small fish caught by plunge diving.
 The American silver perch Bairdiella chrysoura is an American fish. Widespread on the eastern seaboard the silver perch is commonly caught by inshore anglers in search of larger species. This fish rarely attains 9 inches (230 mm). Silver perch are an underutilized resource as they are excellent table fare and a welcome addition to any Southern fall fish fry.
 Oreochromis tanganicae is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika and the mouths of its larger affluent rivers. This species can reach a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) SL.
 Heliosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Pheidole gymnoceras is a species of ant discovered and described by Longino J. T. in 2009.
 Cosmosoma erythrarchos is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Anacampsis scintillella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Netherlands Norway Finland most of the Baltic region and Poland.The wingspan is 12–13 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Helianthemum species.
 Lottia filosa is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Mordellistenoda is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Mordellistenoda atrilimbata Shiyake 1997 Mordellistenoda australiensis Ermisch 1963 Mordellistenoda donan Tsuru 2004 Mordellistenoda fukiensis Ermisch 1941 Mordellistenoda ismayi Batten 1990 Mordellistenoda melana Fan & Yang 1995 Mordellistenoda memnonia Shiyake 1997 Mordellistenoda nigricans Shiyake 1997 Mordellistenoda notialis Shiyake 1997 Mordellistenoda trapezoides Batten 1990↑
 Anthias is a genus of colourful fishes in the subfamily Anthiinae. Most species are found at deep reefs in the tropical and subtropical Atlantic often well below depths reachable to a scuba diver. A single species A. noeli is found at deep reefs in the East Pacific.They are red pink orange or yellow and the largest species reach 29 cm (11 in) in length. They typically occur in groups that feed on zooplankton.
 Acrobasis subflavella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Inoue in 1982. It is found in Japan.
 Eleutherodactylus nicefori is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Protaspididae are an extinct marine family of fish-like vertebrates. The protaspidids existed in the early Devonian period representing a transitional form between the Pteraspididae and the Psammosteida bearing the broad head shield shape of the latter due to a more benthic (bottom-dwelling) existence.
 Apamea longula is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in western North America mostly from California to the Great Plains. There are also a few records from areas north including Alberta Yukon and Alaska.The forewing length is 17 to 22 millimeters.
 Common names: Uracoan rattlesnake.Crotalus durissus vegrandis is a venomous pitviper subspecies found only in Venezuela in South America.
 Voracia is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Psychrolutes is a genus of deep-sea fish of the family Psychrolutidae (fathead sculpins). In June 2003 During the NORFANZ Expedition north-west of New Zealand scientists trawled a specimen of P. microporos at a depth between 1013 meters and 1340 meters on the Norfolk Ridge.
 Kedestes nancy is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Kenya (Ukambani country and the Chyulu Hills).
 Chlorocnemis marshalli is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Spotted Forest Skink (Sphenomorphus maculatus) is a species of skink found in Southeast Asia.
 Enneapterygius hollemani known commonly as the Holleman's triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Randall in 1995.
 Chelonodon is a genus of pufferfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Cerithiopsis nutzeli is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Psedaleulia qualitata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 The Umpqua chub (Oregonichthys kalawatseti) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in the United States.
 Alvania rudis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Philbertia shaskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 Eoperipatus totoro is a species of velvet worm belonging to the genus Eoperipatus. The first specimen was caught in Vietnam by P.V. Kvartalnov E.A. Galoyan and I.V. Palko from the Lomonosov Moscow State University and Vietnam-Russia Tropical Centre in November 2007. This velvet worm was described for the first time in 2010 by Vietnamese researchers Thai Dran Bai and Nguyen Duc Anh.
 Rhynchocyclus is a genus of flat-billed tyrant flycatchers. It contains 4 species: Eye-ringed Flatbill Rhynchocyclus brevirostris Pacific Flatbill Rhynchocyclus pacificus Olivaceous Flatbill Rhynchocyclus olivaceus Fulvous-breasted Flatbill Rhynchocyclus fulvipectus
 Cymothoe althea the Western Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and Nigeria. The habitat consists of wetter forests.
 Ectoedemia nyssaefoliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Kentucky Ohio and North Carolina.The wingspan is 4.5–6 mm. There are two or three generations per year. The larvae of the first generation become full-grown in June.The larvae feed on Nyssa sylvatica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is narrow and linear at first then abruptly enlarging into a blotch. The cocoon is pale greenish brown.
 Belocephalus micanopy is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Udea rhododendronalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Italy Switzerland Austria Serbia and Montenegro the Republic of Macedonia Bulgaria Greece Albania and Turkey.
 Calyptra hokkaida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has been found in China and Japan. The larvae length of C. hokkaido is roughly 40 millimetres (1.6 in).
 Titusvillia was a genus of colonial glass sponges that existed during the carboniferous period around 300 million years ago.
 †Partula callifera was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 The Golden Bush Robin (Tarsiger chrysaeus) is a species of songbird in the Muscicapidae family found in the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent and parts of Southeast Asia.It ranges across Bhutan India Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Tibet Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Nannostomus eques commonly known as the diptail or brown pencilfish is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the genus Nannostomus in the Lebiasinidae family of characins. It was first described in 1876 by Franz Steindachner making it one of the first members of the genus to be discovered and described. It is fairly typical of members of this genus being a small elongate fish with prominent horizontal stripes.
 Physiphora laticauda is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Physiphora of the family Ulidiidae.
 Prochilodus nigricans or black prochilodus is a species of freshwater fish from the Amazon Basin in South America.
 Turbonilla bengoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Ailao toad (Bufo ailaoanus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It was discovered in the Ailaoshan National Nature Reserve in Ailao Mountains Yunnan. The toad was first described in 1984 and has not been seen since as it is hard to find and thought to be rare. It is a small toad about 40 mm (1.6 in) in length.
 Betonnia is an extinct genus of cimolestid mammal which existed in New Mexico during the early Paleocene (middle and late Puercan age). Its fossils have been recovered from the Nacimiento Formation San Juan Basin New Mexico. It was first named by Thomas E. Williamson Anne Weil and Barbara Standhardt in 2011 and the type species is Betonnia tsosia.
 Razowskiina fortunearia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Oxychora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Orinoco Piculet (Picumnus pumilus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Colias marcopolo is a butterfly in the family Pieridae found in the Pamir mountains the Hindu Kush and Afghanistan.
 Platynota redingtonensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Arizona.
 Punctapinella tinajillana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Azuay Province).
 Rafalskia olympica is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
 Eremanepsia is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Nicobar treeshrew (Tupaia nicobarica) is a treeshrew species in the Tupaiidae family. It is endemic to the Nicobar Islands where it inhabits the islands' rain forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.The Nicobar treeshrew was first described by Johann Zelebor in 1868.
 Phasianella aethiopica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.
 Barbus sublineatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Ocellated Piculet (Picumnus dorbignyanus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Beck's tree frog (Litoria becki) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Aemene altaica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lederer in 1855. It is found in the Russian Far East (northern and western Altai Middle Amur Primorye southern Sakhalin) China (Xinjiang Heilongjiang) Korea and Japan.
 Chondrina avenacea is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
 Pelinopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Gonipterus scutellatus is a species of weevil in the Curculionidae family. It is commonly known as the eucalyptus snout beetle the eucalyptus weevil or the gum tree weevil. It feeds and breeds on Eucalyptus trees and is endemic to Australia.
 Prototrachia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 Mordella haemorrhoidalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1801.
 Notagogus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Western Saharan spiny mouse (Acomys airensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Mali Mauritania Niger and possibly in Western Sahara western Chad and southern Algeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rocky areas arable land rural gardens and urban areas.
 The Dark-caped Atlantic Spiny-rat Trinomys mirapitanga or Mirapitanga Spiny Rat is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Dysschema pictum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.The larvae feed on the leaves of Mikania hirsutissima Senecio brasiliensis and Vernonia polyanthes.
 Eubetia bigaula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Frankites is an extinct genus of cephalopod from the Triassic period included in the Trachyceratidae a family of mostly evolute ammonites coiled so as all whorls are showing and commonly ornamented with felxious tuburculate ribs. Related genera include Anolcites Daxatina and Trachyceras. Frankites has been found in Nevada British Columbia China India and Italy with a variety of other ceratitid ammonites.
 Lymantria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Hesudra divisa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Himalaya Taiwan and Borneo.The wingspan is 33-53 mm. Adults are on wing in March and May.
 The brush-tailed rock-wallaby or small-eared rock-wallaby (Petrogale penicillata) is a kind of wallaby one of several rock-wallabies in the genus Petrogale. It inhabits rock piles and cliff lines along the Great Dividing Range from about 100 km north-west of Brisbane to northern Victoria in vegetation ranging from rainforest to dry sclerophyl forests.
 Microsyodon is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 The Chiapan Deer Mouse (Peromyscus zarhynchus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 The Madagascan Jacana (Actophilornis albinucha) is a species of bird in the Jacanidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.
 The Flame-crested Manakin (Heterocercus linteatus) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 The Eucharitidae are a family of parasitic wasps known as eucharitid wasps. Eucharitid wasps are members of the superfamily Chalcidoidea and consist of three subfamilies: Oraseminae Eucharitinae and Gollumiellinae. Most of the 55 genera and 417 species of Eucharitidae are members of the Oraseminae and Eucharitinae subfamilies and are found in tropical regions of the world.Eucharitids are specialized parasitoids of ants meaning each species is usually only parasitic of one genus of ant.
 Colostethus elachyhistus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Blastobasis tapetae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.8–5 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 A Grouper from the Western Atlantic that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 41cm in length.
 Julodis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae.
 Bactericera is a psyllid bug genus in the family Triozidae.
 The Chain-dotted Geometer Chain Dot Geometer Chainspotted Geometer or Chain-spotted Geometer (Cingilia catenaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Nova Scotia south to Maryland and west to Kansas and Alberta.The wingspan is 30–40 mm. The wings are white to pale brown or greyish. The antemedial postmedial and terminal lines are composed of black dots.
 Indotipula is a genus of true crane fly.
 Ceryx ciprianii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1937. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Mordellistena dietrichi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1946 by Ray.
 Manicina areolata commonly known as rose coral is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Faviidae. It occurs in shallow water in the West Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea sometimes as small solid heads and sometimes as unattached cone-shaped forms.
 Cyanopepla glaucopoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Leiostyla gibba is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae. This species is mentioned in Annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive. It is one of several species sometimes referred as Madeiran land snail.Leiostyla gibba was listed as Critically Endangered in the 1996 IUCN Red List but it is considered to be extinct.
 The Streak-backed Oriole (Icterus pustulatus) is a medium-sized species of passerine bird from the icterid family (the same family as many blackbirds meadowlarks cowbirds grackles and others including the New World orioles). It is native to Central America and Mexico and is an occasional visitor to the United States.
 Iolaea eucosmia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Uncle Remus was a champion Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby and New Zealand 2000 Guineas in the 1977-78 season.
 Blenniventer violaceotinctus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Blenniventer.
 War Relic (1938-1963) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Odonthalitus is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Parayinites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 The Moluccan Drongo-Cuckoo (Surniculus musschenbroeki) is a species of cuckoo. It is found on Sulawesi and Halmahera islands.
 Double Jay (1944–1972) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by John W. Stanley in Lexington Kentucky he was purchased as a yearling for $19000 by Wilmington Delaware businessmen James V. Tigani and James Boines who raced them under their newly formed partnership Ridgewood Stable.Trained by Walter Duke McCue as a two-year-old Double Jay won six of ten starts. He won two stakes races at Narragansett Park.
 The Little Bunting (Emberiza pusilla) is a passerine bird. It belongs to the bunting and American sparrow family (Emberizidae) a group separated by most modern authors from the true finches (Fringillidae).
 Glycymeris undata or the Atlantic bittersweet is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies and Brazil.
 The Staurotypinae are a subfamily of the Kinosternidae family of aquatic turtles which contains the genera Claudius and Staurotypus.
 Boophis picturatus is a frog species in the family Mantellidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Eupithecia cretata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colorado.The forewings are pale. There is a broad smoky brown terminal band on both wings.
 The yellow-spotted Amazon river turtle or yellow-spotted river turtle (Podocnemis unifilis) is one of the largest South American river turtles. It can grow up to 45 cm long and weigh up to 8 kg. This species can be recognized by its black or brown oval carapace (upper shell) with distinctive low keels on the second and third scutes. Yellow spots on the side of its head give this species its common name. These spots are most prominent in juveniles and fade with age.
 Procephalaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish.
 The Aciculidae are a family of minute land snails which have opercula. (An operculum is a little door that closes the shell when the animal retracts into it.) In other words Aciculidae are terrestrial operculate gastropods. Even though Aciculidae are land snails they live in rather wet conditions among mosses and dead leaves and they have sometimes been described as winkles come ashore.
 Odostomia clathratula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Nebria viridipennis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Georgia and Russia. The species are 13 millimetres (0.51 in) long.
 Corythucha ciliata the sycamore lace bug is a species of lace bug Tingidae that is a pest of sycamores in the New and Old Worlds. In is native to the New world.
 Cyclichthys orbicularis known commonly as the Birdbeak burrfish among other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Diodontidae.The Birdbeak burrfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region from Red Sea to the Philippines.The Birdbeak burrfish is a medium size fish and can reach a maximum size of 30 cm length.
 The Molaccan Prehensile-tailed Rat (Rattus morotaiensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Eilema contorta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fryer in 1912. It is found on the Seychelles.
 Antipodocottus megalops is a sculpin of the family Cottidae found on the continental shelf around New Zealand at depths of between 400 and 600 m. Its length is up to 5 cm
 Netechma indanzana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Acrolophus capex is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Asota trinacria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Borneo Seram and the Philippines (Leyte Luzon Mindoro and Mindanao).
 Hyalurga clara is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1873. It is found in Brazil.
 Hypoaspis miles is a small (0.5 mm) light brown mite that lives in the top ½ in layer of soil. As a natural predator of fungus gnat pupae and snail parasite Riccardoella aspersa it is used by gardeners for biological pest control.Hypoaspis miles and the similar species H. aculiefer are soil-dwelling predatory mites. Hypoaspis mites feed on fungus gnats springtails thrips pupae and other small insects in the soil. The mite is 0.5 mm (1/50 inch) long and light-brown in color.
 Ophidiaster granifer the grained seastar is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae. It is found in the Red Sea and the Indo-Pacific and is the only known species of starfish to reproduce by parthenogenesis.
 Celaenorrhinus sanjeensis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in south-central Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The length of the forewings is 23.5 mm for males and 24.2 mm for females. The ground colour is blackish brown with a cream-coloured band on the forewings of the males. This band is white in females.
 The banded houndshark (Triakis scyllium) is a species of houndshark family Triakidae common in the northwestern Pacific Ocean from the southern Russian Far East to Taiwan. Found on or near the bottom it favors shallow coastal habitats with sandy or vegetated bottoms and also enters brackish water. This shark reaches 1.5 m (4.9 ft) in length.
 Lygropia shevaroyalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in southern India.This species has a wingspan of 34 mm.
 Acrolophus noctivaga is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in the West Indies.
 Australochus is an genus of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
 Anderson's Mabuya or Nine-keeled Skink Eutropis novemcarinata is a species of skink found in Asia.
 Acraea vesperalis the Rare Musanga Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Musanga and Myrinathus species.
 Ebalia tumefacta sometimes called Bryer's nut crab is a species of crab in the family Leucosiidae.
 Netechma delicta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Ypsolopha sarmaticella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Finland Estonia Latvia Russia (Russian plain the West Siberian plain and the South Siberian mountains) and Ukraine.The wingspan is about 15 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Caragana species.
 Gnathostoma spinigerum is a parasitic nematode that causes gnathostomiasis in humans also known as its clinical manifestations are creeping eruption larva migrans Yangtze edema Choko-Fuschu Tua chid and wandering swelling. Gnathostomiasis in animals can be serious and even fatal. The first described case of gnathostomiasis was in a young tiger that died in the London Zoo in 1835. The larval nematode is acquired by eating raw or undercooked fish and meat.G.
 Isometrus navaiae is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Pithecheir is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Red tree rat (Pithecheir melanurus) Malayan tree rat (Pithecheir parvus)
 Rhinecanthus is a triggerfish genus from the Indo-Pacific. They are found at reefs and all except R. abyssus are restricted to relatively shallow depths. They are among the smallest members of the family with no species surpassing 30 centimetres (12 in) in length. They are primarily brownish greyish and white and have strongly contrasingly patterns in yellow orange blue or black.
 Achatia is a moth genus in the family Noctuidae.
 Hypsibarbus macrosquamatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypsibarbus.
 Lioptilodes yungas is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Bolivia. Moths in this species take flight in May and have a wingspan of approximately 24 millimetres. The species name yungas is derived from the region Yungas from whence the species was collected for examination.
 Isis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Rostellaria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs.The genus Rostellaria has become a synonym of Tibia Röding 1798
 Phthonoloba is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Jocara athanasia is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in South America.
 Lophiobagrus is a genus of claroteid catfish native to Africa.
 Glyphipterix dichalina is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from the Seychelles.
 Phenacovolva lenoreae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Cerithium rehderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Aphomia poliocyma is a species of snout moths in the genus Aphomia. It was described by Turner in 1937 and is known from Australia (it was described from Sydney).
 Metareva is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Lamprocyphus is a genus of true weevil family.
 Hypectopa is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Nursery web spiders are spiders of the family Pisauridae. They resemble wolf spiders (family Lycosidae) but they carry their egg sacs by means of their jaws and pedipalps (instead of attaching them to their spinnerets). When the eggs are about to hatch a mother spider will build a nursery tent put her egg sac inside and mount guard outside.
 Rhipis is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 The Mongolian Lark (Melanocorypha mongolica) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family. It is found in China Mongolia and Russia.
 Adenomera araucaria is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Mordellistena celebensis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1925 by Píc.
 Chlanidota vestita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Graciliclava is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Crassispirinae Turridae.
 Enderleinella obsoleta is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. The species are brown coloured.
 Euxesta acuta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Microclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing one species Microclanis erlangeri which is known from arid bush from central Tanzania to eastern and northern Kenya Ethiopia and Somalia.The length of the forewings is 23–26 mm for males and 25–30 mm for females which are generally larger darker more indistinctly marked and have more rounded wings.
 Phyllonorycter quinqueguttella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees Alps Hungary and Ukraine and from Ireland to central Russia.The wingspan is 6-7.5 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and again in AugustThe larvae feed on Salix repens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine that may occupy the entire underside of a small leaf.
 Lupherites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites. It lived during the Jurassic Period which lasted from approximately 200 to 145 million years ago.
 Heterogaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm which lived during the Late Devonian period of Spitsbergen Norway.
 Desmolycaena is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Cicindela chinensis japonica commonly known as the Japanese tiger beetle is a subspecies of cicindela chinensis ground beetles native to Asia.
 Tripterygion tartessicum is a species triplefins widespread in the Mediterranean Sea and Eastern Central Atlantic along the southern coast of Spain from Plage David (Morocco) to Tunisia. Marine tropical demersal fish up to 7.7 cm length.
 Agonum texanum is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Texas United States.
 Parectopa is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Fromia monilis common name Necklace Starfish or Tiled Starfish is a species of starfish belonging to the family Goniasteridae.
 The Seychelles Skink (Trachylepis seychellensis) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found only in Seychelles.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland plantations rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forest and introduced vegetation.
 Euxesta is a genus of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the family Ulidiidae.
 Judge Himes (1900 – after 1908) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was foaled in Kentucky and was the winner of the 1903 Kentucky Derby. Judge Himes was a chestnut colt sired by imported Esher out of the mare Lullaby (by the great racer Longfellow). He was bred at Hartland Stud in Kentucky and was bought by Charles Ellison in September 1901 for $1700.Judge Himes also won the Chicago Hawthorne Handicap Whirlpool Stakes and Oak Park Handicap and raced until he was five years old.
 Virbia epione is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1911. It is found in Peru French Guiana and Costa Rica.
 Ectropina raychaudhurii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Tamil Nadu).The wingspan is 5.3-6.6 mm.The larvae feed on Phyllanthus niruri. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The first instar larva mines the lower layer of spongy parenchyma just above the lower epidermis and makes a small blotch-mine or sometimes a linear mine along the leaf-vein.
 Bruntonichthys is an arthrodire placoderm from the Gogo Reef Formation. It was a small fish having proportionately huge eyes and small jaws. Researchers suggest it may have preyed on small mollusks.
 Calisto zangis is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 The Golden-green carpenter bee Xylocopa aeratus is one of two species of carpenter bee found in the Sydney region of New South Wales in Australia. It gets its common name by its habit of burrowing into wood.It was originally described by F. Smith in 1851 as Lestis aeratus. Its specific epithet is the Latin adjective aeratus bronzed.As its name implies the Golden-green carpenter bee is a metallic green in colour although it may appear purplish or bluish from some angles.
 The false trevally Lactarius lactarius is species of fish in the family Lactariidae currently the sole member of the family.
 Spatalistis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.The original description of this genus by Meyrick is:The antennae in the male are simple. Palpi moderately long porrected second joint rough-scaled above and beneath. Forewings with tufts of scales on surface in the male sometimes with expansible brush of hairs from towards costa anteriorly but without membranous fold; 3 and 4 stalked 7 to termen.
 The little rockfish Acanthoclinus rua is a longfin of the family Plesiopidae found only in New Zealand's subtidal zone and in rock pools at low tide. They are up to 11 cm (4.3 in) in length.
 The sportive lemurs are the medium sized primates that make up the Lepilemuridae family. The family consists of only one extant genus Lepilemur. They are closely related to the other lemurs and exclusively live on the island of Madagascar. For a time this family was named Megaladapidae but the current name was given precedence since the extinct genus Megaladapis was removed from the family.
 Lottioidea is a superfamily of sea snails or limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Patellogastropoda the true limpets.
 Crocota niveata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Austria and Romania.The wingspan is 26–30 mm for males and 23–26 mm for females. Adults are on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on a wide range of low-growing plants. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Rhipidolestes okinawanus is a species of damselfly in the family Megapodagrionidae. It is endemic to Japan.
 The Black-backed Tody-Flycatcher (Poecilotriccus pulchellus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Brachycythara multicinctata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Onychopoda are a specialised suborder of branchiopod crustaceans belonging to the order Cladocera.The suborder Onychopoda is one of the most morphologically distinctive groups of cladocerans. They have only four pairs of legs compared to five or six pairs in Ctenopoda and Anomopoda.
 Daphnusa ailanti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is endemic to Sulawesi.
 Abax is a genus of carabid beetles. There are approximately 100 mostly holarctic species and subspecies in this genus.These beetles are mostly glossy black with parallel striation on elytra. They are carnivorous.
 Alexotypa is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Tetramorium hungaricum is a species of ants in the family Formicidae found in Hungary eastern Austria and Trassylvania Central Europe. It occurs in grasslands of dry south-exposed limestine or dolomitic slopes also on sandy grasslands. Colonies tend to contain few to several (rarely up to few hundred) queens.
 The colourful Princess Parrot Polytelis alexandrae is an Australian bird of the parrot family. Its name was given in honour of Princess Alexandra of Denmark who later married the Prince of Wales Edward VII and eventually became the Queen of England. Other names for the species include: Queen Alexandra Parrot (or Parakeet) Alexandra's Parakeet Princess of Wales Parakeet Rose-throated Parakeet and Spinifex Parrot.
 The gargoyle gecko or New Caledonian bumpy gecko Rhacodactylus auriculatus is a species of gecko found only on the southern end of the island of New Caledonia. Its habitat is threatened by deforestation on the island. This gecko along with several other Rhacodactylus species are being considered for protective measures by CITES which would put restrictions on their exportation. This gecko was first described by Bavay in 1869.
 The zebra spider Salticus scenicus is a common jumping spider. Like other jumping spiders it doesn't build a web. It uses its four pairs of large eyes to locate prey and its jumping ability to pounce and capture it. Zebra spiders are often noted for their awareness of humans. Upon noticing someone observing them they can be seen raising their head and usually change behavior (hence why salticus scenicus theatrical jumper).
 Ophiusa despecta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Nigeria Gabon and Príncipe.
 Caprella kominatoensis is a species of skeleton shrimp in the genus Caprella. It was described in 1986 by Ichiro Takeuchi for specimens from Amatsu-Kominato (now part of Kamogawa) Chiba Prefecture Japan and is closely related to C. decipiens.
 Chaetodiadema keiense is a species of sea urchins of the family Diadematidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Chaetodiadema keiense was first scientifically described in 1939 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Stagmatoptera is a genus consisting of 14 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae.
 Obesypena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Takasagovolva is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Altagonum sedlaceki is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Louwerens in 1969. The species can only be found in Papua New Guinea.
 Coptotermes gestroi the Asian subterranean termite is a small species of termite that lives underground. Both this species and the Formosan subterranean termite (Coptotermes formosanus) are destructive pests native to Asia but have spread to other parts of the world including the United States.
 Notoncus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 Euchrysops migiurtiniensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Somalia.
 Phyllonorycter koreana is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Korea.The wingspan is 6-7.8 mm.
 Cinara cupressi (or the cypress aphid) is an brown-ish soft-bodied aphid. It sucks sap out of giant conifers and can cause damage to the tree ranging from discoloring of the affected twig to the death of the tree. It is an invasive species and is in the world's 100 most invasive species along with being invasive in Africa and Europe.
 Redlip Shiner (Notropis chiliticus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Thyrassia inconcinna is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Queensland.There are at least two generations per year.The length of the forewings is 10-11 mm for males and 12-12.5 mm for females. The forewings are large triangular grey-brown with a short orange-yellow basal streak three large whitish yellow spots at two-thirds and two small spots of the same colour close to the apex. The hindwings are small and rounded.
 The genus Phenacomys is a group of North American voles. The genus name comes from the Greek for imposter mouse.These animals live in forested alpine and tundra areas which often include plants of the heath family. They are small rodents with long fur and short ears legs and tails. They eat green plants seeds and berries in summer and bark and buds of shrubs at other times. Predators include mustelids owls and hawks.Some sources include the tree voles genus Arborimus in this genus.
 Coccus is a genus of scale insects in the family Coccidae. It includes species such as Coccus viridis a major pest of coffee. The type species is Coccus hesperidum Linnaeus.
 Celaenorrhinus proxima the Common Black Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria from Cameroon to the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Sudan Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests and heavy woodland.The larvae feed on Mimulopsis species.
 Auratonota spinivalva is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with brown except for the edges of the markings. These markings are dark brown but paler and more ochreous in the dorsal half of the median cell. The hindwings are brownish but paler basally.
 Hemidiaptomus is a genus of freshwater copepods in the family Diaptomidae containing the following species:Hemidiaptomus ignatovi G. O. Sars 1903Hemidiaptomus monticola Weisig & Ali-Zade 1938Hemidiaptomus rylovi Charin 1928Hemidiaptomus tarnogradskii Rylov 1926↑
 Cryassa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Phlegetonia.
 Alainaspis platyrhina is a species of jawless fish which existed in what is now the Northwest Territories of Canada during the upper Silurian period. It was first named by David Elliott and David Dineley in 1985 and is placed in the monotypic genus Alainaspis closely related to Boothiaspis.
 The Gogiida are an order of early echinoderms known from late Early to Middle Cambrian deposits.
 Ctenothrissa is a prehistoric genus of ray-finned fish in the supposed order Ctenothrissiformes. These Teleostei are only known from fossils. While they are sometimes included in the superorder Acanthopterygii or Protacanthopterygii this is neither well-supported nor is the monophyly of the Ctenothrissiformes robustly established. Indeed it is quite likely that the supposed order is a paraphyletic assemblage of ancient moderately advanced Teleostei.
 The Poplar Grey (Acronicta megacephala) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found throughout Europe.This species has dark grey forewings mottled with black and marked with pale stigmata and white hindwings. Melanic forms sometimes occur. The wingspan is 40-45 mm. This moth flies at night from May to August and is attracted to light and sugar.The hairy larva is grey with black and red markings and a white patch towards the rear. It feeds on poplars and willows and sometimes on Grey Alder.
 Euchlaena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Common names: Cross-banded mountain rattlesnakeCrotalus transversus is a venomous pit viper species found in central Mexico known from less than 20 specimens. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Protanilla is a genus of ant in the subfamily Leptanillinae.
 Scinax melloi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Proeulia guayacana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Plectoneura is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Indian Spotted Creeper (Salpornis spilonotus) is a small passerine bird which is a member of the subfamily Salpornithinae which is placed along with the treecreepers in the family Certhiidae. This small bird has a marbled black and white plumage that makes it difficult to spot as it forages on the trunks of dark deeply fissured trees where it picks out insect prey using its curved bill.
 Vexillum puella is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Cotinis rufipennis is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Phaegoptera chorima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in southern Brazil.
 Euproctilla is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Ussara olyranta is a species of sedge moths in the genus Ussara. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Brazil.
 Haplotrema is a genus of carnivorous land snails in the family Haplotrematidae. They are widely distributed in North America.
 Semirossia tenera also known as the Lesser Bobtail Squid is a widespread species of bobtail squid native to the northwest Atlantic Ocean. Its natural range covers the eastern coast of North America from the northern Gulf of Maine to the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. S. tenera is possibly also present in the southwest Atlantic specifically off the coasts of Suriname French Guiana Brazil and Uruguay although the latter records are questionable.S.
 Annandale's Rat (Rattus annandalei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.
 Biretia is an extinct genus of Old World monkey belonging to the extinct family Parapithecidae. Fossils are found from Late Eocene strata in Egypt.The first discovery of Biretia was a single tooth dated to approximately 37 mya which was found in 1988 at the Bir el Ater site in Algeria. This species was named Biretia piveteaui. In 2005 two new species were classified B. fayumensis and B. megalopsis.
 Protoparevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae from the Cretaceous.
 The Smalleye Shiner (Notropis buccula) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in the United States.
 Pseuohaploceras is a desmosceratid ammonite genus from the Lower Cretaceous.
 Cochlicopa is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlicopidae.
 Eisenia fetida (older spelling: foetida) known under various common names such as redworm brandling worm panfish worm trout worm tiger worm red wiggler worm red californian earth worm etc. is a species of earthworm adapted to decaying organic material. These worms thrive in rotting vegetation compost and manure; they are epigean. They are rarely found in soil instead preferring conditions that are inimical to some other worms.
 Nureyev (1977–2001) was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and champion sire. As a racehorse he was best known as the disqualified winner of the 2000 Guineas in 1980.
 Ctenophorus is a genus of lizards also known as comb-bearing dragons that contains the most diverse group of dragon lizards in Australia. Many of these have been grouped by a similar morphology. The informal names and groupings within this genus — rock crevice- ground sand- and bicycle-dragon — are named after the mythological creature the dragon.
 Ornarantia ophiodesma is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1915. It is found in Peru.
 Agrotis magnipunctata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Buru and Seram.
 Gyrineum pusillum common name the purple gyron triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Underwood's long-tongued bat (Hylonycteris underwoodi) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is monotypic within the genus Hylonycteris.[citation needed] It is found in Belize Guatemala Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.
 Colostethus maquipucuna is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Laufferiella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Ruwenzori Double-collared Sunbird (Cinnyris stuhlmanni) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found in south central Africa. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Greater Double-collared Sunbird.
 Strathocles is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Austrolestes colensonis (Māori: kekewai) is a common native New Zealand damselfly.It is New Zealand's largest damselfly and can change the colour of its body to help thermoregulation. Austrolestes colensonis flies between the months of October and May and is usually seen close to still water rushes and reeds.
 Buettnerella is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Urocyclidae.Buettnerella is the nomen novum for Buettneria Simroth 1888.
 The Radiated Ratsnake or Copperhead Rat Snake Coelognathus radiata is a species of Colubrid snake.
 Kauaiina howarthi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Eremas is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 High-finned dragonet Synchiropus rameus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean off the coasts of northwestern Australia as well as New Caledonia where it favors substrates consisting of sand or rubble. This species reaches a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.
 The Kilombero Weaver (Ploceus burnieri) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitat is swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Agulhas Long-billed Lark (Certhilauda brevirostris) is a small passerine bird. It is an endemic resident breeder in the Western Cape South Africa.
 Ardonea metallica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Peru.
 Paralichthodinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family. It consists of just one genus Paralichthodes. In some classifications Paralichthodinae is raised to the level of a family.
 Turbonilla mariajoseae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Orthogonius putzeysi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 The Sweetheart Underwing (Catocala amatrix) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. The species can be found from Nova Scotia south through Connecticut to Florida and west through Texas and Oklahoma to Arizona and north to Montana Minnesota and Ontario.An exhibition model done by the Denton Brothers of Wellesley Massachusetts was discovered in a consingment shop in Flagler Beach Florida on September 12 2013 by Brittany Durocher a resident of that city.
 Gnaphosa prosperi is a ground spider species found in Spain.
 Lufengpithecus keiyuanensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene to the Pliocene of China.
 Isotrias stramentana is a species of moth in the Tortricidae family. It is found in Spain France Italy Switzerland and Germany.The wingspan is 14–17 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July and again in September.
 Taenaris is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae that live in Australasia.all the species have highly developed eyespots that are either blue or yellow
 Quichuana is a genus of hoverflies.
 The Celebes rainbowfish (Marosatherina ladigesi) is a species of sailfin silverside endemic to Sulawesi (formerly known as Celebes) in Indonesia. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Stenoptilia friedeli is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Morocco.The wingspan is 25 mm. The forewings and hindwings are yellowish-brown.
 The Golden-winged Sunbird (Drepanorhynchus reichenowi) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. Three subspecies are recognised.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Fusus virga is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Buff-bellied Tanager (Thlypopsis inornata) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.
 Agaraea uniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil.
 Meridolum benneti is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Dioptis longipennis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica Panama and Nicaragua.The larvae feed on Asterogyne Calyptrogyne Geonoma and Prestoea species.
 Stefania oculosa (Spanish: Rana Stefania De Ojos Grandes) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The Philippine tarsier (Carlito syrichta) known locally as mawmag in Cebuano/Visayan and mamag in Luzon is a species of tarsier endemic to the Philippines. It is found in the southeastern part of the archipelago particularly on the islands of Bohol Samar Leyte and Mindanao. It is a member of the approximately 45-million-year-old family Tarsiidae whose name is derived from its elongated tarsus or ankle bone.
 Mesoscincus is a genus comprising three species of skink native to Mexico and Central America. They were formerly included in the genus Eumeces.
 Demeterops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985 and the type species is Demeterops loella which was originally described as a dubious species in the genus Pilekia by Demeter in 1973. The new generic name honours the species' original author. The type locality was the Fillmore Formation in Utah.
 Graphisurus vexillaris is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1872 and is known from eastern Mexico and Panama.
 Otoidtidae: stephanoceratacean ammonitina from the early Middle Jurassic that begin as cadicones but become more planualte with age; derived from the Hammitoceratidae (Hildocerataceae) probably through Erycites by way of Abbasites.Shells begin barrel shaped with depressed whorls broad outer rims and deep crater-like umbilici—cadiconic—but become compressed with the out rims becoming bluntly rounded—planulate.
 Benthobia complexirhyna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudolividae.
 Divarilima pellucida is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae. Divarilima pellucida has only been found in the waters of New Zealand.
 Prunum monile is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Orophodontidae is a family of extinct ground sloths within the order Pilosa and suborder Folivora. The taxon is often disused with genus members reassigned.This family is related to the other families of extinct ground sloths Megatheriidae Mylodontidae Nothrotheriidae and Scelidotheriidae. The only extant families of the suborder Folivora are Bradypodidae and Megalonychidae. The orophodontids constitute a rather small but quite distinct group.
 The Western Pebble-mound Mouse (Pseudomys chapmani) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is native to and found only in Australia where it lives in pebbly soils in arid tussock grassland and acacia woodland. According to the 2008 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species the species is restricted to the non-coastal central and eastern parts of the Pilbara Western Australia.
 Epitherapis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Polypogon tentacularia is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is ca. 30 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Taraxacum officinale Goldenrod and Hawkweed.
 Habutarus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Habutarus abboti Baehr 2008 Habutarus calderi Baehr 2008 Habutarus canaliculatus Baehr 2008 Habutarus chillagoensis Baehr 2008 Habutarus convexipennis Baehr 2008 Habutarus crassiceps Macleay 1871 Habutarus demarzi Baehr 2008 Habutarus eungellae Baehr 2008 Habutarus iridipennis Baehr 2008 Habutarus kirramae Baehr 2008 Habutarus laticeps Baehr 2008 Habutarus madang Baehr 2008 Habutarus monteithi Baehr 2008 Habutarus morosus Sloane 1915 Habutarus nitidicollis Baehr 2008 Habutarus opacipennis Baehr 2008 Habutarus papua Darlington 1968 Habutarus parviceps Baehr 2008 Habutarus pilosus Baehr 1996 Habutarus punctatipennis Baehr 2008 Habutarus rugosipennis Baehr 2008 Habutarus wau Baehr 2008 Habutarus weiri Baehr 2008↑
 Simiolus is an extinct genus of dendropithecid primates. It was described by M.G. Leakey and R.E. Leakey in 1987 and the type species is S. enjiessi which existed during the Miocene of Kenya. The species epithet is a phonetic pun on the acronym NGS. A new species S. andrewsi also from the middle Miocene of Kenya was described by Terry Harrison in 2010.
 Jarasana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Corythangela is a genus of moth belonging to the family Batrachedridae. It was transferred to this family by Baldizonne in 1996 (It is traditionally grouped in the Coleophoridae).
 Pinacopteryx is a monotypic genus of pierid butterflies found in Africa containing the Zebra White (Pinacopteryx eriphia).The wingspan is 40–55 mm in males and 42–47 mm in females. Flight period is year-round.Larva feed on Maerua cafra Boscia spp. Capparis oleoides and Maerua triphylla.
 Abraxas notata is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Warren in 1894. It is known from the Nilgiri Hills in India.
 Xanthoidea is a superfamily of crabs comprising the three families Xanthidae Panopeidae and Pseudorhombilidae. Formerly a number of other families were included in Xanthoidea but many of these have since been removed to other superfamilies. These include Carpilioidea Eriphioidea Hexapodoidea Pilumnoidea and Trapezioidea. Even in this reduced state Xanthoidea remains one of the most species-rich superfamilies of crabs.
 Clionella halistrepta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Short-tailed Paradigalla (Paradigalla brevicauda) is a medium-sized approximately 23 cm long stocky black plumaged bird-of-paradise with slender black bill and bright yellow and blue wattles in front of each eye.
 Acrocercops clepsinoma is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Tamil Nadu India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916.
 The Knapweed Fritillary (Melitaea phoebe) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone except the Northernmost locations. It used to include Melitaea telona recently revalidated as a distinct cryptic species.The wingspan is 34–50 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Plantago and Centaurea species (including Centaurea jacea).
 The Cameroon forest tree frog Leptopelis brevirostris is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and Nigeria and possibly the Central African Republic and the Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Leuciscus danilewskii referred to as the Danilevskii's dace or Don dace is a species of freshwater fish of the cyprinid family inhabiting the Don River basin in Ukraine and Russia. It is similar to the common dace (Leuciscus leuciscus) and thought to replace it in the Don basin.
 Prenda is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 The Rustyside Sucker (Thoburnia hamiltoni) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in the United States.
 Nemacheilus banar is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Melisa croceipes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1892. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea and Ghana.
 The giant Lake Biwa catfish (Silurus biwaensis) or Biwako-o'namazu ビワコオオナマズ (Japan) is the largest predatory catfish species endemic to Lake Biwa in Japan.
 The Pale-browed Treehunter (Cichlocolaptes leucophrus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is the only member of the genus Cichlocolaptes.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Tropimerus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tropimerus cyaneus Giesbert 1987 Tropimerus hovorei Giesbert 1987↑
 Draconectes narinosus is a species of troglobitic stone loach known only from a cave on Van Gio Island in Halong Bay Vietnam. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Coleophora conspersa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.The larvae feed on Phlomis lycia. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Lampsilis siliquoidea also known as the Fatmucket Clam is a species of freshwater bivalve in the Unionidae family.
 Partridges are birds in the pheasant family Phasianidae. They are a non-migratory Old World group. These are medium-sized birds intermediate between the larger pheasants and the smaller quails. Partridges are native to Europe Asia Africa and the Middle East. Partridges are ground-nesting seed-eaters.[citation needed]According to Greek legend the first partridge appeared when Daedalus threw his nephew Perdix off the sacred hill of Athena in a fit of jealous rage.
 Delta (1946−1960) was a champion Australian thoroughbred racehorse who won a number of top level races including the 1949 VRC Derby 1949 Cox Plate and the 1951 Melbourne Cup.Purchased by owner Adolph Basser for £2665 at the 1948 Sydney yearling sales he was trained by former jockey and successful trainer Maurice McCarten.He died at Widden Stud in 1960.
 The November Moth (Epirrita dilutata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe (including the British Isles) and the Near East.The wingspan is 38–44 mm the forewings being variably marked with alternating pale and dark bands. Melanism is common and in some locations all-dark individuals make up the majority of the population.
 The Rarotonga Starling (Aplonis cinerascens) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is endemic to the Cook Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Alucita eteoxantha is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in New Guinea.
 Mexichromis macropus is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The red rock crab Guinusia chabrus is a marine large-eyed crab of the family Plagusiidae. It is found in the southern Indian and southern Pacific Oceans including South Africa Australia New Zealand and Chile.
 The Rhytidoidea are a superfamily of air-breathing land snails and slugs terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Sigmurethra.This taxonomy was based on the study by Nordsieck published in 1986.
 Hypomecia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Copelatus mimetes is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1957.
 J. O. Tobin (1974–1994) was an American thoroughbred racehorse. Bred in Maryland by his owner George A. Pope Jr. he was sent to race in England under trainer Noel Murless. Racing at age two he won the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse the Champagne Stakes at Doncaster Racecourse and was third to Blushing Groom in the Grand Criterium at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris France.
 Afrasura numida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Ghana and Nigeria.
 Haplochromis crebridens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda. This species grows to a length of 10.4 centimetres (4.1 in) SL.
 Chuckwallas are large lizards found primarily in arid regions of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. Some are found on coastal islands. There are five species of chuckwallas all within the genus Sauromalus; they are part of the iguanid family Iguanidae.
 Acrocercops hexachorda is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914.
 Hypopetalia pestilens the White-dotted Redspot is a monotypic species of dragonfly in family Austropetaliidae. It is endemic to central Chile. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Seven-banded long-nosed armadillo or just seven-banded armadillo Dasypus septemcinctus is a species of armadillo from South America found in Paraguay Argentina Bolivia and Brazil.It is a solitary nocturnal terrestrial animal living mostly in dry habitats outside of rainforest regions.
 Mahan (foaled 1951 in England) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully in France for his American owner/breeder Ralph B. Strassburger before being sold to Allie E. Reuben's Hasty House Farm and brought to race in the United States.Trained by U.S.
 Emmalocera actinoleuca is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in Sierra Leone.
 Turbonilla stelleri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pusionella buccinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae. This species has also been considered a synonym of Pusionella vulpina
 The hamadryas baboon (Papio hamadryas) is a species of baboon from the Old World monkey family. It is the northernmost of all the baboons being native to the Horn of Africa and the southwestern tip of the Arabian Peninsula. These regions provide habitats with the advantage for this species of fewer natural predators than central or southern Africa where other baboons reside.
 Cynarctoides gawnae is an extinct species of Cynarctoides belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini a canid which inhabited most of west central North America from the Miocene epoch (Hemingfordian stage) living 23.0—5.3 mya and existed for approximately 17.7 million years.
 The Mount Elgon Vlei Rat (Otomys jacksoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Kenya and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The southern flying squirrel (Glaucomys volans) is one of two species of the genus Glaucomys the only flying squirrels found in North America (the other is the somewhat larger northern flying squirrel G. sabrinus). It is found in deciduous and mixed woods in the eastern half of North America from southeastern Canada to Florida USA. Disjunct distribution for populations of this species have been recorded in the highlands of Mexico Guatemala and Honduras.
 Euricania facialis is a species of insect in the family Ricaniidae. It is found in China (Fujian Zhejiang Jiangxi Henan Shanxi) Taiwan and Japan.
 Phalonidia baccatana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru. The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream partly suffused with ferruginous. The costa is brown with some cream spots. The markings are brown with ferruginous parts. There are also pearl dots. The hindwings are whitish with grey suffusions in the posterior area.
 Latimeria is a rare genus of fish that includes two extant species: West Indian Ocean coelacanth (Latimeria chalumnae) and the Indonesian coelacanth (Latimeria menadoensis). They follow the oldest known living lineage of Sarcopterygii (lobe-finned fish and tetrapods) which means they are more closely related to lungfish reptiles and mammals than to the common ray-finned fishes. They are found along the coastlines of the Indian Ocean and Indonesia.
 Mangelia toreumata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Pupilla sterrii is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
 The Violet-Backed Hyliota (Hyliota violacea) is a species of Hyliota.It is found in Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone and Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Syntomeida vulcana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 Pipiza notata is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Trox tuberculatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 The tarakihi or jackass morwong Nemadactylus macropterus is a morwong of the genus Nemadactylus found off southern Australia the Atlantic coast of South America and New Zealand to depths of about 400 m on all types of bottoms. Its length is between 30 and 60 cm.
 Rhacodactylus chahoua commonly known as the mossy New Caledonian gecko short-snouted New Caledonian gecko Bavay's giant gecko or mossy prehensile-tailed gecko is an arboreal gecko found natively on the southern portion of the island of New Caledonia and on the outlying islands of Île des Pins.
 Odostomia ignorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Osoriinae Erichson 1839 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae. See Newton et al. (2001) and references therein for further information about this subfamily.
 Gasterosiphon is a very small genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Trabala aethiopica is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
 The Bumblebee cichlid or Hornet cichlid Pseudotropheus crabro is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found in different habitats but most frequently in large caves or in the vicinity of large boulders. This species can reach a length of 9.4 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.The bumblebee cichlid has an elongate body with vertical yellow-and-black bumblebee bars. Juveniles are brightly colored but become darker when mature especially for males.
 The Green Arches (Anaplectoides prasina) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in both the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 40–50 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on herbaceous plants shrubs and deciduous trees. A list is given by Robinson G. S et al.
 Helcionopsis striata is an extinct species of paleozoic monoplacophoran in the family Tryblidiidae.
 Bambera (foaled 2006 in Venezuela) is a champion Thoroughbred racehorse. She is trained by Gustavo Delgado for her owners Gregorio Castro and Raúl Fraga who race under the name Paula C Stable.
 Thiaridae common name thiarids is a family of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cerithioidea.According to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005) the family Thiaridae has no subfamilies.
 Tyttocharax is a genus of characins found in tropical South America. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Tyttocharax cochui (Ladiges 1950) Tyttocharax madeirae Fowler 1913 (Blackedge tetra) Tyttocharax metae Román-Valencia García-Alzate Ruiz-Calderón & Taphorn 2012 Tyttocharax tambopatensis S. H. Weitzman & H. Ortega 1995↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 Punctulum delicatum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Mawsoniidae is an extinct family of prehistoric coelacanth fishes which lived during the Triassic to Cretaceous period.
 Caloptilia semnophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Antitrisuloides is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coregonus gutturosus the Lake Constance whitefish is an extinct species of whitefish in the salmon family Salmonidae. It was formerly found only in deep areas of Lake Constance.It was a deep water whitefish that reached a length of 29 cm. Coregonus gutturosus was highly sensitive to environmental changes and it is thought that the eutrophication of Lake Constance which peaked in 1979 irreversibly affected the development of the eggs of the species.
 Spathopsis wissmanni is a species of bivalve in the Mutelidae family. It is endemic to Burundi. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Berniceras is an extinct ammonite genus from the order Ammonitida that lived during the early Oxfordian stage of the Late Jurassic. Berniceras is included in the ammonite (sensu strictu) family Oppeliidae. Bernceras which has been found in Europe has a moderately enlarging ribbed involute shell with a keel along the venter which forms the outer rim. The ribs are formed on the outer flanks and curve forward ventrally.
 The big bonneted bat or Dabbene's mastiff bat (Eumops dabbenei) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae native to South America. It is named for a former conservator at the Buenos Aires National Museum.
 Chaetotrechiama procerus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Chaetotrechiama.
 Torbenia stempfferi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Silver Pheasant (Lophura nycthemera) is a species of pheasant found in forests mainly in mountains of mainland Southeast Asia and eastern and southern China with introduced populations in Hawaii and various locations in the US mainland. The male is black and white while the female is mainly brown. Both sexes have a bare red face and red legs (the latter separating it from the greyish-legged Kalij Pheasant).
 The Proud Sphinx Moth (Proserpinus gaurae) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Texas and Louisiana east to northern Florida north to Alabama Missouri northern Georgia and South Carolina. It may range as far south as northern Mexico.The wingspan is 45-48 mm. The forewing outer margin is distinctly sinuate before the tornus. The labial palps are longer than in any other Proserpinus species and somewhat projecting. The underside of the abdomen is brownish-orange.
 Acrosticta tepocae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Campodea silvestrii is a species of dipluran in the genus Campodea.
 The Shetland Wren (Troglodytes troglodytes zetlandicus) is a small passerine bird in the wren family. It is a subspecies of the Eurasian Wren endemic to the Shetland archipelago of Scotland with the exception of Fair Isle which has its own endemic subspecies the Fair Isle Wren.
 Dysmilichia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mexichromis is a genus of colorful sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae.
 Peristernia despecta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Bovichtus variegatus is a species of thornfish found around New Zealand from the Wellington area southwards. Their length is between 15 and 25 cm. They are also found in the aquarium trade.
 Heliactinidia caerulescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Lamottella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in Guinea.
 Chlosyne whitneyi the Rockslide Checkerspot or Sierra Nevada Checkerspot is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from British Columbia and Alberta south in the mountains to California and Colorado.
 Chloropaschia possidia is a species of snout moth in the genus Chloropaschia. It is found in South America.
 Modulus is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Modulidae.
 Turbo bruneus common name the brown (Pacific) dwarf turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 The Siberian musk deer (Moschus moschiferus) is a musk deer found in the mountain forests of Northeast Asia. Its is most common in the taiga of southern Siberia but is also found in parts of Mongolia Inner Mongolia Manchuria and the Korean peninsula.
 Bermudezia is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.
 Meridarchis bryonephela is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1938. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Agdistis qurayyahiensis is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the United Arab Emirates.
 The Corsican Nuthatch (Sitta whiteheadi) is a small passerine bird which is endemic to Corsica where it is the only nuthatch.The Corsican Nuthatch is a resident bird of the mountain forests of Corsica and is closely associated with Corsican Pine preferably with some very old trees aged 300 years or more for nesting.It feeds on insects and seeds especially those of the Corsican Pine which are stored in food caches.It has the ability like other nuthatches to climb down trees unlike species such as woodpeckers which can only go upwards and will also flycatch.The Corsican Nuthatch is 12 cm long smaller than the Eurasian Nuthatch and has the typical nuthatch big head short tail and powerful bill and feet. 
 Abiadisaurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Pseudopolinices is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Lygropia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Scopula suffundaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Honduras.
 Mordella tetrastictoptera is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1929.
 Lioptilodes tribonia is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Chile and Peru. Moths in this species take flight in January and July and have a wingspan of approximately 15-16 millimetres.
 Parascaptia variegata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Strabena argyrina is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of natural grassland and marshlands.
 Abraxas sporocrossa is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Turner in 1922. It is known from Australia.
 Callicorixa wollastoni is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 Typhlops punctatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Kamptobaatar is a Mongolian mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous. It lived at the same time as the later dinosaurs. This animal was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and family Sloanbaataridae.The genus Kamptobaatar (bent hero) was named by Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska in 1970 based on a single species.
 Abdopus is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae.
 Phtheochroa terminana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Connecticut Illinois Indiana Massachusetts North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania and Tennessee.The wingspan is 19-22 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September.
 The Sand Mountain Blue Butterfly (Euphilotes pallescens arenamontana) is a butterfly of the gossamer winged variety that is only found around the Sand Mountain Recreation Area near Fallon Nevada. This species is one of several belonging to the Blue subfamily of Lycaenidae.
 The Orinoco Saltator or Orinocan Saltator (Saltator orenocensis) is a species of cardinal (bird) in the Cardinalidae family.It is found in Venezuela in areas west north and upon the Orinoco River region and to the Caribbean coast; also border regions in adjacent northeast Colombia. It can also be found on the eastern shore of Lake Maracaibo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Alathyria profuga is a species of freshwater river mussel a bivalve mollusk in the family Hyriidae. This species occurs in coastal rivers in eastern New South Wales Australia. The type specimen was collected from the Hunter River.
 Xystochroma buprestoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Agrius cordiae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Marshall Islands.The length of the forewings is 36 mm for males and 37 mm for females. It is similar to Agrius convolvuli but smaller darker and with a more complete pattern of transverse lines and bands on the forewing upperside. The sexual dimorphism is much less developed (females are only slightly paler than males). There is a pair of pink subdorsal patches found on the upperside of the abdomen.
 Phrynocris notabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Phrynocris.
 The long-nosed snake Rhinocheilus lecontei is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake which is endemic to North America. It is the only species in the genus Rhinocheilus but has four recognized subspecies though more modern research has cast some doubt on that classification.[citation needed]
 Thorius omiltemi is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Polyortha myoxa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Leptaulopus is a genus of flagfins native to the western Pacific Oceanwith these currently recognized species: Leptaulopus damasi (S. Tanaka (I) 1915) Leptaulopus erythrozonatus M. F. Gomon Struthers & A. L. Stewart 2013↑ 1.0 1.1
 Atractodenchelys is a genus of eels in the cutthroat eel family Synaphobranchidae. It currently contains the following species:
 Lyropupa truncata is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pupillidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 The Red-capped Manakin (Ceratopipra mentalis) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.It is found in Belize Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Peru and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.The bird is probably best known for the male's unusual courting method whereby it shuffles rapidly backwards across a branch akin to a speedy moonwalk.
 The Spotted Tentiform Leafminer (Phyllonorycter blancardella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe east to Ukraine and central Anatolia. It is also known throughout North America including Nova Scotia Quebec Ontario Wisconsin and California.The wingspan is 6–9 mm.
 Metarctia pumila is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1909. It is found in Eritrea Ethiopia Sudan Uganda and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Paraplatyptilia watkinsi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including the type location Burnett County Wisconsin. It has also been recorded from Vermont.Paraplatyptilia watkinsi and Paraplatyptilia sabourini are cryptic species differentiated by diagnostic character in female genitalia.
 Lomond (foaled 1980 in Kentucky) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1983 Classic 2000 Guineas Stakes.
 Eupithecia ina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South America.
 Helminthophis frontalis is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family. It is endemic to Costa Rica and Panama.
 Cynegetis is a genus of Coccinellidae native to Eurasia.
 Pomarea nigra the Tahiti Monarch or Tahiti Flycatcher is a rare species of bird in the Monarch flycatcher family. It is endemic to Tahiti in French Polynesia. There are fewer than 50 individuals remaining.This bird is 15 centimeters long and black in color with a pale blue bill. The juvenile is reddish brown. The call sounds like tick-tick-tick and the song is flute-like.This bird is found in only four valleys in Tahiti.
 The Réal's Wood White Leptidea reali is a butterfly of the Pieridae family.
 Asura cylletona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma.
 Acanthocinus elegans is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Ganglbauer in 1884 and is endemic to Iran. The beetles live approximately one year and inhabit deciduous trees.
 Jalmenus eubulus is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Queensland.It was formerly considered to be a subspecies of Jalmenus evagoras.
 Cymatosyrinx fritillaria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Yinpanolithus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Rhizotrogus sassariensis is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Italy and its islands such as Sardinia and French island of Corsica.
 Acanthurus japonicus is a Tang from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 21 cm in length. It is also known as Japan Surgeonfish White-faced Surgeonfish and White-nose Surgeonfish.
 Amblycoleus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Amblycoleus douei Chaudoir 1872 Amblycoleus peruanus Liebke 1928 Amblycoleus platyderus (Chaudoir 1861) Amblycoleus pluriseriatus (Chaudoir 1877)↑
 Haplochromis macrognathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may now be extinct. This species can reach a length of 17.4 centimetres (6.9 in) SL.
 Anabaa (1992–2009) was an American-bred champion Thoroughbred racehorse who was trained in France during a racing career which lasted from September 1995 to October 1996. Anabaa failed to win until the age of four but in 1996 he won his first six starts including two Group One races; the July Cup in England and the Prix Maurice de Gheest in France. At the end of the season he was named European Champion Sprinter at the Cartier Racing Awards.
 Ceracanthia eugenieae is a species of snout moth. It was described by Neunzig and Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica.
 Marcusenius sp. nov. 'Turkwell' is a species of fish in the Mormyridae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Osbornodon (Osborn's dog) is an extinct genus of bone-crushing canid (canidae) that were endemic to North America and which lived from the Orellan age of the Early Oligocene to Early Miocene epoch 33.9—15.97 Ma (AEO) and existed for approximately 17.93 million years.
 Telmatochromis vittatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika usually at depths of from 5 to 10 metres (16 to 33 ft) but occasionally down to 20 metres (66 ft). This species can reach a length of 8.6 centimetres (3.4 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Callancyla cribellum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1855.
 Bartels's Spiny Rat (Maxomys bartelsii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 The Thick-billed Fox Sparrow (Passerella (iliaca) megarhyncha) group comprises the peculiarly large-billed Sierra Nevadan taxa in the genus Passerella.
 Amara is a large genus of carabid beetles commonly called the sun beetles. Many are holarctic but a few species are neotropical or occur in eastern Asia.These ground beetles are mostly black or bronze-colored and many species have a characteristic bullet-shaped habitus as shown in the photos making them taxonomically difficult for a beginner. They are predominantly herbivorous with some species known to climb ripening grasses to feed on the seeds.
 Lingula is a genus of brachiopods within the class Lingulata. Lingula is known as moule-à-queue (tailed mussel) in New Caledonia bec de cane (duck bill) along some coasts in the Indian Ocean and shamisen-gai in Japan (for its likeness to the shamisen a Japanese lute). Lingula is known to have existed possibly since the Cretaceous or at least the Tertiary. Like its relatives it has two unadorned phosphatic valves and a long fleshy stalk.
 Lymire albipedalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1926. It is found in Puerto Rico.
 Margarya is a genus of large operculate freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in he family Viviparidae.These snails appear to be endemic to lakes in Yunnan Province in the China.
 The Golden Cuckooshrike (Campochaera sloetii) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Campochaera.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pseudacanthicus histrix is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Negro and Amazon Basins. This species grows to a length of 90 centimetres (35 in) TL. P. histrix has incredibly elongated odontodes that form a brush on the anterior margin of the pectoral fin spine in breeding males; however sexual dimorphism has not been reported for the other species.
 Formica rufa also known as the red wood ant southern wood ant or horse ant is a boreal member of the Formica rufa group of ants and is the type species for that group. It is native to Europe but is also found in Britain and North America in both coniferous and broad-leaf broken woodland and parkland. Workers are bicolored red and brownish-black with a dorsal dark patch on the head and promensonotum and are polymorphic measuring 4.5–9 mm in length.
 Myrmekiaphila neilyoungi is a species of trapdoor spider described in 2007 by East Carolina University professor of biology Jason E. Bond and Norman I. Platnick curator at the American Museum of Natural History in New York. It is named after Canadian rock musician Neil Young.Bond & Platnick describe the male holotype and female paratype which were collected in Jefferson County Alabama in 1998.
 Forrest's Mountain Vole (Neodon forresti) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found within china in the north west of Yunnan province. The initial study by Hinton in 1923 identified it as morphologically close to the Chinese Scrub Vole (N. irene) but with a larger body size and longer and darker Pelage.
 Mastophorus muris is a parasitic nematode in the genus Mastophorus. It infects animals such as the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) and singing vole (Microtus miurus).
 Asthenotricha deficiens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Somatina rosacea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills) and Taiwan.
 Tachina tahoensis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in British Columbia and US states such as Arizona and California.
 Nodouble (1965–1990) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1967 to 1970 he won eleven races and was twice voted American Champion Older Male Horse by the Thoroughbred Racing Association.
 Eublemma dimidialis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Indonesia Pakistan China Micronesia Nepal Indochina India Japan Sri Lanka Taiwan New Guinea and Australia.
 Lasius speculiventris is a species of ant that is commonly found in the northern United States and lives in forests woodlands and meadows.
 The Golden Looper (Argyrogramma verruca) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Maine to Florida to Texas Kentucky Arizona Kansas Southern Michigan Pennsylvania Ohio Southern Ontario the Antilles Central America to Brazil to Northern Argentina and Paraguay.The wingspan is about 28 mm.
 Epicrocis pseudonatalensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Helix pomatia common names the Burgundy snail Roman snail edible snail or escargot is a species of large edible air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae. It is a European species. It is called by the French name escargot when used in cooking.
 Pseuduncifera euchlanis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Pseudocrenilabrus is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids that are endemic to rivers and lakes in Central and Eastern Africa. These are small cichlids that as suggested by the common names of the individual species are mouthbrooders.
 Neocoptodera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Neocoptodera alluaudi (Jeannel 1949) Neocoptodera championi (Murray 1857) Neocoptodera crassicornis (Fairmaire 1897) Neocoptodera crucifera (Dejean 1831) Neocoptodera inermis (Alluaud 1897) Neocoptodera notata (Boheman 1848) Neocoptodera overlaeti (Burgeon 1937) Neocoptodera similata (Hansen 1968) Neocoptodera tetraspilota (Fairmaire 1887) Neocoptodera tetrastigma (Fairmaire 1901) Neocoptodera uelensis (Burgeon 1937) ↑
 The jewel lanternfish Lampanyctus crocodilus is a lanternfish of the family Myctophidae found in west Mediterranean Sea and north Atlantic Ocean (above 50° N). Bathypelagic between 400 and 2000 m.
 The Somali Lark (Mirafra somalica) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family endemic to Somalia.
 The roughback sea catfish Plicofollis tonggol is a species of sea catfish known as arahan in the Philippines where it is regarded important in the fishing industry. As food roughback sea catfish are sun-dried and salted before actual trade and consumption.
 The nippled sea fan Eunicella papillosa is a species of gorgonian sea fan in the family Gorgoniidae.
 Eudendrium imperiale is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Colostethus thorntoni is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Scopula caberaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Africa.
 Amata phaeobasis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Lophocampa indistincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1910. It is found in California where it is only found on the Channel Islands.
 Hypolycaena asahi is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Indonesia (including Ambon central Malaku and Seram).The length of the forewings is about 13 mm. Both the fore and hindwings are metallic blue with dark borders. The forewing black border is about 1 mm wide at the tornus but rapidly widening along the termen to meet the costa at its midpoint then running down to the base but not quite entering the cell.
 Trochomorpha approximata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Trochomorphidae.This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Pseudathyma martini Martin’s False Sergeant is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Nigeria and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 The jungle palm squirrel jungle striped squirrel or western ghats squirrel (Funambulus tristriatus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is endemic to India.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and plantations.This species is tolerant to habitat changes and is common in tea plantations in western ghats.
 Sun Princess (1980–2001) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and Broodmare. In a career which lasted from September 1982 until October 1984 she ran ten times and won three races. She recorded all her successes at Group One level when a three-year-old in 1983 winning the Classic Epsom Oaks by a record margin of twelve lengths and the Yorkshire Oaks against other females before defeating colts in the St. Leger Stakes.
 The Pale Orange Dart (Ocybadistes hypomeloma) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm.The larvae feed on Themeda triandra Ischaemum australe and Microlaena stipoides.
 Bathycongrus trimaculatus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya and David G. Smith in 2008. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the southwestern Pacific Ocean including Fiji New Caledonia and the Solomon Islands. It dwells at a depth range of 357-550 metres.
 The Jambandu Indigobird (Vidua raricola) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family. It is also known as the Goldbreast Indigobird.It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Ghana Guinea Ivory Coast Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan and Togo. Its habitat is savannah and brush.Different authorities assign this species to various families.
 Caloptilia scansoria is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Himachal Pradesh).
 Hypselodoris imperialis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Proterogyrinus was an anthracosaur a large group of reptilian reptiliomorphs. It is likely that the first reptiles such as Petrolacosaurus evolved from reptilomorphs. Like other reptiliomorphs such as Seymouria Proterogyrinus could venture further away from water than most amphibians.Its name is Greek for early wanderer or earlier tadpole.
 Heterogymna xenochroma is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea.
 Sinutropis is a genus of fossil sea snails extinct euomphalid archaeogastropods from the Upper Silurian.
 Euclemensoides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Euclemensoides umbrata which is found in Colombia.
 Loxomma is an extinct genus of Loxommatidae. It was first named by Huxley in 1862.
 Atrocenta is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. It consists of only one species Atrocenta centrata which is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).The wingspan is about 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with reddish rust in the dorsoposterior and median areas of the wing and with pale brownish suffusions between the veins in the subcostal area.
 Sciodrepoides fumatus is a species of beetle in the Leiodidae family that can be found in such European territories as Austria Belarus Belgium Great Britain including the Isle of Man Czech Republic France Germany Ireland Italy Latvia the Netherlands Poland Russia Scandinavia Slovakia Spain Switzerland Ukraine and all countries of former Yugoslavia (except for Republic of Macedonia).
 Blastobasidae is a family of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea. Its species can be found almost anywhere in the world though in some places they are not native but introduced by humans. In some arrangements these moths are included in the case-bearer family (Coleophoridae) as subfamily Blastobasinae.
 The Lesser Native Cutworm (Agrotis dislocata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Niihau Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai Hawaii and Laysan.The larvae feed on various garden crops Chenopodium grasses and sugarcane. It often becomes a bad pest in surgarcane as well as in gardens and also on other crops.
 The Streaked Coleophora Moth (Coleophora cratipennella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Kentucky Pennsylvania California Maine and Oklahoma.The wingspan is about 12 mm.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus gerardii and possibly Polygonum punctatum. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Alvania euchila is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Acanthurus chirurgus commonly called doctorfish or doctorfish tang in English and barbero rayado or cirujano rayado in Spanish is a tropical marine fish common in the Atlantic Ocean.
 The four-toed elephant shrew or four-toed sengi is the only living species in the genus Petrodromus which together with three other extant genera Rhynchocyon Macroscelides and Elephantulus constitutes the order Macroscelidea. This species is only found in particular regions in Africa and is smaller in size compared to its relatives.
 Batrachedra trimeris is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Zulubuprestis reliquia is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Zulubuprestis.
 Mino is a genus of mynas birds in the starling family. These are the largest of the starlings and are found in tropical moist lowland forests in Papua New Guinea and neighbouring islands. The members of the genus are: Golden Myna Mino anais Yellow-faced Myna Mino dumontii Long-tailed Myna Mino krefftiThe Long-tailed Myna was formerly considered a subspecies of the Yellow-faced Myna.
 Trichura melanosoma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Nabis longipes is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Transtillaspis monoseta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Austrophlebia is a small genus of dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae. The species are very large with strong yellow markings on the thorax.The genus contains only two species:Austrophlebia costalis (Tillyard 1907) - Southern Giant DarnerAustrophlebia subcostalis Theischinger 1996 - Northern Giant Darner↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑
 Sinokannemeyeria was a large (about 6 feet (1.8 m) long and weighing 250 pounds) long snouted Chinese dicynodont with downward-pointing tusks that grew from bulbous projections on its upper jaw. The muscle attachment sites on the back of the skull were quite small which suggestd that Sinokannemeyeria did not have powerful skull muscles for shearing plants unlike other dicynodonts. Most dicynodonts chopped up food by sliding their lower jaws backward and forward.
 Copelatus bacillifer is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1955.
 Todarodinae is a squid subfamily in the family Ommastrephidae.
 Maritrema prosthometra is a parasitic fluke from North America. It was first described in 1969 from the intestine of the clapper rail (Rallus longirostris) in eastern North America. Later it was also found in the small intestine of 5% of a sample of marsh rice rats (Oryzomys palustris) collected in a salt marsh at Cedar Key Florida where it used the fiddler crab Uca pigilator as an intermediate host.
 Leptothorax faberi is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to Canada.
 The San Joaquin pocket mouse or Salinas pocket mouse (Perognathus inornatus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to California in the United States.
 The Jelski's Black Tyrant (Knipolegus signatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in Ecuador to northwestern Argentina. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. This and the Plumbeous Tyrant are sometimes considered conspecific in which case the bird is then usually referred to as the Andean Tyrant.
 The Recurve-billed Bushbird (Clytoctantes alixii) is a Thamnophilid antbird that inhabits dense stands of secondary vegetation at the northern end of the Andes in Colombia and Venezuela. It is named for its extraordinary bill which curves upwards. Until 2007 the bird was almost unknown in life and apart from earlier specimens it had only been seen in life once at an army ant swarm in Colombia in 1965.
 Anthene licates is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Sphaerobothris is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Sphaerobothris aghababiani Volkovitsh & Kalashian 1998 Sphaerobothris dinauxi (Thery 1935) Sphaerobothris globicollis (Reitter 1895) Sphaerobothris platti (Cazier 1938) Sphaerobothris ulkei (LeConte 1860)↑
 Jasus edwardsii the southern rock lobster red rock lobster or spiny rock lobster is a species of spiny lobster found throughout coastal waters of southern Australia and New Zealand including the Chatham Islands. This species is commonly called crayfish or crays in New Zealand and kōura in Māori. They resemble lobsters but lack the large characteristic pincers on the first pair of walking legs.
 Labeobarbus nthuwa is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labeobarbus.
 The Smoky White-toothed Shrew (Crocidura fumosa) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The agile gibbon (Hylobates agilis) also known as the black-handed gibbon is an Old World primate in the gibbon family. It is found in Indonesia on the island of Sumatra Malaysia and southern Thailand. The species is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List due to habitat destruction and the pet trade.
 Acraea pudorella is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola Zambia Tanzania the coast of Kenya and Malawi.
 Mordella latenotata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1923.
 The Spot-breasted Thornbird (Phacellodomus maculipectus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Agriocnemis victoria is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Cameroon Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gambia Guinea Liberia Namibia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are rivers swamps freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Emarginula tenuicostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Parhelophilus consimilis is a European hoverfly.
 Notiothemis robertsi is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Polypedates megacephalus the Hong Kong Whipping Frog or Spot-legged Tree Frog is a species in the shrub frog family (Rhacophoridae). In its native range it is also called brown tree frog but this name is otherwise applied to a species of the true tree frog family (Hylidae).
 Mictopsichia misahuallia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Episyron rufipes the red-legged spider wasp is a red and black or completely black spider-hunting wasp.
 The bluethroat triggerfish (Sufflamen albicaudatum) is a triggerfish from the western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 22 cm in length.
 The Pseudoterpnini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Geometrinae. The tribe is alternatively treated as subtribe Pseudoterpniti by Holloway in 1996.
 The Bogong moth (Agrotis infusa) is a temperate species of night-flying moth notable for appearing in large numbers around major public buildings in Canberra the capital city of Australia during spring (late September to November) as it migrates to the High Plains. The moth's name 'Bogong' is the same as the mountain ranges on the High Plains i.e.
 Urapterydia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Pale-legged Hornero (Furnarius leucopus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It includes the Pacific Hornero (F. leucopus cinnamomeus) and the Caribbean Hornero (F. leucopus longirostris) which often are considered separate species.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Venezuela. It occurs in a wide range of wooded habitats especially near water.
 Harpalus marginellus is a species of ground beetle that can be found in such countries as Austria Bulgaria Czech Republic Germany Hungary Italy Poland Slovakia Switzerland all states of former Yugoslavia (except for Republic of Macedonia) and southern part of Russia.
 The Belgian flag tetra or flag tetra Hyphessobrycon heterorhabdus is a species of characid fish from Brazil.
 Cymbiola chrysostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Checkered Puffer (Sphoeroides testudineus) is a species in the family Tetraodontidae or pufferfishes. Normal sizes: 4 to 7 in. (10 to 18 cm)Travel / Living Depth: 3– 35 ft. (1-12m).Location and Distribution: Caribbean Bahamas Florida and Gulf of Mexico.
 Inimicus filamentosus also known as the Filament-finned stinger Barred ghoul Two-stick stingfish or Devil scorpionfish is a member of the Inimicus genus of venomous fishes. It is a member of the Synanceiidae (devilfishes goblinfishes and stonefishes) family of the Scorpaeniformes order of ray-finned fishes. These benthic fishes are found on sandy or silty substrates of lagoon and seaward reefs in coastal regions of tropical oceans. Like all the other known species of Inimicus I.
 Ancylis upupana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Iceland Ireland the Iberian Peninsula and most of the Balkan Peninsula) east to Russia and China.The wingspan is 13–20 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Ulmus Betula and Quercus. They spin a folded leaf or multiple leaves together into a pod and feed from within. It partly skeletonises the leaves.
 Ichthyomyzon is a genus of northern lampreys in the sub-family Petromyzontinae native to North America.
 Lasionycta quadrilunata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-central Alaska down the spine of the Rocky Mountains to Colorado.It flies over scree tundra and is diurnal.Adults are on wing from mid-July to early August.
 Geodessus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Geodessus besucheti Brancucci 1979 Geodessus kejvali Balke & Hendrich 1996↑
 Common names: Whitaker's sandboa Whitaker's boa.Eryx whitakeri is a non-venomous boa species found in coastal southern India. Named in honor of Romulus Whitaker. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Magicicada septendecim sometimes called the Pharaoh cicada or the 17 year locust is native to Canada and the United States and is the largest and most northern species of periodical cicada with a 17-year life cycle.Accounts of the species' life cycle cite reports of fifteen- to seventeen-year recurrences of enormous numbers of noisy emergent cicadas that people had written as early as 1737.
 Unachlorus viridis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Unachlorus.
 Pawgammm rougemonti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Pawgammm.
 Iolaus bakeri Baker’s Sapphire  is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe Mozambique Malawi Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba and Kivu).Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Tapinanthus oleifolius.
 Alvania nestaresi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Barbus wurtzi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Bucsekia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Mammomonogamus is a genus of parasitic nematode of the family Syngamidae that parasitises the respiratory tracts of cattle sheep goats deer cats orangutans and elephants. The nematode can also infect humans and cause the disease called mammomonogamiasis. Several known species fall under the Mammomonogamus genus but the most common species found to infest humans is Mammomonogamus laryngeus.
 Acinodrillia paula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Stenalia parva is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1951 by Ermisch.
 Orthogonius inops is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1871.
 Taranis panope is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Pterocerina trifasciata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Ekfidonia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Wuttagoonaspis is a genus of primitive arthrodire placoderms from Middle Devonian Australia. The box-like skull is up to 18 centimeters in length and the median dorsal plate averages in length about 10 centimeters.
 Achatinella byronii is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to the United States.Achatinella byronii is the type species of the subgenus Bulimella.
 Euphaedra albofasciata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic.
 Plagiorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms.
 Acrapex carnea is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.The wingspan is 28–30 mm.
 The eastern lesser bamboo lemur (Hapalemur griseus) also known as the gray bamboo lemur and the gray gentle lemur is a small lemur endemic to Madagascar with three known subspecies. As its name suggests the eastern lesser bamboo lemur feeds mainly on bamboo. The lemurs of the Hapalemur genus have more manual dexterity and hand–eye coordination than most lemurs. They are vertical climbers and jump from stalk to stalk in thick bamboo forests.
 Strabena affinis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Yarkand or Yarkland hare (Lepus yarkandensis) is a species of mammal in the Leporidae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Halmahera Boobook (Ninox hypogramma) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is found in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. It formerly was considered a subspecies of the Moluccan Boobook.
 Promachoteuthis is a genus of small weakly muscled squid found at bathypelagic depths. Three species have been formally described while another two await description.
 Elachyophtalma inturbida is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Tetragonoderus pictus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Perty in 1830.
 Moirainpa amazona is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Moirainpa.
 Lecerfia was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Heliothis.
 Psectrotarsia suavis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-western South Dakota extreme north-eastern and western Nebraska northern and south-western Kansas eastern Colorado New Mexico east of the Rocky Mountains southern Arizona and the panhandles of Oklahoma and Texas and in south central and south-western Texas. There are two records from Mexico one from Chihuahua and one from San Luis Potosi.The wingspan is 32–34 mm.
 Sundasciurus is a genus of rodent in the Sciuridae family.
 Potangaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish which existed in China during the Devonian period. It was first named by Zhu Min Wang Jun-qing and Wang Shi-tao in 2010 and the type species is Potangaspis parvoculatus.
 Lobogenesis banosia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 Longuemare's Sunangel (Heliangelus clarisse) is a species of hummingbird found in Venezuela and northeastern Colombia. It is closely related to the Amethyst-throated Sunangel and species limits in this complex are unclear.
 Hellinsia sphenites is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Typhis trispinosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mantidactylus fimbriatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Redheaded Inchworm (Macaria bisignata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Newfoundland to Georgia west to Arizona north to Ontario.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The moths are on wing from May to August depending on the location.The larva feed on Pinus strobus.
 Cantherhines dumerilii is a species of fish in the family Monacanthidae the filefishes. Its common names include whitespotted filefish barred filefish orange-fin file and yelloweye leatherjacket. It is distributed in the Indian and Pacific Oceans where it is found on coral reefs.
 The Nigerian free-tailed bat (Chaerephon nigeriae) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is native to two widely separated parts of Africa and is sometimes considered to represent two separate species.
 Phyllonorycter salicicolella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from all of Europe (except the Balkan Peninsula) east to Russia and Japan.The wingspan is 7–9 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in May and again in July and AugustThe larvae feed on Salix aurita Salix caprea Salix cinerea and Salix myrsinifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a small lower-surface tentiform mine often touching the leaf margin.
 Chrostosoma tabascensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. it was described by Dyar in 1916. It is found in Costa Rica and Mexico.
 Boreaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Boreaphaenops angustus Ueno 2002 Boreaphaenops hirundinis Ueno 2005↑
 Barbus niokoloensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Pedinoida is an order of sea urchins containing the single living genus Caenopedina. The group was much more diverse during the Mesozoic and represents the oldest surviving order of euechinoid sea urchins.They are distinguished from other sea urchins by the presence of a rigid test with tessellated plates.
 The Guadalupe Caracara (Caracara lutosa) (Mourning Caracara) is an extinct bird of prey belonging to the falcon family (Falconidae). It was together with the closely related Crested and Southern Caracara formerly placed in the genus Polyborus. It was also known as the Quelili or the Calalie.
 Eupyrgulina is a genus of small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks in the tribe Chrysallidini within the family Pyramidellidae.
 Ephalaenia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rhomborrhina japonica the drone beetle also called kanabun (カナブン 金蚊) is a large beetle species in the genus Rhomborrhina.
 The Mallow Mursa Moth (Mursa phtisialis) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Cuba the southern parts of the United States Jamaica Central and South America. The larvae feed on Malva acuta.
 Pseudoparamys cezannei is a species of extinct rodent in family Ischyromyidae. It is named after French post-impressionist painter Paul Cézanne.
 Elachista kalki is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Austria Germany Greece Hungary Italy Kazakhstan and Russia (southern Urals Volga region Tuva Republic).The length of the forewings is 4.8–5.5 mm for males and 4.8–5.2 mm for females. The forewings are broad unicolorous shiny white except the basal part of the costa which is narrowly dark grey. The hindwings are pale grey and translucent with a white fringe.
 Mordella sinuata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1897.
 Turbonilla javiercondei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Piedmont Ringlet (Erebia meolans) is a member of the Nymphalidae family. It is an Alpine butterfly.
 The Cock-tailed Tyrant (Alectrurus tricolor) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Evergestis infirmalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece European Russia Turkey and Syria.The wingspan is 22–26 mm. Females are somewhat larger than males. In Greece adults are on wing in July.
 Triprion petasatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize Guatemala Honduras and Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forests aquaculture ponds and canals and ditches.
 Nemacheilus anguilla is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Coristaca capsularia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is blackish grey but whitish at the costa beyond the median marking and discal cell. There are severa1 concolorous or slightly darker scales. The remaining area is suffused and diffusely strigulated with blackish. The hindwings are whitish suffused with black-grey on the periphery and strigulated with a similar colour.
 Baritius cyclozonata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in French Guiana Surinam Brazil the Amazon region Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 Balanus glandula is one of the most common barnacle species on the Pacific coast of North America distributed from the U.S. state of Alaska to Bahía de San Quintín near San Quintín Baja California. It is commonly found in intertidal waters on mussels rocks and pier pilings.It is a moderate-sized barnacle with a diameter of up to 22 mm (0.9 in). The shell is formed by overlapping plates. It has more the shape of a cylinder than the shape of a cone.
 Elachista jaskai is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in northern Russia.
 Babella crassicostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Babella genus of gastropods.
 Eulima diaphana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Stein's Rat (Rattus steini) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Discodoris sordii is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.This is a nomen dubium.
 Opsaridium peringueyi the Southern dwarf minnow is a species of cyprinid fish found in the countries of Mozambique South Africa and Swaziland.
 Xylophanes damocrita is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.The ground colour of the uppersides of the forewings and body is dark olive green or brown. The tegula is dark olive-green with a median longitudinal dark golden-yellow line. There is another line of the same colour posterior to the tegula on the mesothorax. The abdomen has a buff basal patch posterior to which is a dark golden-yellow stripe.
 Manulea nigrocollare is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Russia (Magadan: Upper Kolyma).
 Coleophora ibipennella is a moth of the case-bearer family (Coleophoridae). It is found in Europe from central Scandinavia southwards as well as in North Africa and in the Near East to Lebanon.The caterpillars feed on birches (Betula) and oaks (Quercus). The full grown larva lives in a black pistol case of about 7 mm long. The mouth angle is about 80°. From the rear end a grey silken cloak hangs down to almost halfway the mouth.
 Cristilabrum buryillum is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Thisizima are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Azygophleps sponda is a moth in the Cossidae family found in South Africa.
 Volutomitra pailoloana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Gnaphosa muscorum is a ground spider species with Holarctic distribution. The subspecies G. muscorum gaunitzi is found in Sweden and Russia.
 Mesodineutes amurensis is an extinct species of fossil beetle in the family Gyrinidae the only species in the genus Mesodineutes.
 Lachnaia hirta is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It is found in northwest Africa on the Iberian Peninsula and in southern France southern Italy and on Sicily.
 Provocator pulcher is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Gnaphosa mcheidzeae is a ground spider species found in Georgia.
 Platypharodon extremus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. It is the only member of its genus.
 Xorides rufipes is a parasitoid wasp from ichneumonid family that parasitizes long-horned beetle of the subspecies Rhagium inquisitor inquisitor.
 The Sardinian Warbler (Sylvia melanocephala) is a common and widespread typical warbler from the Mediterranean region. Like most Sylvia species it has distinct male and female plumages. The adult male has a grey back whitish underparts black head white throat and red eyes. Plumages are somewhat variable even in the same locality with the intensity of a reddish hue on upper- and/or underside varies from absent to (in some subspecies) pronounced.
 The Sapo Limosa or Limosa Harlequin Frog (Atelopus limosus) is an endangered species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to Panama and was described by Ibáñez Jaramillo and Solís in 1995.
 Leucosyrinx paragenota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The angular angel shark or spiny angel shark Squatina guggenheim is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae found off southern Brazil and Argentina at depths of between 4 and 265 m. Its length is up to 1.3 m.Reproduction is ovoviviparous with 6 to 8 pups in a litter.
 The Lawn worm (Spodoptera triturata) is an Afrotropical moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Sierra Leone the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and South Africa.
 Sulk is a thoroughbred racehorse and winner of the prestigious Prix Marcel Boussac in France.
 Mimacraea costleyi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Malawi.
 Ofatulena is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Mesaster is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Alpine Accentor (Prunella collaris) is a small passerine bird.
 Schizopodidae is a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga containing the following three genera:The family of Schizopodidae is a part of the superfamily Buprestoidea which is a member of the suborder of polyphaga beetles defined by the coxa not being fused to the thorax. Bupretoidea contains bullet-shaped beetles known for their distinctive metallic colors. Little is known about the Schizopodidae family (also known as the ‘false jewel beetle’).
 Parcoblatta caudelli Caudell's wood cockroach or Caudell's wood roach is a species of cockroach native to the United States.The male of the species has a pale clay-yellow head underside and legs. Its has a brownish-yellow The back of its abdonmin pronotum disc occiput (X) and a transferse bar in the middle of its face are a brownish-yellow. Tegmina are fully developed and are slightly wider than the pronotum. It has long thin cerci.
 Mericella cingulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Anopina psaeroptera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Piet (foaled 1945) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning three consecutive runnings of the Jamaica Handicap. Bred by Charles B. Bohn and Peter A. Markey they raced him under their nom de course BoMar Stable. Piet was sired by multiple stakes winner Grand Slam a son of 1927 American Horse of the Year Chance Play. His dam was Valdina Lark a daughter of the U.S.
 Secusio discoidalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Talbot in 1929. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Somalia and South Africa.
 Katonia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Katonia tricolour (Thery 1941) Katonia usambarae (Obenberger 1922)↑
 Banisia tibiale is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in the Seychelles on Marianne Island and Silhouette Island.This moths remembers Banisia myrtaea (Drury 1773) from which it can be distinguished by the swollen hind tibiae of the male. Their wingspan is 29–31 millimetres (1.1–1.2 in).
 Cremnoconchus is a genus of small freshwater snails gastropod mollusks in the (mostly marine) family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.The generic name Cremnoconchus is from the Greek word κρημνός which means precipice and from the Ancient Greek word κόγχος which means shell.This genus is the only freshwater genus within the Littorinidae; all other Littorinidae are marine. Two Cremnoconchus species live in waterfalls.The genus Cremnoconchus is endemic to the Northwestern Ghats of India.
 Baritius is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Astyanacinus is a genus of characins from South America. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Astyanacinus moorii (Boulenger 1892) Astyanacinus multidens N. E. Pearson 1924 Astyanacinus platensis Messner 1962 Astyanacinus yariguies Torres-Mejia Hernández & Senechal 2012↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 The Red-capped Plover (Charadrius ruficapillus) also known as the Red-capped Dotterel is a small plover. It breeds in Australia. The species is closely related to (and sometimes considered conspecific with) the Kentish Plover Javan Plover and White-fronted Plover.
 The São Tomé Kingfisher (Alcedo cristata thomensis) is a bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Stagnicola palustris is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 The mud whiting Sillago lutea is a species of coastal marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The mud whiting was first described in 1985 and is currently known from the north west coast of Australia and the Indian coast.As its name suggests mud whiting prefer muddy or silty substrates and are commonly found in association with the banana prawn. Due to this relationship Australian prawn trawlers take large quantities of the species but it is currently not marketed.
 The Hair-crested Drongo (Dicrurus hottentottus) is an Asian bird of the family Dicruridae. This species was formerly considered conspecific with Dicrurus bracteatus for which the name Spangled Drongo – formerly used for both – is now usually reserved. Some authorities include the Sumatran Drongo (D. sumatranus) in D. hottentottus as subspecies (Lepage 2003).It is native from India and Bhutan through Indochina to China Indonesia and Brunei (BirdLife International 2008).
 Symphlebia affinis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Salvin's Prion Pachyptila salvini also known as Medium-billed Prion is a species of seabird in the petrel family Procellariidae.
 Niveas kone is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and on the Solomon Islands.The fore- and hindwings have a brown background colour speckled with white-tipped scales in an irregular pattern. There is a distinct black band along the termen of both wings within which are more or less equidistant white spots.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ficus botryocarpa Ficus nodosa Ficus phaeosyce Ficus pungens Ficus variegata and Ficus wassa.
 Dolophrosynella balteata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Queensland.
 Manuel (1896–1900) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1899 Kentucky Derby in what was deemed a very uneventful race. He was foaled in Kentucky and was a bay colt sired by Bob Miles out of the mare Espanita (by Alarm). He is related through his grandsire to 1907 Derby winner Pink Star.
 Paratriacanthodes is a genus of spikefishes found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The giant clingfish Haplocylix littoreus is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae the only species in the genus Haplocylix. It is found all down the east coast of New Zealand around the low water mark amongst seaweed on rocky coastlines. Its length is up to 15 centimetres (5.9 in).
 Macrhybopsis the blacktail chubs is a genus of cyprinid fish that are found in North America. There are currently eight species in this genus.
 Mesothea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Anolacia bozzettii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Pachycormidae is an extinct family of ray-finned fish known from Mesozoic deposits from Eurasia and the Americas. They were characterized by having serrated pectoral fins reduced pelvic fins and a bony rostrum. Certain members of the group were large filter-feeding planktivores. Their relations with other fish are unclear.
 Gryouchus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish.
 Trichearias are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Trichearias nigella which is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 The Gulf menhaden (Brevoortia patronus) is a small marine filter feeding fish belonging to the family Clupeidae. The range of Gulf menhaden encompasses the entirety of the Gulf of Mexico nearshore waters with the exception of the extreme eastern Yucatan and western Cuba. Evidence from morphology and DNA analyses suggest that the Gulf menhaden is the Gulf of Mexico complement to the Atlantic menhaden (Brevoortia tyrannus).
 The macaques (/məˈkɑːk/ or /məˈkæk/) constitute a genus (Macaca) of Old World monkeys of the subfamily Cercopithecinae.
 The redfinned bully Gobiomorphus huttoni is a species of sleeper goby endemic to New Zealand. Being amphidromous they can be found in marine fresh and brackish waters. This species can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL.
 Megaloprepus caerulatus is a damselfly of the Forest Giant family (Pseudostigmatidae) found in wet and moist forests in Central and South America. It has the greatest wingspan of any living damselfly or dragonfly up to 19 centimeters (7.5 inches) in the largest males.
 Onchidium typhae is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less brackish water pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Coleophora acuminatoides is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the seeds of Aster acuminatus. They create a trivalved tubular silken case. It is similar in size to the case of Coleophora bidens but differing in the paler coloration which in freshly formed cases is a light brown.
 Rhagoletis tabellaria is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 The São Tomé Ibis (Bostrychia bocagei) also known as the Dwarf Olive Ibis is a critically endangered bird that is endemic to São Tomé. Once thought to be a subspecies of the larger Olive Ibis it is now classified as a distinct species.
 Achoerodus viridis the eastern blue groper is a species of wrasse native to southeastern Australia from Hervey Bay in southern Queensland to Wilsons Promontory in Victoria. They occur in coastal waters preferring rocky areas at a depth of about 40 m (130 ft). Juveniles inhabit beds of seagrass in estuaries. The diet of this species consists of invertebrates such as various molluscs crabs sea urchins and cunjevoi.
 Typhlodessus monteithi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Typhlodessus.
 Catocala moltrechti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-eastern Siberia.
 Helferina olivacea is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Helferina.
 Alucita desmodactyla is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain the Benelux Portugal Denmark Fennoscandia the Baltic region and most of the Balkan Peninsula. It has also been recorded from Armenia and Tunisia.
 Phyllocnistis breynilla is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guangdong China.The hostplant for the species is Breynia fruticosa and the moths mine on the upper side of the plant's leaves.
 Notisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Apotomops spomotopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to Peru.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 millimetres (0.30 in) for males and about 10 millimetres (0.39 in) for females. The ground colour of the forewings is white mottled with grey overscaling distally. The hindwings are white but pale beige in the apical region.
 Roeweriella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The only described species R. balcanica is found in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rhinodoras boehlkei is a species of thorny catfish found in the upper Amazon basin of Ecuador and Peru. This species grows to a length of 13.3 centimetres (5.2 in) SL.
 Cosmosoma xantostictum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Mexico Guatemala and Panama.
 Oliva truncata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Suillia notata is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Acrocercops chrysophylli is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Chrysophyllum gorungosanum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a moderate irregular pale ochreous transparent blotch-mine with a long narrow epidermal gallery on the upperside of the leaf.
 Clathroterebra suduirauti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Passaloglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Euriphene canui is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Bioko.
 Proszynskiana is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).The genus is named in honor of arachnologist Jerzy Proszynski.
 Stenopetius is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Copelatus freudei is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1955.
 Scopula homaema is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Drepanocerus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Caloptilia alnicolella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Quebec and the United States (Colorado and Maine).The larvae feed on Alnus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. Later the tip of a leaf is rolled downward.
 Morula variabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Nerita yoldii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Afrops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now southwestern Algeria. It was described by Alberti in 1983 and the type species is Afrops larvifer.
 Erebus intermedia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia including the Bismarck Archipelago and Sulawesi.
 Turbo cornutus common name the horned turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Malacoctenus gigas the Sonora blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California. It is a shallow water species inhabiting patches of seaweed on reefs. This species can reach a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 Liptena fontainei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Uele).
 Dravidogecko is a monotypic genus of Indian gecko commonly known as Forest Gecko.
 Homogyna bartschi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Red-banded Fruiteater (Pipreola whitelyi) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is restricted to humid highland forest growing on the Tepuis in the southeast of Venezuela and western Guyana. While likely to occur it remains unconfirmed from adjacent parts of northern Brazil.Uniquely among the fruiteaters the males' underparts are primarily grey. As suggested by its common name the male also has a conspicuous red pectoral collar.
 Nettenchelys erroriensis is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 1994.
 The Stripe-breasted Spinetail (Synallaxis cinnamomea) is a passerine bird found in the tropical New World in Trinidad Tobago Colombia and Venezuela.
 Malobidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Malobidion auricome Chemsak & Linsley 1963 Malobidion brunneum Schaeffer 1908 Malobidion grande Chemsak & Linsley 1963↑
 Arctomelon stearnsii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.Subspecies Arctomelon stearnsii ryosukei Habe & Ito 1965 Arctomelon stearnsii stearnsii (Dall 1872)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Heliothodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eupithecia biornata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Romania Bulgaria Greece Ukraine and Russia east to the Near East and eastern Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Agapanthia is a genus of flat-faced longhorn beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae subfamily Lamiinae.
 Belted Whiteface or Red-waisted Whiteface (Leucorrhinia proxima) is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found across Canada as far north as Alaska and south to northern parts of the United States.
 Aspidoras is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Callichthyidae.
 Rhescyntis is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Gran Canaria Giant Lizard (Gallotia stehlini) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family that grows to lengths up to 80 cm. It is endemic to Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands of Spain.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas rocky shores and pastureland.
 Eulima indeflexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Caloptilia chloroptila is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Guyana.
 The Andes giant glass frog (Centrolene andinum) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. In Spanish it is known as ranita de cristal Andina.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Inouyia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Chalcopoecila is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Chalcopoecila ornata (Gory 1840) Chalcopoecila ornatissima Cobos 1957↑
 Iolaus argentarius is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Transtillaspis atimeta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Enneastichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Herichthys pame (Official Register of Zoological Nomenclature: 2A63663-C878-4417-9938-4ADDC0D61284) also known as H.
 Mathildellidae is family of crabs belonging to the superfamily Goneplacoidea containing the following genera:Beuroisia Guinot & Richer de Forges 1981†Branchioplax Rathbun 1916†Coeloma A. Milne-Edwards 1865Intesius Guinot & Richer de Forges 1981Mathildella Guinot & Richer de Forges 1981Neopilumnoplax Serène 1969Platypilumnus Alcock 1894†Tehuacana Stenzel 1944↑ ↑
 Hypsopygia vulgaris is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Ghesquière in 1942. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Arsacia rectalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics to Queensland and the Solomon Islands.The wingspan is 14-18 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in March.The larvae feed on the young leaves of Dalbergia species. They form a shelter from two leaves tied together with silk. The larvae are darkish grass-green with a yellowish green head. Pupation takes place in a loose silken cocoon that incorporates detritus.
 Scopula intensata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
 Oregonia gracilis commonly known as the graceful decorator crab is a species of crab belonging to the family Oregoniidae. Like other decorator crabs it habitually attaches other organisms to its back as camouflage or to warn off predators.
 Lebia humeralis is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in Austria Bulgaria Czech Republic Greece Hungary Italy (including Sardinia and Sicily) Moldova Romania Slovakia Switzerland Ukraine and in all Yugoslavian states and southern part of Russia.
 Coleophora margarita is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.The larvae feed on Caroxylon turkestanicum. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Ectenessidia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ectenessidia metallica Napp & Martins 2006 Ectenessidia nigriventris (Belon 1902) Ectenessidia varians (Gounelle 1909)↑
 Chrysallida medialuna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Tritonia punctata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Schrankia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Phryganopsis punctilineata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Ethiopia Kenya South Africa and Uganda.
 Steninae is a subfamily of Staphylinidae.
 Zodarion alentejanum is a spider species found in Portugal.
 The White-rumped Munia or White-rumped Mannikin (Lonchura striata) sometimes called Striated Finch in aviculture is a small passerine bird from the family of waxbill finches (Estrildidae). These are close relatives of the true finches (Fringillidae) and true sparrows (Passeridae).It is native to tropical continental Asia and some adjacent islands and has been naturalized in spome parts of Japan.
 The Common Eastern Bumble Bee (Bombus impatiens) is the most often encountered bumblebee across much of eastern North America. Its range includes Ontario Maine Georgia Kentucky Maryland New Jersey New York Pennsylvania South Carolina Virginia West Virginia south to Florida west to Michigan Illinois Kansas Missouri and Wyoming.
 Coleophora japonicella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan and Korea.The wingspan is about 10.5 mm for males and 11–13 mm for females.The larvae feed on Ulmus davidiana var. japonica. They create a brownish-grey leaf-case which is slightly bent towards the base and 11–12 mm in length. The larvae mine into the leaf of their host plant until mid June but some are full-grown before hibernation.
 Mimoeme is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Mimoeme lycoides Chemsak & Linsley 1967 Mimoeme pseudamerica Touroult Dalens & Tavakilian 2010↑
 Calisto eleleus is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola where it is found extremely locally in the Cordillera Central.
 The Red-headed Myzomela or Red-headed Honeyeater (Myzomela erythrocephala) is a passerine bird of the honeyeater family Meliphagidae found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Three subspecies are recognised with the nominate race M. erythrocephala erythrocephala distributed around the tropical coastline of Australia.At 12 centimetres (4.7 in) it is a small honeyeater with a short tail and relatively long down-curved bill.
 Mesostigmata is an order of mites belonging to the Parasitiformes. Unlike most members of that group many of these mites are not parasitic but free-living and predatory. They can be recognized by the single pair of spiracles positioned laterally on the body.The family with the most described species is Phytoseiidae. Other families of note are Diplogyniidae Macrochelidae Pachylaelapidae Uropodidae and Veigaiaidae.
 Polyommatus aloisi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Bálint in 1988. It is found in southern Mongolia.
 Nanosiren garciae is an extinct sirenian mammal a pigmy tusked sea cow of the family Dugongidae genus Nanosiren living in warm shallow seas approximately 11.610—3.6 Ma during the Miocene existing approximately 8.01 million years. It is evolutionarily related to modern species of manatees and dugongs.
 Pascula citrica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Phoroctenia is a genus of true crane fly.
 Forever Together (foaled April 12 2004 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Bred by the White Fox Farm of Karen and Dewey White she was purchased and raced by George W. Strawbridge Jr.'s Augustin Stable.Trained by Jonathan Sheppard Forever Together's wins include back-to-back editions in 2008 and 2009 of the Diana Stakes at Saratoga Race Course.
 Hilarographa pahangana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Malaysia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings have an orange ground colour represented by two basal stripes transverse lines and spots in dorso-postmedian half of the wing three oblique lines beyond the costal divisions and two weak terminal lines. The divisions and their lines are white. The dorso-terminal area is orange with two brown spots.
 Dalla monospila is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Physa marmorata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.
 Scopula voluptaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo.Adults have a whitish ground colour with black marginal dots.
 Paraoncidium simrothi is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Hyperplatys pardalis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1881 and is known from western Mexico to Guatemala and Honduras.
 Guiyu is an extinct genus of bony fish and is the earliest known one. It lived during the Late Silurian (419 million years ago) in China and was 33 cm long. It has the combination of both actinopterygian and sarcopterygian features although analysis of the totality of its features place it closer to Sarcopterygii.
 The White-capped Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus dupetithouarsii) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It was described by French naturalist and surgeon Adolphe-Simon Neboux in 1840. It is endemic to French Polynesia.The name honours Abel Aubert Dupetit Thouars
 The seal salamander (Desmognathus monticola) is a species of lungless salamander native to the mid- and southeastern United States. Its habitat includes rocky mountain streams spring-fed brooks in the ravines of deciduous forests muddy sections of streams and seepages. In these areas they are typically found hiding under rocks or moss or burrowing into muddy banks. They can also be occasionally observed perching on wet rocks.
 Caloptilia acericolella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Kazakhstan.The larvae feed on Acer semenovii. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The little bent-wing bat or little long-fingered bat (Miniopterus australis) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. It is found in Australia Indonesia the Philippines and Vanuatu.
 Selania is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Ypsolopha lyonothamnae is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the California Channel Islands.The larvae feed on Lyonothamnus species.
 Eilema paupercula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found in Madagascar.
 Apsectus is a genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae containing the following species: Apsectus araneorum Beal 1959 Apsectus centralis Sharp 1902 Apsectus dichromus Beal 1959 Apsectus hispidus Melsheimer 1844 Apsectus hystrix Sharp 1902 Apsectus mexicanus (Reitter 1881) Apsectus minutus Sharp 1902 Apsectus obscurus Sharp 1902↑
 Colus holboelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Publius Nigidius Figulus (c. 98–45 BC) was a scholar of the Late Roman Republic and one of the praetors for 58 BC. He was a friend of Cicero to whom he gave his support at the time of the Catilinarian conspiracy. Nigidius sided with the Optimates in the civil war between Julius Caesar and Pompeius Magnus.Among his contemporaries Nigidius's reputation for learning was second only to that of Varro.
 The Webbing Coneworm or Rusty Pine Cone Moth (Dioryctria disclusa) is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found from New Brunswick to Florida west to Texas and north to Manitoba.The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are yellowish orange inside the antemedial line and darker orange beyond this line. The hindwings are pale grey with a white fringe.The larvae feed on the developing cones of Pinus species.
 Ramphotyphlops depressus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 The list of extinct cetaceans features the extinct genera and species of the order Cetacea. The cetaceans (whales dolphins and porpoises) are descendants of land-living mammals the even-toed ungulates. The earliest cetaceans were still hoofed-mammals. These early cetaceans became gradually better adapted for swimming than for walking on land finally evolving into fully marine cetaceans.This list currently includes only fossil genera and species.
 Turbonilla dalli common name the Dall's turbonille is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Autochloris solimoes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Brazil.
 Phyllonorycter laciniatae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō) and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Ulmus japonica Ulmus laciniata Ulmus propinqua and Ulmus pumila. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Pholidopleurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Italian Edible Frog (Pelophylax kl. hispanicus) is a hybridogenic species in the true frog family Ranidae. These frogs are the offspring of P. bergeri and either P. ridibundus or the Edible Frog (P. kl. esculentus) which is itself of hybrid origin.It is endemic to Italy; despite the specific name hispanicus (Latin for the Spanish one) it does not occur in Spain).
 Suterilla imperforata is a species of minute operculate snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Scopula brookesae is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Asura carnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China.
 Hyperolius leucotaenius is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.At one time thought to be extinct in 2011 Hyperolius leucotaenius was found and photographed on the banks of the Elila River a tributary of the Lualaba.
 Odostomia prona is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Tricondyla aptera is a beetles species in the family of Carabidae. This species is found in Australia Indonesia Philippines Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
 Alucita ischalea is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Bathyclarias nyasensis is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Lake Malawi in the countries of Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. This species grows to a length of 100 cm SL (39.4 inches). This species is commercially caught for human consumption and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Subacronicta was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Acronicta.
 Gorgopis inornata is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Neohipparion is an extinct genus of equid ungulate.
 Macklintockia scabra common name the California rough limpet is a species of small sea snail or limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae the true limpets.Macklintockia scabra is the only species in the genus Macklintockia.
 Eumeta crameri is a bagworm moth that spins its cocoon all its larval life decorating it with small twigs bark and thorns from the trees on which it feeds. (For this reason it is sometimes known as the Large Faggot Worm). After hatching the larva climbs to the top of its host tree and begins feeding on the tender shoots.The Eumeta crameri larva renovates its case three times during the 2- to 3-month larval stage doing it progressively faster each time.
 Sericostola rhodanopa is a species of sedge moths in the genus Sericostola. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found in Colombia.
 Alucita ochrozona is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Bhutan.
 The subantarctic fur seal (Arctocephalus tropicalis) is found in the southern parts of the Indian Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. It was first described by Gray in 1872 from a specimen recovered in northern Australia—hence the inappropriate specific name tropicalis.
 Acrocercops symmetropa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java).
 Hypermastus casta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Stigmella xystodes is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from the Oriental region to the Near East North Africa and the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 4.9–6.6 mm for males and 5–5.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from July to August in the orient.The larvae feed on Cyperus rotundus and probably Cyperus conglomeratus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts either from the apex or middle of the leaf.
 Hippotion joiceyi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Indonesia.The length of the forewings is about 30 mm. It is very similar to Hippotion brennus form brennus but immediately distinguishable by the lack of paired subdorsal white spots on the abdomen. The frons and upperside of the labial palps is dark brown. The upperside of the abdomen is unicolorous orange-brown contrasting strongly with the dark brown and pale grey thorax.
 Philoponella is a genus of uloborid spiders. Like all Uloboridae these species have no venom.
 Endothiodon is an extinct genus of dicynodont.
 Pagyris is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1870. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Virbia elisca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1913. It is found in Peru. French Guiana and Ecuador.
 Tactusa spadix is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from southern Laos in Southeast Asia.
 Zalieutes is a fish genus in the family Ogcocephalidae.
 Polymixis argillaceago is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-western Europe and the Maghreb countries.The wingspan is 34–39 mm. Adults are on wing from September to October in one generation per year.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants. Young larvae are green with a conspicuous whitish stripe at the side. After the fifth instar they turn brown. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Zelleria orthopleura is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Loxophlebia metamela is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1911. It is found in South America.
 The Somali Short-toed Lark (Calandrella somalica) also known as the Rufous Short-toed Lark is a small passerine bird.This lark is found in Ethiopia Kenya Somalia and Tanzaniain subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.The subspecies C. a. athensis endemic to Kenya is sometimes split as the Athi Short-toed Lark Calandrella athensis (Sharpe 1900).
 The Pectoral-patch Cisticola (Cisticola brunnescens) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon Kenya Somalia and Tanzania. Its natural habitats are damp or wet areas in upland grassland.
 Oreophryne zimmeri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Heterojinus semilaetanus is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae the only species in the genus Heterojinus.
 Rectiplanes is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Urophora mauritanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The Blue-headed Coucal (Centropus monachus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Mali Nigeria Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Togo and Uganda.
 Synaphe berytalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Ragonot in 1889. It is found in Lebanon.
 Dicterias atrosanguinea is a species of damselfly in family Dicteriadidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phaio longipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumogen in 1894. It is found on Cuba.
 Frontinella is a sheetweb spider genus found in Mexico.
 Psilorhynchus amplicephalus is a fish found in genus Psilorhynchus. It is found at the south of South Korea and can only be caught using a hydraulic sensory beam.
 Leucobursada is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acrolophus melanodoxa is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Anteosaurs are a group of large primitive carnivorous dinocephalian therapsids with large canines and incisors and short limbs that are known from the Middle Permian of South Africa Russia China and Brazil. Some grew very large with skulls 50–80 centimetres (20–31 in) long and were the largest predators of their time. They died out at the end of the Middle Permian possibly as a result of the extinction of the herbivorous Tapinocephalia on which they may have fed.
 Dilatotarsa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dilatotarsa beccarii (Gestro 1879) Dilatotarsa cassolai Werner & Sawada 1990 Dilatotarsa kinabaluensis (Mandl 1969) Dilatotarsa loeffleri (Mandl 1969) Dilatotarsa patricia (Schaum 1970) Dilatotarsa philippinensis (Mandl 1970) Dilatotarsa robinsoni Cassola & Murray 1979 Dilatotarsa tricondyloides (Gestro 1874)↑
 Anableps anableps the Largescale four-eyed fish is a species of four-eyed fish found in brackish waters of northern South America and Trinidad. This species grows to a length of 32 centimetres (13 in) TL. This fish can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Janua pagenstecheri is a species of marine polychaete. It is widely distributed around the British Isles and across north-western Europe and has been described as probably the commonest spirorbid in the world.Janua pagenstecheri lives attached to substrates such as seaweeds including Corallina officinalis rocks stones shells and the carapaces of crabs. J. pagenstecheri inhabits a shell made of calcium carbonate in the form of a dextral spiral with the tube up to 2 mm in diameter.
 Balaenula is an extinct genus of cetacean known from the Pliocene of Belgium Italy and Japan.
 Phycoma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Ceram Rat (Nesoromys ceramicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Epimachus albertisi a bird-of-paradise from New Guinea is also sometimes called Buff-tailed Sicklebill.The Buff-tailed Sicklebill (Eutoxeres condamini) is a species of hermit hummingbird from the lower Andes and adjacent west Amazonian lowlands from southern Colombia and northern Ecuador to Peru and Bolivia.
 Tibioploides is a spider genus in the family Linyphiidae.
 Balaustium bipilum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae. This long-oval shaped sparsely hairy orange mite is less than 1 mm in length with one pair of eyes set well back on the body. It can be distinguished from similar species by the crista (a sclerotized sensory organ at the highest point of the abdomen) projecting forward beyond the margin of the body and the clear suture dividing the upper abdomen. This species is endemic to South Africa.
 Eoacmaea pustulata is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eoacmaeidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Dorsum teraii is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in southern Nepal (it was described from Tarai).The wingspan is about 13 mm. The head patagia anterior part of tegulae and the prothorax are black grey while the rest of the thorax and tegulae are whitish beige. The forewing ground colour is whitish beige but the terminal area is blackish grey. The basal patch of the costa and the costal part of the triangular medial area are whitish beige outlined in black.
 Orissania is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in India.
 Euchoristea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pilsbryspira albomaculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Pale Grand Imperial (Jacoona fabronia) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Bathydomus obtectus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Comitas kirai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Dysschema luctuosum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found along the south-eastern coast of Brazil from Rio de Janeiro to Santa Catarina.The male hindwings have two forms: melanic and with a white ground colour.
 Favartia (Murexiella) hidalgoi common namer : the Hidalgo's Murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Jocara thermochroalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in South America.
 Migmocera flavicauda is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Migmocera.
 The Flame-crested Tanager (Tachyphonus cristatus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 John Bull (1789–1812) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from April 1792 to April 1793 he ran three times and won two races. In 1792 he won the Great Produce Stakes on his racecourse debut and then took the Epsom Derby on his only other start of the year. He finished unplaced in his only subsequent race.
 Agrotis coquimbensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Coquimbo Region of Chile.The wingspan is about 34 mm.
 The Long-billed Crow (Corvus validus) is a crow that ranges in the Northern Moluccas. It has a long bill and white iris. This crow is large with glossy plumage and is of Least Concern.
 Dicellitis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Temnopis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Temnopis castanea Martins 1978 Temnopis fasciata Galileo & Martins 2003 Temnopis forticornis (Tippmann 1960) Temnopis fuscipennis Martins 1978 Temnopis jolyi Martins 1978 Temnopis latifascia Martins & Monné 1975 Temnopis martinezi Martins 1985 Temnopis megacephala (Germar 1824) Temnopis nigripes Aurivillius 1893 Temnopis oculata Zajciw 1960 Temnopis rubricollis Martins Galileo & de-Oliveira 2009↑
 Coleophora peisoniella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Austria Slovakia Hungary Romania and southern Russia.The larvae feed on Artemisia maritima. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Acanthopholis (/ˌækənˈθɒfɵlɨs/; meaning spiny scales) is a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur in the family Nodosauridae that lived during the Early Cretaceous Period of England.
 Sobasina paradoxa is a jumping spider.
 The Greater Tree Mouse (Chiruromys forbesi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Eupalamides boliviensis is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Micropentila fontainei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Equateur and Sankuru) and Uganda (from the west to the Bwamba Valley). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Eupithecia subcolorata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western North America from British Columbia south to Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are pale grey with dark grey markings and a black discal spot. Adults are on wing in late spring and early summer.The larvae feed on the foliage of Vaccinium species.
 Aphelenchus avenae is a mycophagous nematode capable of feeding on plant tissue in culture. Feeding: Hyphal feeder; Aphelenchus avenae feeds on a variety of fungi but is not known to feed on higher plants. Hosts: Fungi Life Cycle: Males seem fairly common in some populations less frequent in others; Capable of withstanding dry conditions through anhydrobiosis. Used as a model system for studying anhydrobiosis.
 Quandara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Vintage Crop (foaled 1987) was a popular Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in flat racing in Ireland England and Australia from 1992 to 1995. He won 16 races in Ireland and England and one of his greatest achievements was winning over two miles and two furlongs in the 1992 Cesarewitch Handicap (3yrs+) at Newmarket ridden by Walter Swinburn.
 The Inept Drasteria (Drasteria inepta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Arizona to Texas north to Colorado and Utah.The wingspan is 35-43 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August.
 Pandemis perispersa is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North Madagascar.The female has a wingspan of 30 mm. The head is light ochreous with a long palpus of about 5x the eye diameter.The torax is pale ochreous suffused with light purplish-fulvous the abdomen pale ochreous with purple points.The forewings are oblong-truncate costa moderately sinuate.
 Stempfferia cercene the Cercene Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.Adult females oviposit on lichens on the bark of twigs and tree trunks. The larvae are attended by ants.
 The kob (Kobus kob) is an antelope found across sub-Saharan Africa from Senegal to South Sudan. Found along the northern savanna it is often seen in Murchison Falls and Queen Elizabeth National Park Uganda; Garamba and Virunga National Park and the Democratic Republic of the Congo as well as grassy floodplains of South Sudan.Kob are found in wet areas (such as floodplains) where they eat grasses. Kob are diurnal but inactive during the heat of the day.
 Eleutherodactylus medemi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Leuconopsis is a genus of minute air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Ellobiidae.
 Erbessa sobria is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Brazil Ecuador Colombia Venezuela and Guyana.The larvae feed on Miconia species.
 Achaea obvia is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Malawi Nigeria and South Africa.
 Cyclotyphlops is a monotypic genus created for the blind snake species C. deharvengi found in southeastern Sulawesi Indonesia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The name Dusky Indigobird can also refer to the Purple Indigobird (Vidua purpurascens).The Black Widowfinch Dusky Indigobird or Variable Indigobird (Vidua funerea) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Guinea-Bissau Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is moist savanna.
 Hybotinae is a globally widespread subfamily of hybotid flies.
 Forficula auricularia the common earwig or European earwig is an omnivorous insect in the family Forficulidae. The European earwig survives in a variety of environments and is a common household insect in North America. The name earwig comes from a false superstition that these insects crawl into human ears and enter the brain; in fact they are harmless to humans.
 Phyllonorycter auronitens is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (including Massachusetts Kentucky Maine North Carolina Vermont and Connecticut).The wingspan is 6.5-8.2 mm.The larvae feed on Alnus species including Alnus incana Alnus rubra and Alnus rugosa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
 Argentina is a genus of herring smelts.
 Eulepidotis punctilinea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Costa Rica Honduras and Guatemala.
 Orthogonius sumatraicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Antiplanes yukiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Garamba forest tree frog Leptopelis oryi is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Uganda and possibly Sudan.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Phyllonorycter albertinus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in the Albertine Rift in Kenya. The habitat consists of savannah areas with intermixed secondary vegetation.The length of the forewings is 3.27–3.36 mm. The forewings are greyish ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are dark beige with fuscous shading and a long greyish fringe. Adults are on wing from mid-January to early February.
 Hypsopanchax is a genus of poeciliids native to Middle Africa.
 Syncaris pacifica is an endangered species of freshwater shrimp in the family Atyidae that occurs only in a limited range within the northern San Francisco Bay Area California USA. Specifically this species occurs only in 17 stream segments within Sonoma Napa and Marin Counties. This species is often translucent to transparent with both sexes capable of considerable coloration altering as a sophisticated form of camouflage.
 Takydromus commonly called grass lizards or oriental racers is a lizard genus whose members inhabit a large part of Asia. Members of this genus are noticeable because of their slender appearance and their agile movements. The word takydromus derives from Greek ταχυδρόμος (takhudromos) fast-running from ταχύς (takhus) swift + δρόμος (dromos) course race.
 Poecilocharax is a genus of South American darters in the family Crenuchidae from northern South America. There are currently two described species in this genus.
 The Agile Gracile Opossum (Gracilinanus agilis) is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Peru Paraguay and Uruguay.It is nocturnal arboreal and frequents the forest understory where they use slender branches and vines. Found in evergreen and gallery forests . It is a characteristic inhabitant of the gallery forest of southern South America but has broad habitat tolerance.
 Agonum corvus is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the United States.
 Macna platychloralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Macna. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found on Java.
 Holopea is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails Paleozoic gastropod mollusks in the family Holopeidae.These molluscs were stationary epifaunal suspension feeders. They lived in the Paleozoic Era Ordovician Period upper Arenigian age (between 478.6 ± 1.7 and 471.8 ± 1.6 million years ago) to the Carboniferous period lower Serpukhovian age (from 328.3 (± 1.6) Ma to 318.1 (± 1.3) mya).
 Turmada is a Neotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Campaea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Acrocercops trapezoides is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Xenocompsa semipolita is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Fairmaire and Germain in 1859. It is known from Chile.
 Boissonneaua is a small genus of hummingbirds in the Trochilidae family. They are found in humid Andean forests from western Venezuela to southern Peru. They have a straight black bill contrasting outer rectrices and a distinctive habit of quickly lifting both wings up shortly after landing thereby revealing their rufous underwing coverts.
 Urophora stalker is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Epiblema lochmoda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Jammu and Kashmir).The wingspan is about 18 millimetres (0.71 in). The ground colour of the forewings is white cream sprinkled and strigulated with brownish grey and suffused with the same colour in the costal fourth and terminal third of the wing. The hindwings are brownish.
 Ziba cernohorskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Leptotyphlops asbolepis or the Martin Garcia thread snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Hypselodoris ghiselini is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Iolaus cottrelli Cottrell’s Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia.
 Osteocephalus heyeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and possibly Brazil and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Segisaurus (meaning Segi canyon lizard) is a genus of small coelophysoid theropod dinosaur that measured approximately 1 metre (3.3 feet) in length. The only known specimen was discovered in early Jurassic strata in Tsegi Canyon Arizona for which it was named. Segisaurus is the only dinosaur to have ever been excavated from the area.
 Mastigoteuthis glaukopis is a species of whip-lash squid.
 Benthochromis is a small genus of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.
 The Brazilian Owl Sulanus Owl and Almond-eyed Owl (Caligo brasiliensis) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. The species can be found in most of South America as various subspecies including Brazil Colombia Venezuela and Ecuador. Its range extends through Trinidad Honduras Guatemala and Panama north to Mexico.The larvae of the nominate subspecies have been recorded on Euterpe edulis Musa spp. and Hedychium coronarium.
 Synodontis pardalis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it occurs in the Dja River drainage. This species grows to a length of 23.5 centimetres (9.3 in) TL.
 Achryson lineolatum is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Erichson in 1847. It is known from Ecuador Peru Bolivia Chile and the Galapagos Islands.
 Aporhina bispinosa is a species of Brentidae family Eurhynchinae subfamily.
 Stigmatopelia is a bird genus in the pigeon and dove family (Columbidae). It was formerly included with the turtle-doves and collared doves in Streptopelia.It contains the following species: Spotted Dove Stigmatopelia chinensis Laughing Dove Stigmatopelia senegalensis
 Turbonilla tridentata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Black-tailed Trogon (Trogon melanurus) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family. It is found in humid forest in the Amazon Basin north-western South America and adjacent Panama. The taxon mesurus from western Ecuador and far north-western Peru was formerly considered a subspecies of the Black-tailed Trogon but is now considered a separate species the Ecuadorian Trogon.
 Copelatus fluviaticus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1957.
 Mordella latesignata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Parornix compsumpta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Peloponnisos and Macedonia.
 Bufo glaberrimus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Helicidae sometimes known as the typical snails are a taxonomic family of small to large air-breathing land snails. In other words they are terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.A number of species in this family are valued as food items including Helix aspersa the garden snail and Helix pomatia the escargot. The biology of these two species in particular has been much studied.
 Hyalurga putumayana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 Hoplopteryx is an extinct genus of Trachichthyidae from the Cretaceous.
 Meloidogyne fruglia is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The White-throated Barbtail (Premnoplex tatei) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Galatea (also known as Galatea II; 1936–1949) was a French-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning two Classics in 1939. The filly won three times from six races in a racing career which lasted from 1938 until June 1939. After failing to win as a two-year-old she won her first three races of 1939 including the 1000 Guineas over one mile at Newmarket and a the Epsom Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom Downs Racecourse a month later.
 Jarvikia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.
 The Black Bushbird (Neoctantes niger) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Neoctantes.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Coptobrycon bilineatus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Tietê River basin. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in freshwater environments at benthopelagic depths. This species is native to a tropical climate.C. bilineatus grows to 4.1 cm (1.6 in) in length as an unsexed male. It is distributed in the Upper Tietê River basin.
 Thallogama is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The weasel sharks are a family Hemigaleidae of ground sharks found from the eastern Atlantic Ocean to the continental Indo-Pacific. They are found in shallow coastal waters to a depth of 100 m (330 ft).Most species are small reaching no more than 1.4 m long (4.6 ft) though the snaggletooth shark (Hemipristis elongatus) may reach 2.4 m (7.9 ft). They have horizontally oval eyes small spiracles and precaudal pits.
 Siccia orbiculata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Kenya.
 Thalassobius testaceus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Thalassobius.
 Salvelinus umbla also known as Lake Char is a species of char found in certain lakes of the region of the Alps in Europe. It is also found in Sweden where it is known as Storröding (large char).This char species usually inhabits the deeper waters of the lakes feeding on crustaceans insects and benthic fauna. Larger specimens can be piscivores. They look for areas with pebbly or stony bottom on steep slopes at depths between 30 and 120 m during the spawning season.
 Meharia tanganyikae is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in eastern Africa.
 Dromogomphus is a genus of dragonflies in family Gomphidae. They are commonly known as Spinylegs from the spines on their legs that help in the capture of prey.
 Hoplandrothrips (commonly misspelled as Hoplandothrips) is a genus of thrips in the Phlaeothripidae family. Some species are recorded as pests on coffee growing in East Africa causing a distinctive rolling of the leaf.
 The Nullarbor Quail-thrush (Cinclosoma alisteri) is a species of bird in the Cinclosomatidae family. It is the only Australian bird endemic to the Nullarbor Plain in southern Australia.
 Stalachtis phlegia is a species of butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in South America.
 The Damara Woolly Bat (Kerivoula argentata) is a nocturnal insectivorous species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family found in Africa. Members of this species typically have reddish brown fur on their back and white fur on their stomach.Its natural habitat is moist savanna although it has also been shown to inhabit woodlands and coastal forests. These bats typically weight approximate 10 g and have both a low aspect ratio aspect ratio as well as low wing loading wing loading.
 Laminella is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae.
 The White-bellied Honeyeater (Phylidonyris notabilis) also known as the New Hebrides Honeyeater is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is endemic to the Melanesian island nation of Vanuatu.
 Eupithecia molybdaena is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western China (Shaanxi).The wingspan is about 17 mm. The fore- and hindwings are pale brown.
 Crinisinus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mohoua is a small genus of three bird species endemic to New Zealand. The scientific name is taken from either mohuahua or momohua - both Māori names for the Yellowhead.
 The southeastern five-lined skink (Plestiodon inexpectatus) is a common skink in the southeastern United States.
 A small genus of finch-like tanagers found in South America Coryphospingus was formerly classified in the family Emberizidae along with the buntings and American sparrows.
 Neothyone is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Paramorpha aulata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Orthospila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Diplomystes nahuelbutaensis is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Chile where it occurs in the Bío-Bío River basin and in the Loncomilla River. It grows to a length of 26.0 centimetres (10.2 in) TL and is a component of local commercial fisheries as well as being a gamefish.
 Tetrathemis denticauda is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Poecilus sericeus is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe). In Europe it is found in Austria Croatia the Czech Republic mainland France Germany Hungary Moldova Poland southern Russia Slovakia mainland Spain Ukraine and Yugoslavia.
 Catephia serapis is a species of moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in eastern Africa in Kenya.
 Pentaceraster is a genus of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae.
 Gymnobela gracilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Panopeus is a genus of crabs containing the following extant species:A similar number of fossil species are also known.
 Phalacra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Pratylenchus mulchandi is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Chatra is a genus of moth in the Lasiocampidae family.
 Melitaea ornata (=Melitaea telona) is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. Its common name is Jerusalem fritillary. The species rank of Melitaea ornata (type location Guberlya Russia) was only very recently recognised in two publications by Russell et al. in 2005 and 2007. The taxonomy of the ’Melitaea phoebe’ group has been revised by Tóth & Varga (2011). According to these results M. telona Fruhstorfer 1908 is conspecific with M. ‘phoebe’ ornata Christoph 1893. Thus M.
 Xenomigia dactyloides is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Ecuador from the Yanayacu Biological Station in the Napo Province south to Sierra Azul in the Huacamayos Range.The length of the forewings is 16-20.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown to blackish brown with orange veins. The hindwings are translucent light grey with an extremely wide darker grey band along the outer margin.
 Anoplogaster brachycera the Shorthorn fangtooth is a species of fangtooth found in the tropical waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans at depths down to 1500 metres (4900 ft).
 The Gulf toadfish (Opsanus beta) is a species of toadfish found in the Gulf of Mexico.
 Scytalopteryx is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Acupalpus cantabricus is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 Dawkinsia exclamatio is a species of cyprinid fish found in Kallada River Kerala India where it occurs in areas with clear water with pebble and rock substrates. This species can reach a length of 8.3 centimetres (3.3 in) SL.
 Phrynobatrachus albomarginatus is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Phyllonorycter ledella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (California).The wingspan is 9-10 mm.The larvae feed on Ledum glandulosum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf sometimes covering the whole leaf area.
 Eurymela is a genus of leafhoppers. There are seven known species and they are found throughout mainland Australia. The two most common species are E. fenestrata and E. distincta. E. fenestrata is the type species. Species of the genus are commonly known as Jassids. They feed on the sap of Eucalypts.
 Gulella foliifera is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Whatcheeriidae was a family of tetrapods which lived in the Mississippian sub-period a subdivision of the Carboniferous period. It contains the genera Pederpes Whatcheeria and possibly Ossinodus. Fossils of a possible whatcheeriid have been found from the Red Hill locality of Pennsylvania.
 Mitra orientalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Giraffokeryx is a fossil medium-sized giraffid known from the Miocene of the Indian subcontinent and Eurasia. It is distinguished from other giraffids by the four ossicones on its head; one pair in front of the eyes on the anterior aspect of the frontal bone and the other behind the eyes in the fronto-parietal region overhanging the temporal fossae.
 Garga is a genus of skippers (butterfly) in the family Hesperiidae.
 Agaronia nebulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Amsacta paolii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1936. It is found in Somalia.
 Margiza is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Evening Jewel (foaled February 26 2007 in California) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse by Northern Afleet out of Jewel of the Night by Giant's Causeway. Northern Afleet is also the sire of 2005 Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes winner Afleet Alex. Evening Jewel was bred by Betty L. Mabee and her son Larry Mabee and is trained by James M.
 Stenocorus cinnamopterus is a species of beetles in the family Cerambycidae. The species are brown coloured with orange legs.
 The Chestnut-headed Nunlet (Nonnula amaurocephala) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Nitobeia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Pitt Shag (Phalacrocorax featherstoni) also known as the Pitt Island Shag or Featherstone's Shag is a species of bird in the Phalacrocoracidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand. Its natural habitats are open seas and rocky shores. It is threatened by habitat loss.This representative of the shags in the Chatham Group was discovered by H.H. Travers in 1871.
 Eleutherodactylus holti is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.
 Paracymoriza taiwanalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Euxoa catenula is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Southern Saskatchewan west to southern Vancouver Island south to Kansas New Mexico Arizona and southern California.The wingspan is 34–37 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September.The larvae feed on Oxytropis Melilotus alba Lupinus Salsola kali and Viola pedatifida.
 Caradrina is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae. It is divided into eight subgenera including Paradrina and Platyperigea which are treated as separate genera by some authors.As of 1989 about 189 described species were included in the genus.
 Micranthaxia rediviva is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Micranthaxia.
 Nesiodostomia montforti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.Nesiodostomia montforti as a replacement name for Odostomia secunda itself a synonym of Eulimella secunda (Pilsbry 1918)
 Janolus is a genus of small to large sea slugs or more accurately nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Proctonotidae.The name Janolus is derived from the two-headed god Janus in ancient Roman mythology. Although these nudibranchs superficially resemble aeolid nudibranchs this genus is in fact in the suborder Arminina.
 Argosirenites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Stygoides tricolor is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Russia and Ukraine.
 The Pine Barrens Zanclognatha or Martha’s Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha martha) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Ohio to Maine south in the mountains to North Carolina and along the Coastal Plain to Texas. The wingspan is about 25 mm. There is one generation in Connecticut and Missouri and two generations in the south.The larvae feed on detritus in dry oak-pitch pine woodlands.
 Aelurillus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Hylephila is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Neoneura carnatica is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Limnoria is a genus of isopods from the family Limnoriidae.
 Mitra lens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Plectroglyphidodon johnstonianus is a damselfish from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14 cm in length.
 Asura umbrifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tibet.
 The Lily Borer Crinum borer or Kew Arches (Brithys crini) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the coastal areas of the Mediterranean south to South Africa. Furthermore it is found in Japan and the Northern Territory and Queensland in Australia.The wingspan of the moth is about 40 mm. Its thorax and fore-wings are very dark brown but paler toward the wingtips. The hind wings are practically white. The ends of the legs bear black and white stripes.
 Anagnorisma chamrani is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It was found in the Binaloud Mountains of the Razavi Khorasan Province in north-eastern Iran in 2012.
 Pseudupeneus is a genus native to the Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean. the Atlantic and eastern Pacific. These fish inhabit mainly the coastal waters of continental shelves but can be found in deep waters as well.
 The Lyre-tailed Honeyguide (Melichneutes robustus) is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family. It is monotypic within the genus Melichneutes.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda.
 Horaiclavus splendida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 Brachyopa is a genus of hoverflies whose grey and brown colouration is unusual for this family and these flies can easily be overlooked amongst members of other fly families. The larvae can be found under the bark of dead branches and trees in decaying sap.
 Hemerodromiinae are a worldwide group of predatory flies with raptorial forelegs.
 Corculum is a genus of small saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae the cockles. They maintain Symbiodinium dinoflagellates as symbionts.
 The masked julie (Julidochromis transcriptus) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in Africa where it is found only along the northwestern shore preferring areas with rocky substrates. They eat zooplankton and benthic invertebrates found in the algae growth in the wild. This species reaches a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL.
 Pteropurpura benderskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Oryctometopia fossulatella is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is known from Costa Rica and Puerto Rico.
 The Sardinian shrew (Nesiotites similis) is an extinct species of shrew from Europe (Sardinia Italy).
 Eilema flammea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1885. It is found in Madagascar.
 Littorina is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles. These small snails live in the tidal zone of rocky shores.
 The Passenger (Dysgonia algira) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe (but primarily in Southern Europe) North Africa and the Near East.The wingspan is 40–46 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Rubus and Willow.
 Galeomorphii is a superorder of cartilaginous fishes which includes all modern sharks except the dogfish and its relatives. They are sometimes called galea or galean sharks. There are about 300 living species in 23 families. Galean sharks are divided into four orders: the Heterodontiformes Orectolobiformes Lamniformes and Carcharhiniformes
 Haplochromis mento is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species can reach a length of 17.8 centimetres (7.0 in) SL.
 Tutufa rubeta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 The Sooty Thicket Fantail (Rhipidura threnothorax) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Subcyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 The Yellow-bellied Chat-Tyrant (Ochthoeca diadema) is a species of bird in the order Passeriformes and the family Tyrannidae. It is 12.2 cms (4.7 inches) in length. It is a chunky bird with a short thin bill. It is mostly olive with an ochre yellow forehead and long yellow eyebrow. It has dusky colored wings and tail with two rufous tail bars. It is mostly found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. It feeds in separated pairs hunting near the ground in foliage.
 Cymbiolacca is a small taxonomic genus of medium-sized predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae the volutes. This genus is often treated as a subgenus of Cymbiola Swainson 1831.
 The mollymawks are a group of medium sized albatrosses that form the genus Thalassarche. The name has sometimes been used for the genus Phoebetria fusca as well but these are usually called sooty albatrosses. They are restricted to the Southern Hemisphere where they are the most common of the albatrosses.
 Caloptilia syrphetias is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Brunei China (Sichuan Fujian Hubei) Hong Kong India Indonesia (Sulawesi) Japan (Honshū Kyūshū the Ryukyu Islands) Malaysia (Pahang) Sri Lanka and Thailand.The wingspan is 13.5-16.5 mm.The larvae feed on Persea thunbergii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The shore skink Oligosoma smithii / Leiolopisma smithii is a species of skink native to the north half of the North Island of New Zealand. The shore skink is always found near the shoreline and prefers open areas such as around driftwood at the high tide mark. It eats insects and probably anything that moves and fits in its mouth. It was named after Lt Alexander Smith who collected the original specimens in the 1840s.
 Davona Dale (1976-1997) is an American Hall of Fame Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by Calumet Farm her sire descends from Nearco and her damsire is Hall of Famer Tim Tam who won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes.
 The bastard sturgeon fringebarbel sturgeon ship sturgeon spiny sturgeon or thorn sturgeon (Acipenser nudiventris) is a species of fish in the Acipenseridae family. Formerly abundant in the Black Aral and Caspian seas its range is now primarily limited to the Ural River (in Russia and Kazakhstan) with a possible relict populations in the Rioni River in Georgia and the Safid Rud in Iran.
 Hypsotropa limbella is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Zeller in 1848. It is found in France Italy Croatia Bosnia and Herzegovina Albania the Republic of Macedonia Greece Bulgaria Romania and Asia Minor.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Campeloma decisum common name the pointed campeloma is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.
 Anomoeotes simulatrix is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Bagheera kiplingi is a species of jumping spider found in Central America including Mexico Costa Rica and Guatemala. It is the type species of the genus Bagheera which includes one other species B. prosper. B. kiplingi is notable for its peculiar diet which uniquely for a spider is mostly herbivorous. No other known spider has such a thoroughly herbivorous diet.
 Aulonocara guentheri is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Oligoryzomys magellanicus also known as the Patagonian colilargo and the Magellanic pygmy rice rat is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in southernmost Argentina and Chile including Tierra del Fuego. Its karyotype has 2n = 54 and FNa = 66.
 Varroa jacobsoni is a species of mite that parasitises Apis cerana (Asian honey bees). The more damaging Varroa destructor was previously included under the name V. jacobsoni but the two species can be separated on the basis of the DNA sequence of the cytochrome oxidase I (COI) gene in the mitochondrial DNA.
 Nemophora ochsenheimerella is a moth of the family Adelidae. It is a transpalaearctic species which is also found in Central Europe.The wingspan is ca. 15 mm. The moth flies in one generation from late April to June.The larvae feed on Abies alba.
 Chrysopoidea is a lacewing superfamily in the suborder Hemerobiiformia.
 The blueside wrasse Cirrhilabrus cyanopleura is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is found on reefs in schools swimming 1 to 2 m (3.3 to 6.6 ft) above the bottom. It occurs at depths from 2 to 30 m (6.6 to 98.4 ft) most often between 5 and 20 m (16 and 66 ft). This species can reach a standard length of 15 cm (5.9 in). It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Helissio (1993 - 2013) was a Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Fairy King and a grandson of Northern Dancer. Owned by the Spanish businessman Enrique Sarasola he was voted the European Horse of the Year for 1996His career highlight was winning the 1996 running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamps by five lengths and earned a Timeform rating of 136.
 The Northern Cloudywing is a species of the Hesperiidae family.
 Aulacodes bipunctalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.It has a wingspan of 23mm.
 Copelatus japonicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1884.
 Jagorina pandora is a rhenanid placoderm of Upper Frasnian Germany and Morocco. As with other rhenanids it was a flattened skate-like fish protected in an armor made up of unfused tubercles and preyed on other smaller fish by ambushing them from the sea bottom.Although J. pandora is known primarily from bone fragments and an intact skull it is the second most studied rhenanid after Gemuendina stuertzi. It is from Jagorina that the details of the skull anatomy of rhenanids are known.
 Sawfishes also known as carpenter sharks are a family (Pristidae) of rays characterized by a long narrow flattened rostrum or nose extension lined with sharp transverse teeth arranged so as to resemble a saw. Several species of sawfishes can grow to about 7 m (23 ft). The family as a whole is largely unknown and little studied.
 Paradoxodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coosa Shiner (Notropis xaenocephalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Scottish Chieftain (foaled February 24 1894) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who is the only horse bred in the state of Montana to ever win the Belmont Stakes an American Classic Race.Owned and bred by Marcus Daly one of the wealthy Montana Copper Kings Scottish Chieftain was trained by Matt Byrnes and ridden by jockey J. Scherrer when he won the 1897 Belmont Stakes.
 Stegastes uenfi is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the tropical West Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of about 3 m (10 ft). It is known only from the coast of Brazil.
 Kohniconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conilithidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus was named in honor of Alan J. Kohn the cone shell authority. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by WoRMS as a member of the family Conidae and as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Buforania is a genus of spur-throated grasshoppers known from Australia.
 The Sooty Orange Tip (Zegris eupheme) is an old world Pieridae butterfly that has a range that extends through southern Europe northern Africa and the Middle-East. Global warming currently seems to be extending its range to the north. The habitat consists of open flowery grasslands amongst hills.The wingspan is 46–50 mm (1.8–2.0 in). Adults have yellow undersides and a patch of orange. They have distinctive grey-black forewing tips.
 Tolpia palawani is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Palawan in the Philippines.The wingspan is 11-13 mm. The hindwing is brown and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Raoulostraca inexpectata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Hellinsia carphodactoides is a species of moth in the genus Hellinsia known from Papua New Guinea. Moths in this species take flight in November and have a wingspan of approximately 15 millimetres. The specific name carphodactoides refers to the species' similarity to its sister taxon Hellinsia carphodactyla.
 Herichthys labridens also known as the curve-bar cichlid is a species of cichlid endemic to the Laguna Media Luna and headwaters of the Río Verde in the state of San Luis Potosí between 1000 and 1100 meters above sea level in the Panuco River basin of Mexico. It reaches a maximum size of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) TL. It has been listed as endangered by the IUCN Red List.
 Bactridium is a genus of beetles in the family Monotomidae containing the following species: Bactridium adustus (Reitter 1872) Bactridium angulicollis (Reitter 1872) Bactridium angustum Sharp 1900 Bactridium atratum Reitter 1876 Bactridium brevicolle Reitter 1876 Bactridium californicum Fall 1917 Bactridium cephalotes (Pascoe 1863) Bactridium convexulum Casey 1916 Bactridium cubense (Chevrolat 1863) Bactridium curtipenne Casey 1916 Bactridium divisum Sharp 1900 Bactridium ephippiger (Guérin-Méneville 1837) Bactridium erythropterus (Melsheimer 1846) Bactridium exiguum Grouvelle & Raffray 1908 Bactridium flohri Sharp 1900 Bactridium fryi Horn 1879 Bactridium germanum Sharp 1900 Bactridium heydeni (Reitter 1872) Bactridium hudsoni Casey 1916 Bactridium humile Grouvelle 1906 Bactridium insularis Van Dyke 1953 Bactridium nanus (Erichson 1843) Bactridium obscurum Casey 1916 Bactridium orientalis (Reitter 1872) Bactridium parvum Grouvelle 1906 Bactridium quadricollis (Reitter 1872) Bactridium rude Sharp 1900 Bactridium striolatus (Reitter 1872)↑
 The Sumba Flycatcher (Ficedula harterti) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Prodentobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 The Yellow-spotted Jezebel (Delias nysa) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales Queensland and Victoria) New Caledonia and Vanuatu.The wingspan is 50 mm.The larvae feed on Mistletoe species including Amyema gaudichaudii Korthalsella japonica Korthalsella breviarticulata and Korthalsella rubra.
 Selenodes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Pethia narayani the Narayan barb is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India where it is found in clear hill streams in the Western Ghats. This species can reach a length of 7.8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Xysticus croceus is a crab spider in the Xysticus genus found in Nepal Bhutan China Korea Taiwan and in Japan where it is called yami-iro kani-gumo. It is about 7 mm long It looks in grass and fallen leaves for prey to eat. It hides under stones in the winter and is often seen in spring and early summer.
 The Black-throated Thrush (Turdus atrogularis) is a passerine bird in the thrush family. It is sometimes regarded as one subspecies of a polytypic species Dark-throated Thrush Red-throated Thrush then being the other subspecies.More recent treatments regard the two as separate species.The Black-throated Thrush is a migratory Asian species. Its range overlaps with the more easterly-breeding Red-throated Thrush.
 Actinocyclus verrucosus is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae.
 The Calosoma sycophanta or forest caterpillar hunter is a large bright green metallic ground beetle that is native to Europe. In 1905 it was imported to New England for control of the gypsy moth. The species is a voracious consumer of caterpillars during both its larval stage and as an adult.As a predator the species has been researched for the effect of its predation upon the caterpillars with microsporidian pathogens finding a preference for Vairimorpha disparis infected larva.
 Greya suffusca is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in the Sierra Nevada near Sequoia National Park in California. The habitat consists of oak and mixed oak-conifer forest.The wingspan is 12.5-20 mm. The forewings are brown irrorated with white scales. Female are usually darker and more patterned. The hindwings are uniformly grey.The larvae feed on Osmorhiza brachypoda. Young larvae feed on the developing seeds of their host plant.
 Plectrohyla bistincta is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Progiraffa is an extinct genus of giraffidae. It was first named by Pilgrim in 1908.
 Heterodera sacchari (Sugarcane cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode and also an invasive species.
 Ramanella nagaoi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Sri Lanka.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Chloroselas tamaniba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sudan.
 Mordella flavopunctata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1833.
 Barbus alluaudi is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Uganda.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 The Tetrarch (1911–1935) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He was undefeated in a racing career of seven starts and has been regarded as the best British-trained two-year-old of the 20th century. He did not race after 1913 and was retired to stud where he became an influential sire.
 Archaeornithoides is a genus of maniraptoriform theropod dinosaur of the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia.
 Teulisna perdentata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in south-western China and Malacca.
 Ctenuchidia virgo is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Jamaica Cuba and Puerto Rico.
 Aulonocara brevirostre is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater lakes.
 Katha conformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India Thailand and China (Shanxi Zhejiang Fujian Jiangxi Hunan Guangxi Sichuan Guizhou Hubei Yunnan and Guangdong).
 Neomicropteryx kiwana is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Hashimoto in 2006 and is known from Japan.The length of the forewings is 5.3–5.8 millimetres (0.21–0.23 in) for males and 5.3–5.5 millimetres (0.21–0.22 in) for females.
 Coleophora kruegeri is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Labeo annectens is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. It is native to central Africa where it occurs in several river basins including the Congo River basin.This fish is known to reach a maximum length of 48.5 centimeters. It has a long rounded snout with a fleshy appendix at the end.This species is a food fish. It is widespread and not considered threatened.
 Hyposmocoma scandens is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kona where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Arcestidae is an extinct family of ammonite cephalopods.Fossils of Arcestidae are found in the Triassic marine strata throughout the world including Austria Canada Georgia Hungary Indonesia Iran Israel Mexico Nepal New Zealand Oman Papua New Guinea Romania Russia Slovenia Turkey Ukraine United States.
 Mallinella fulvipes is a species of spider in the family Zodariidae.
 Nemacheilus sp. nov. is a species of ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.It is found only in Israel.Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Sinuber sculptum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Belalora is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pyrenaearia cotiellae is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 Xandarovula xanthochila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Garra bicornuta the Tunga Garra is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Jackson's Swallowtail (Papilio jacksoni) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Africa.The female adults mimic Amauris echeria and relativesThe larvae feed on Clausena Toddalia and Clausena anisata.
 Nassarius denticulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Helcogramma serendip is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Holleman in 2007.
 Baritius drucei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Venezuela.
 The Plakobranchacea are a taxonomic family of sea slugs marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sacoglossa.
 Callionymus afilum the Northern Australian longtail dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean around Papua New Guinea and Australia.
 Metynnis lippincottianus commonly known as the spotted silver dollar is a species of serrasalmid native to the Brazilian Amazon and multiple rivers of French Guiana. An average M. lippincottianus can grow to a length of 13 cm.
 Eupleura caudata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pseudoclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Coleophora persana is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Astroscopus countermani is an extinct species of stargazer described from a cranium found in Tortonian deposits of the Calvert Cliffs of what is now Maryland. A. countermani is very similar to its living relatives.
 The Definite Tussock Moth or Definite-marked Tussock Moth (Orgyia definita) is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found from Maine and southern Quebec to South Carolina Mississippi Louisiana and New England also found in Minnesota.The wingspan is about 30 mm for males. Adult males are brown with a darker pattern and some white markings while females are wingless.The larvae feed on Salix Quercus Tilia Ulmus Betula Acer rubrum and Hamamelis virginiana.
 Cryptotriton or Hidden Salamanders is a genus of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to Mexico Honduras and Guatemala.
 Stenoptilia gratiolae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Jordan Russia (European part Siberia Caucasus) Ukraine (Crimea) Bulgaria Romania Hungary Serbia Austria Slovakia Croatia Italy France Belgium Germany Poland Sweden and Norway.The wingspan is 19–22 mm.The larvae feed on Gratiola officinalis.
 The Ruanda mole rat (Tachyoryctes ruandae) is a species of rodents in the Spalacidae family found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Mesothen endoleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Flabellobasis montana is a species of snout moth. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from South Africa.
 The Variegated Rajah (Charaxes kahruba) is a butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Rajahs and Nawabs group that is the Charaxinae group of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 The Saint Helena Cuckoo (Nannococcyx psix) is an extinct bird. It was confirmed to have previously existed by a single humerus. Compared to other cuckoos it was relatively small and it probably lived in forests on the island of Saint Helena. Its extinction was a result of deforestation on the island in the 18th century.
 Chrysallida subtantilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Phricta is a genus of insect in the family Tettigoniidae confined to rainforests of eastern Australia. It contains the following species: Phricta aberrans Phricta spinosa Phricta tortuwallina Phricta zwicka
 Ampittia virgata is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1890. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Dichotomius is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Mongolicosa glupovi is a species of wolf spider found in the Russian republics of Altai Khakassia and Tuva.This is a dark-coloured spider up to 9.2 mm in length. The male is darker than the female with the tibia and tarsus paler than the rest of the leg. In females it is the coxa and patella which are slightly paler. (See arthropod leg#Chelicerata for details).
 The fulgorid insect Fulgora laternaria (often misspelled lanternaria) is a planthopper known by a large variety of common names including lantern fly peanut bug peanut-headed lanternfly alligator bug machaca chicharra-machacuy cocoposa (in Spain) and jequitiranaboia (in the Amazon region and elsewhere in Brazil).
 Glyptopomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Hypsopygia rudis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Moore in 1888. It is found in Taiwan and India.
 The New Zealand sea lion (Phocarctos hookeri) also known as Hooker's sea lion or whakahao in Māori is a species of sea lion that primarily breeds on New Zealand's Sub-Antarctic Auckland and Campbell Islands and to some extent around the coast of New Zealand's South and Stewart Islands.The New Zealand sea lion is probably the world's rarest sea lion and numbers around 10000.On the Auckland Islands there are three functioning rookeries. Most sea lions are born on Dundas Island.
 Cosmopterix himalia is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Distrito Federal).Adults have been recorded in May.
 The Abyssal cutthroat eel (Meadia abyssalis) is an eel in the family Synaphobranchidae (cutthroat eels). It was described by Toshiji Kamohara in 1938. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Indo-Pacific including Brazil the Hancock Seamount the Hawaiian and Society islands Japan Mauritius and Réunion. It is found off the continental slope and dwells at a depth range of 100-329 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 73 centimetres.
 Mojaviodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Calodesma dioptis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Brazil French Guyana and Bolivia.
 Simyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Conus aulicus common name the princely cone is a species of a predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails cone shells or cones.
 Pentila amenaida is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Micronelima brevipes is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Opsithrissops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Thanetian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
 Kampimodromus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 The Pompadour Cotinga (Xipholena punicea) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family the cotingas. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Bucculatrix citima is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Seksjaeva in 1989. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorsky Krai) and Japan (Hokkaido Honshu).The wingspan is 6-7 mm. The forewings are white with some dark red brown irrorations. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Rhamnus davurica and Rhamnus japonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The young larvae form a spiral linear mine.
 Bicyclus ephorus the Common Blue-banded Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to fermented fruit.The larvae feed on Trachyphrynium species.
 Colostethus lacrimosus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Agrotis boetica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in all eremic parts of North Africa and southern Spain east to Israel.Adults are on wing from October to November. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Lithospermum Echinops and Astragalus species.
 Partula martensiana is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Ptilinopinae is a subfamily of birds from the Columbidae family.
 The Blue-and-black Tanager (Tangara vassorii) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Comitas kaderlyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Turkey Vulture (Cathartes aura) also known in some North American regions as the turkey buzzard (or just buzzard) and in some areas of the Caribbean as the John crow or carrion crow is the most widespread of the New World vultures. One of three species in the genus Cathartes in the family Cathartidae the Turkey Vulture ranges from southern Canada to the southernmost tip of South America.
 Molgulidae is a family of tunicates in the class Ascidiacea. Following a revision in 2007 the family Hexacrobylidae was synonymized with Molgulidae.
 Phaegoptera fusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Travassos in 1955. It is found in Brazil.
 Loxostege deliblatica is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found from Europe (Italy Austria the Czech Republic Hungary Croatia Hungary Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece and Russia) through Turkey and Central Asia (including Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan) to China.The wingspan is about 23 mm. Adults have light yellow forewings and whitish hindwings.
 Icteralaria idiochroma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Eiao Monarch (Pomarea fluxa) is an extinct species of bird in the Monarchidae family. The species is sometimes considered to have been conspecific with the Iphis Monarch. It was endemic to French Polynesia. Its natural habitats were subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland. It became extinct due to habitat loss. It was last seen in 1977.
 Guttipelopia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Haliotis fatui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.
 Bombus jonellus is a species of bumblebee that bears the common name heath humble-bee or small heath bumblebee. It is widely distributed in Europe and northern Asia as well as northern North America.
 Hyposmocoma suffusa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kilauea.
 Wuttagoonaspidae is a family of primitive arthrodire placoderms from Early Devonian China and Middle Devonian Australia.
 Mylothris leonora is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Tanzania (Uluguru Mountains). The habitat consists of montane forests and forest-grassland mosaic.
 Zalasius is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Zalasius australis (Baker 1906) Zalasius dromiaeformis (De Haan 1839) Zalasius horii Miyake 1940 Zalasius imajimai Takeda & Miyake 1969 Zalasius indicus Sankarankutty 1968 Zalasius sakaii Balss 1938↑
 Hypogrammodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Orange-breasted Sunbird (Anthobaphes violacea) is the only member of the bird genus Anthobaphes however it is sometimes placed in the genus Nectarinia. This sunbird is endemic to the fynbos habitat of southwestern South Africa.
 The Forbes's Forest Rail or Forbes's Forest Crake (Rallina forbesi) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ceridia mira is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from dry bush in eastern and northern Kenya.The length of the forewings is 19–21 mm for males and 22–24 mm for females. It is very similar to Ceridia heuglini but the antennae are strongly pectinated the forewings are shorter and broader and the ground colour is more brownish (not so pink).
 Hirasea mirabilis is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.This is an endangered species.
 Disparctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.
 The Green-brindled Dot (Valeria oleagina) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern Europe and Western Asia east up to Iran and Ukraine. In Germany it is found up to the Eifel and Ahr.The wingspan is 34–38 mm. Adults are on wing from March to April depending on the location.The larvae feed on the leaves of Prunus spinosa north of the Alps. In the South they feed on Prunus and Crataegus species.
 The Bilingual Frog (Crinia bilingua) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are moist savanna intermittent rivers and swamps.
 Corula is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Epischura is a genus of copepods in the family Temoridae containing the following species:Epischura baikalensis G. O. Sars 1900Epischura chankensis Rylov 1928Epischura fluviatilis Herrick 1883Epischura lacustris S. A. Forbes 1882Epischura massachusettsensis Pearse 1906Epischura nevadensis Lilljeborg 1889Epischura nordenskioldi Lilljeborg 1889Epischura smirnovi Borutsky 1961Epischura udylensis Borutsky 1947Epischura vagans (Pickering 1844)↑
 Greenhead Shiner (Notropis chlorocephalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Unzela japix is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico to Amazonia. There are also records from Surinam and north-western and south-eastern Venezuela.The wingspan is 44 mm. There are probably two to three generations per year with adults recorded from May to June August to September and from December to January.The larvae possibly feed on Vitaceae and Dilleniaceae species. It has also been recorded from Pinzona coriacea and Tetracera volubilis.
 The mojarras are a family Gerreidae of fishes in the order Perciformes.Mojarras are a common prey and bait fish in many parts of the Caribbean including the South American coast and Caribbean islands. These species tend to be difficult to identify in the field and often require microscopic examination. Most species exhibit a schooling behavior and tend to exploit the shallow water refugia associated with coastal areas presumably to avoid large-bodied predators such as the lemon shark.
 The Cabbage Looper (Trichoplusia ni) is a member of the moth family Noctuidae. It is found throughout the southern Palaearctic ecozone all of North America parts of Africa and most of the Oriental parts of Europe and Indo-Australian region. In the United Kingdom where the adult is primarily a (sometimes numerous) immigrant but breeding is rare the species is also known as the Ni Moth.
 Acrocercops loxias is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Rajasthan) and Madagascar.The larvae feed on Cleistocalyx operculatus Eugenia cumini and Eugenia jambolana. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Sad Underwing (Catocala maestosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New York south to Florida and Alabama west to Texas and eastern Oklahoma and north to Illinois Indiana and Minnesota.The wingspan is 78-98 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Carya aquatica Carya illinoinensis and Juglans nigra.
 Thorius arboreus is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss. It is the smallest species of all salamanders.
 The Cape Verde weever Trachinus pellegrini is a fish of the Trachinidae family Perciformes order and Actinopterygii class. Widespread in the Eastern Atlantic along the coasts of Senegal to Nigeria including the Canary Islands and Cape Verde also reported from Mauritania. Marine tropical demersal fish up to 20 cm length.
 Naarda symethusalis is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 Allotrioceras is a tubular fossil from the Middle Ordovician of the state of New York collected by Rousseau H. Flower; included by him in the Endocerida and placed in a new family the Allotrioceratidae. Allotrioceras is characterized by a lateral pair of subequal conical structures resembling the endocones of endocerids separated by a straight partition that extends more than half way across from either the dorsal or ventral side as perceived and runs along the length.
 Thala simulans is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Glaphyromorphus is a genus of the Skink family (Scincidae).
 The New Zealand grayling Prototroctes oxyrhynchus is an extinct smelt of the genus Prototroctes which was found only in lowland rivers and streams of New Zealand. They were an amphidromous species—spawning in freshwater streams and developing to maturity in saltwater. Their length was between 20 and 40 cm.Though abundant through the early colonial period by the 1860s their population began to decline. The last known specimen was caught in the late 1920s to early 1930s.
 Ristella is a genus of skinks endemic to southern India which are commonly known as cat skinks because of their retractile claws.
 Heterodera filipjevi is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Cochylimorpha perturbatana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Xinjiang) and Russia.The wingspan is 20-27 mm. Adults have been recorded from wing from July to August.
 Pyrgomantis singularis is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya Natal Tanzania and the Transvaal.
 Triplophysa xiangshuingensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 The White Dart or Common Dart (Andronymus caesar) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in tropical Africa. The habitat consists of forests moist savanna and riverine bush from sea level to altitudes of 1500 metres.The wingspan is 38–44 mm. Adults are on wing year round but mainly from November to April in South Africa.The larvae feed on Macrolobium Blighia (including Blighia unijugata) Deinbollia and Phialodiscus species.
 Heterogena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Susana’s forest tree frog Leptopelis susanae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Ethiopia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scopula subcarnea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 Acrolophus ochracea is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in the West Indies.
 Acanthogammaridae is a family of amphipod crustaceans endemic to Lake Baikal. It contains the following subfamilies and genera:
 Streptocephalus dendyi is a species of crustacean in the family Streptocephalidae. It is endemic to South Africa.
 Alcides porosus is a species of beetle belonging to the true weevil family. It is found in Indonesia.
 Cetotheriophanes is an extinct rorqual from the late Pliocene (Piacenzian) of northern Italy.
 The Dominican caribbean toad or hispaniolan crestless toad (Bufo fluviaticus) is a species of toad endemic to the Dominican Republic. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to a restricted range caused by habitat loss. The species has not been seen since it was discovered three decades ago.
 Carpiscula procera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Afrosataspes is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Afrosataspes galleyi which is known from the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.It is a mimic of Xylocopa carpenter bees. Adults are black with the exception of the white anterior margin of the hindwing upperside. It is most similar to Sataspes ribbei but has a truncate forewing apex. The antennae are short.
 Depressaria discipunctella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Great Britain the Netherlands Belgium Germany France Spain Portugal Italy Slovakia Ukraine Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.The wingspan is 21–25 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on Heracleum sphondylium Pastinaca sativa Angelica sylvestris and Ferula species. They feed from within spun together flowers and seedsheads of their host plant.
 Eopsaltria is a genus of small forest passerines known in Australia as the Yellow Robins. They belong to the Australasian Robin family Petroicidae. The name is derived from the Ancient Greek for dawn singer/song because of their dawn chorus. They are inquisitive and bold birds and have been reported perching on the shoulders or boots of people in the bush. Open eucalyptus woodlands are their preferred habitat.
 Apyrrothrix is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Aspistomella lobioptera is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Aspistomella of the family Ulidiidae.
 Athis delecta is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Mexico (Veracruz).
 Ptilopsaltis is a genus of moths in the Acrolophidae family.
 The Chiapas catfish Lacantunia enigmatica is an unusual species of catfish (order Siluriformes) newly described in 2005 from the Lacantún River in the Mexican state of Chiapas. While discovery of an undescribed species of catfish is not uncommon discovery of a new family-level taxon of any vertebrate group is a rare event. The Chiapas catfish mainly feeds on crabs prawns small fish and large tough plant seeds.
 Emmalocera phaeoneura is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Eleutherochir is a genus of dragonets native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Centruroides chamulaensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 Mordella luteosignata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Helcystogramma amethystium is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1906. It is known from India and Sri Lanka.
 The jack-knifefish or spotted drum (Equetus lanceolatus) is a small fish typically between 6 and 9 inches that can occasionally be found on coral reefs in the middle western Atlantic Ocean in the Caribbean the Gulf of Mexico Florida and the Bahamas.[citation needed]
 Curveulima titahica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Curveulima.
 Grandicrepidula grandis common name : the giant slipper limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails or slipper limpets cup-and-saucer snails and Chinese hat snails.
 The Lendu Plateau Clawed Frog (Xenopus lenduensis) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family. It is endemic to the Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Bucculatrix latella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California and Arizona.The wingspan is 9.5-12 mm. The forewings are white with scattered minute brown-tipped pale ocherous scales. The hindwings are white or whitish ocherous.
 Bates's Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone batesi) is a passerine bird belonging to the genus Terpsiphone in the monarch-flycatcher family Monarchidae. It is native to Central Africa. It is was formerly included in the Rufous-vented Paradise Flycatcher (T. rufocinerea) but is now often regarded as a separate species.
 Pardosa pseudostrigillata is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Austria Italy and Slovenia.
 Harpides is an extinct genus of trilobite.
 Eupithecia abdera is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Pheia haematosticta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by D. Jones in 1908. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Barrosasaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur first described by paleontologists Leonardo Salgado and Rodolfo Coria in 2009. The fossils consisting of three fossil dorsal (back) vertebrae are well-preserved but incomplete. They were discovered in the Anacleto Formation of the Neuquén province of western Argentina. The type species is Barrosasaurus casamiquelai. The specific epithet honours the Argentinian paleontologist Rodolfo Magín Casamiquela.
 Chaenodraco wilsoni the Spiny Icefish is a species of crocodile icefish native to the Southern Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 200 to 800 metres (660 to 2620 ft). This species grows to a length of 43 centimetres (17 in) TL. It is of minor importance to commercial fisheries. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Rhacophorus tuberculatus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in China and India and possibly Myanmar and Nepal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Emmelina argoteles is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in southern and central Europe through Russia to India China Korea and Japan. It was discovered in Great Britain in 2005.The wingspan is about 17 mm.The larvae feed on Calystegia sepium Calystegia sodanella Calystegia japonica Convolvulus species and Ipomoea batatas.
 Bostryx granulatus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.
 Calotrophon turritus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ceromitia aphroneura is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from Mozambique.
 The Broad Spark (Sinthusa chandrana) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Phenacobrycon henni is a species of characin endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Vinces River basin. It is the only member of its genus.
 Chrysallida sigmoidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Colloniidae is a family of small sea snails with calcareous opercula marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.
 Boophis rufioculis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euxesta minor is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Helicopsis striata is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.Helicopsis striata is the type species of the genus Helicopsis.
 The Mission Blue (Aricia icarioides missionensis) is a blue or lycaenid butterfly subspecies native to the San Francisco Bay Area of the United States. The butterfly has been declared as endangered by the US Federal Government. It is a subspecies of Boisduval's Blue (Aricia icarioides).
 Pareboda is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Persicula canaryensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Arnoldius scissor is a species of ant apart of the Arnoldius genus which is only one of the three species described in it. Native to Australia it was described by Crawley in 1922.
 Zaglossus robustus is an extinct species of long-beaked echidna known from the middle Miocene (about 13 or 14 million years ago) of Gulgong New South Wales Australia. It may belong in the genus Megalibgwilia. The supposed fossil platypus Ornithorhynchus maximus was based on a humerus of this species.
 The dusky catshark Bythaelurus canescens is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found from Peru and Chile to the Straits of Magellan.
 The scissortail rasbora is the common name for a number of species freshwater aquarium fish that belongs to the rasbora family. They move their fins like scissors when they swim hence the name. They are easy to manage and require a tank 20 gallons or more in size.
 Izatha florida is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is known from north-west Nelson.The wingspan is 14.5–20 mm for males. Adults have been recorded in November and December.
 The Philippine pangolin or Palawan pangolin also known as the malintong (Manis culionensis) is a pangolin species endemic to the Palawan province of the Philippines. Its habitat includes primary and secondary forests as well as surrounding grasslands. This species is moderately common within its limited range but is at risk due to heavy hunting.
 The Okinawa Woodpecker (Sapheopipo noguchii) (ノグチゲラ Noguchigera) is a woodpecker endemic to the island of Okinawa in Japan. It is the only member of the genus Sapheopipo.Other common names for this species are Noguchi's Woodpecker Okinawan Woodpecker Pryer's Woodpecker and Ryu Kyu Woodpecker.This is a medium-sized (31 cm) dark woodpecker. It is dark brown in color with red-tipped feathers. It has white spots on the primaries.
 Buccinum frustulatum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Lythrypnus dalli the Blue-banded goby is a species of goby native to the eastern Pacific from the Gulf of California Mexico to Ecuador and northern Peru. It can be found in coastal waters at depths of from 0 to 76 metres (0 to 249 ft) with rocky substrates in which there are crevices for concealment. It is also known to hide amongst the spines of sea urchins. This species can reach a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Locust Underwing (Euparthenos nubilis) is a noctuoid moth the only member of its genus Euparthenos. It resembles some of the underwing moths of genus Catocala which are fairly close relatives in color pattern and the habit of resting on tree trunks. But E. nubilis can usually be immediately recognized by the 4 concentric black bands per hindwing as opposed to one or two (at most 3) in Catocala. Color morphs of E.
 Diplonychus rusticus is an insect endemic in the Philippines commonly known as Water bug. This insect lives in shallow waters and feed on aquatic insects including mosquito larvae. In a study conducted by Dr. Pio Javier of the University of the Philippines in Los Baños Laguna Philippines water bugs could be an effective biological control agent for dengue-carrying mosquitoes.
 Euphaedra eleus the Eleus Orange Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of primary forests and secondary forests with a closed canopy.Adults mimic the day-flying moth Aletis helcita.The larvae feed on Phialodiscus unijugatus Deinbollia Allophylus and Paullinia species.
 The long-toed skink Oligosoma longipes is a species of skink of the family Scincidae endemic to New Zealand. It was first described by Geoff Patterson in 1997. It is only known from a few sites in the South Island of New Zealand and little is known of its habits. It seems to prefer dry rocky habitats usually eroding stream terraces or scree slopes. It is diurnal and heliothermic. Maximum snout-vent length is about 70 mm.
 The White-Tailed Emerald (Elvira chionura) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. With a weight under 3 grams this is one of the smallest birds in existence.
 Chulpasia is an extinct genus of Eocene marsupial related to today's shrew opossums. It was a small animal about 20 cm long with an omnivorous diet. Its diet probably included seeds small fruits and insects. It was found in Argentina as well as at the Murgon fossil site in Australia and its presence on both continents suggests that there was a land bridge between them.
 Rivetina asiatica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Bematistes pseuderyta is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan and western Uganda.
 Synanthedon soffneri is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in France Germany Switzerland Austria Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Slovenia Finland and Russia.The wingspan is 22–23 mm.The larvae feed on Lonicera species including Lonicera nigra Lonicera xylosteum and Lonicera tatarica.
 Elaphrus riparius is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic and the Near East.
 Pseudopostega beckeri is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from the states of Goias Minas Gerais and Parana in south-central Brazil.The length of the forewings is 3.7–4.4 mm. Adults have been recorded in November.
 The Red-billed Tropicbird Phaethon aethereus also known as the Boatswain Bird is a tropicbird one of three closely related seabirds of tropical oceans.
 Dysschema perplexum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.It is a highly dimorphic species. Males are semitransluscent white with transverse fasciae and veins heavily marked with dark grey. The forewings of the females are black crossed by two transverse oblique white bands. They have orange hindwings resembling Chetone species.
 Stemorrhages sericea the Large emerald pearl is a moth of the subfamily of Spilomelinae within the Crambidae family. It lives throughout Africa south of the Sahara and the Indian Ocean islands of Réunion Madagascar Mauritius and the Comoros.Adults are pale turquoise with a brown stripe at the front edge of the wings.
 Leptostylus bruesi is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Fisher in 1942 and is known from Jamaica.
 The Togian White-eye (Zosterops somadikartai) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is found in the Togian Islands of Indonesia where it is endemic. The species was first spotted by University of Indonesia researcher Mochamad Indrawan and his colleague Sunarto in 1997 and formally described in 2008. The species is named after Soekarja Somadikarta a prominent Indonesian ornithologist.
 Pectenodoris aurora is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Nannoceryx is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Nannoceryx myiella which is found on Java.
 Eupithecia rusicadaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Algeria.
 Cychrus davidis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Fairmaire in 1886.
 Prolistrophorus bakeri is a parasitic mite in the genus Prolistrophorus. Together with the Argentine P. hirstianus it forms the subgenus Beprolistrophorus. P. bakeri has been found on the hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) and cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus) in Georgia South Carolina Texas and Florida and on Oryzomys couesi in Colima. It was formerly placed in the genus Listrophorus.
 Velindomimus fasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Velindomimus.
 Chlorida costata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1834. It is known from southeastern Brazil Paraguay Argentina and Uruguay.
 The Helan Shan pika or silver pika (Ochotona argentata) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae. It is endemic to China where it is found in a small region of the Helan Mountains. It is listed as Critically Endangered in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.OR naw
 Bembicium is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The Black-throated Jay (Cyanolyca pumilo) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is found in El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Copamyntis spodoptila is a species of snout moths in the genus Copamyntis. It is found in Australia.
 Lirosceles is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
 The South China catshark Apristurus sinensis is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae known only from the holotype which was taken from the South China Sea at a depth of 537 m. Its length is 42 cm but this was an immature specimen. Its reproduction is oviparous.
 Orthotylus rubidus is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in European countries such as Austria Bulgaria France Germany Great Britain Greece Moldova Romania Slovenia the Netherlands Ukraine and northwest Russia. It is small red and feeds on Salicornia in saline environments.
 The Marsh Widowbird (Euplectes hartlaubi) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Kenya Nigeria Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.
 Latia lateralis is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Latiidae.
 Ringicella is a genus of tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Odontostomidae.Adult snails of this genus have an extremely unusual shell morphology very similar to that found in the genus Anostoma Fischer von Waldheim 1807 of which this genus was previously considered to be merely a subgenus.The adult snails in this genus carry their shells upside down with the spire or apex at the bottom and the umbilicus at the top.
 Hypsopygia violaceomarginalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Caradja in 1935. It is found in China.
 Kessleria burmanni is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Switzerland Austria and Slovenia.The length of the forewings is 7-8.4 mm for males and 4.5-6.5 mm for females. The forewings are grey to brown with white scales. The hindwings are dark greyish brown. Adults are on wing from the beginning of July to the end of August.The larvae feed on Saxifraga caesia Saxifraga oppositifolia and possibly Saxifraga hiflora macropetala.
 Pipra is a genus of bird in the Pipridae family. It contains the following species: Crimson-hooded Manakin Pipra aureola Band-tailed Manakin Pipra fasciicauda Wire-tailed Manakin Pipra filicauda
 Phrynobatrachus anotis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna.
 The Great Basin spadefoot (Spea intermontana) is a species of toad in the Scaphiopodidae family. It is 3.8 to 6.3 cm long and is usually colored gray olive or brown. Great Basin spadefoot toads have adapted to life in dry habitats. They use the hard keratinized spade on each foot to dig a burrow where they spend long periods during cold and dry weather. They are opportunistic hunters and will eat anything they can subdue.
 Anopinella rigidana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 10.2 mm.
 Allodemus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Allodemus centromaculatus Zajciw 1968 Allodemus tricolor (Perty 1832)↑
 Enneapterygius atrogulare is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. Although it is known as the Blackthroat triplefin in the United Kingdom it is also known as the Ring-scale triplefin Black triplefin Eastern White-barred Threefin Ringed triplefin Eastern Australian blackhead triplefin or the Saddled triplefin in Australia. It is a subtropical non-migratory blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific Ocean around Australia and Tonga.
 Warble fly is a name given to the genus Hypoderma large flies which are parasitic on cattle and deer. Other names include heel flies bomb flies and gad flies while their larvae are often called cattle grubs or wolves. Common species of warble fly include Hypoderma bovis and Hypoderma lineatum (cattle) and Hypoderma tarandi (reindeer).
 The Ward's Flycatcher (Pseudobias wardi) also known as Ward's Flycatcher-vanga is a species of bird in the Vangidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Pseudobias.[citation needed] It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the English naturalist Christopher Ward. Ward collected the type specimen of this flycatcher.
 The Hudsonian Whiteface (Leucorrhinia hudsonica) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. Its common name comes from where it is found Hudson Bay.
 Coleophora albotitae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Turkey.
 Cychrus businskyorum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura in 2000.
 Amerila phaedra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Weymer in 1892. It is found in Kenya Mozambique Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
 The recovery pearly mussel or winged spike scientific name Elliptio nigella was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 Bokermannohyla ahenea is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Lithobates brownorum is a species of aquatic frog native to southern Veracruz and northeastern Oaxaca east through the Yucatan Peninsula and the uplands of Chiapas to Nicaragua
 Barbasphecia ares is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Ghana.
 Notharctinae is an extinct subfamily of primates that were common in North America during the early and middle Eocene (55-34 million years ago). The six genera that make up the group (Cantius Pelycodus Copelemur Hesperolemur Notharctus and Smilodectes) contain species that are among the most primitive of the adapiform group which is one of the most primitive groups of primates.
 Apeomyoides savagei is a fossil rodent from the Miocene of the United States the only species in the genus Apeomyoides. It is known from fragmentary jaws and isolated teeth from a site in the early Barstovian around 15–16 million years ago of Nevada. Together with other species from scattered localities in the United States Japan and Europe Apeomyoides is classified in the subfamily Apeomyinae of the extinct rodent family Eomyidae.
 Eutrichillus is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 The Super VC-10 Hap (Placidochromis milomo) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi along the Malawian shores of the lake. It prefers areas with rocky substrates. This species can reach a length of 18.7 centimetres (7.4 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.It is an extremely thick-lipped species; its specific epithet milomo is the word for lips in the Chewa language.
 The Ragweed Flower (Schinia rivulosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Quebec to Florida west to Arizona north to Oregon and North Dakota. There is one generation per year.The wingspan is 25–31 mm. The moth flies from July to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Ambrosia species.
 Niphostola is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Cimitra are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Kuiterichthys is a genus of frogfishes endemic to the coastal waters of Australia.
 Chrysolina sturmi is a green beetle of the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Europe and Western Asia.The beetle grown to 6–10 millimetres (0.24–0.39 in) in length.They feed on Glechoma hederacea Galium and Cirsium.
 Entimus is a genus of broad-nosed weevils belonging to the family true weevil Entiminae subfamily.
 Hoplolatilus starcki Stark's tilefish is a species of tilefish native to the western Pacific. It is found on the outer slopes of reefs at depths of from 20 to 105 metres (66 to 344 ft) though it is rarer deeper than 50 metres (160 ft). This species can reach a length of 15.5 centimetres (6.1 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Colophon thunbergi is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae. It is endemic to South Africa.
 The roughnose stingray Pastinachus solocirostris is a little-known species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae generally found in shallow estuarine waters associated with mangroves off Borneo Sumatra and possibly Java. Growing to 72 cm (28 in) across this species has a rhomboid pectoral fin disc and a whip-like tail with a ventral fin fold. It is characterized by its pointed snout which is covered by dermal denticles.
 The Blue Duke Bassarona durga is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Himalayas.
 Bolcanguilla is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the middle division of the Eocene epoch.
 Stigmella azusa is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū).The larvae feed on Salix serissaefolia. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Epiblema foenella is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 17–26 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on the roots and lower stem of Artemisia vulgaris commonly known as mugwort or common wormwood.
 Xenocyprioides is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to China. There are two described species in this genus.
 Simiskina phalena hayashii [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Bohol Leyte & Mindanao).
 Homoeosoma illuviellum is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in North America including Alberta New Mexico and Oklahoma.The wingspan is about 28 mm.
 Amalda concinna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Cyathopoma nishinoi is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Mordella cara is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1893.
 Aphelodoris is a genus of sea slugs a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dorididae.
 Coptobasis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Amorbia exsectana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Brazil to Panama where it is found at altitudes between 1000 and 1500 meters.The length of the forewings is 8.8–9.2 mm for males and 10–11 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is light brown the basal median and subterminal fasciae are dark brown. The hindwings are cream. Adults have been recorded on wing in January May June and October.
 The Green-backed Camaroptera (Camaroptera brachyura) is a small bird in the Cisticolidae family. This bird is a resident breeder in Africa south of the Sahara Desert. Recent studies suggest this species and the Grey-backed Camaroptera may be the same species.This skulking passerine is typically found low in dense cover. The Green-backed Camaroptera binds large leaves together low in a bush and builds a grass nest within the leaves.
 Baliochila minima the Minimal Buff is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found along the coast of Kenya. The habitat consists of coastal forests.
 The Taori Skipper (Trapezites taori) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in a small area of the Blackdown Tableland in Queensland.The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on Lomandra confertifolia pallida.
 Prosipho shiraseae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Glyphipterix ditiorana is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from Japan China Thailand India Sri Lanka Borneo Java Malaysia Mauritius and South Africa.
 Psectraxylia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Euhampsonia niveiceps is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in north-eastern India western China and Sumatra.
 Trichopolia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Solatisonax is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Architectonicidae the staircase shells or sundials.
 Eupithecia atacamaensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of Atacama (Copiapo Province) and Valparaiso (San Antonio Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of either theCoquimban Desert or Central Coastal Cordillera Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 9.5 mm for males. The forewings are whitish grey with medium and dark brown scaling. The hindwings are paler than the forewings with brown scaled basal and median areas.
 Spotted galaxias (Galaxias truttaceus) is a largish primarily-freshwater galaxias species found in southern Australia. Spotted galaxias are perhaps the most beautiful of the Australian galaxias species.
 Phaio sylva is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Brazil.
 Rubrograptis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Highscale Shiner (Notropis hypsilepis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Ulotrichopus tinctipennis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the tropical parts of south west and east Africa north to Sudan Egypt Israel Jordan and the Arabian Peninsula.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from December to April.
 Liosomadorsa morrowi is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the Ucayali River.
 Larsia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Baetopus is a genus of mayflies in the family Baetidae.
 The Satin Lutestring (Tetheella fluctuosa) is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 35–38 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Birch and Alder.
 Typhlodromalus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Prototyphis angasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eupithecia niticallis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Hoplocephalus is a genus of snakes in the Elapidae family. It contains the following species: broad-headed snake Hoplocephalus bungaroides (Schlegel 1837) pale-headed snake Hoplocephalus bitorquatus (Jan 1859) Stephens' banded snake Hoplocephalus stephensii (Krefft 1869)
 Bocage's wall lizard (Podarcis bocagei) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family. The species is endemic to the Iberian Peninsula.
 Conus sugimotonis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The White-plumed Honeyeater (Lichenostomus penicillatus) is a bird native to Australia. It is yellow above and paler beneath with a black and white line on the sides of its neck. The white neck band of a White-plumed Honeyeater is its most prominent feature the rest of the feathers being shades of green and buff. Juveniles have a pinkish orange beak that darkens to black in adults. Honeyeaters feed on nectar and insects and their nest is a small cup nest in a tree.
 Limnaecia hemimitra is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Humboldt's hog-nosed skunk also known as the Patagonian hog-nosed skunk (Conepatus humboldtii) is a type of hog-nosed skunk indigenous to the open grassy areas in the Patagonian regions of Argentina and Chile.
 Hyperolius camerunensis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.
 Virbia pamphylia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Bolivian Spinetail or Inquisivi Spinetail (Cranioleuca henricae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family which was discovered in 1993 near Inquisivi in the department of La Paz.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euriphene hecqui is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo (Equateur) and the Central African Republic.
 Tinissa mysorensis is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson in 1976. It is found in India.
 Lepidogalaxias salamandroides is a species of small fish of Western Australia. It is the only member of the family Lepidogalaxiidae (Lepidogalaxiid) and genus Lepidogalaxias. Common names for this fish include Salamanderfish and Shannon mudminnow. Although it is not a lungfish it resembles lungfish in several respects including its ability to survive dry seasons by burrowing into the sand.Lepidogalaxias salamandroides is small with females measuring up to 7 cm in length.
 Strenuella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Orophora unicolor is a moth of the Psychidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found in New Zealand.
 Benthenchelys pacificus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae described by Peter Henry John Castle in 1972 originally as a subspecies of Benthenchelys cartieri. It is a marine deep-water-dwelling eel known only from its type locality in the eastern central Pacific Ocean. It inhabits the pelagic zone.
 Eilema peperita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and Tanzania.
 Eoredlichia is an extinct genus of trilobite of average to large size (up to 12 centimetres or 4.7 inches long or 20 centimetres or 7.9 inches when including the spine on the ninth thorax segment pointing horizontally to the back that itself equals the main body length). It lived during the early Cambrian (late Atdabanian) in the Chengjiang fauna of Yunnan China and in Australia and Thailand.
 The Pale-winged Trumpeter (Psophia leucoptera) also known as the White-winged Trumpeter is a species of bird in the Psophiidae family. It is found in the southwestern Amazon Rainforest of Brazil northern Bolivia and eastern Peru.It has two subspecies: The widespread nominate has a white rump and is found south of the Amazon River and west of the Madeira River while ochroptera has a yellowish rump and is found between the Amazon River and the lower Rio Negro.
 Syngnathus macrophthalmus is a pipefish species found only around Suez and Hurghada (Al Ghardaqah) in the northwestern Red Sea. Marine tropical demersal fish up tp 12.2 cm total length.
 Doris chrysoderma is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae.
 Symmoca pyrenaica is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Hyposemansis is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 The Japanese Sparrowhawk (Accipiter gularis) is a bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes many other diurnal raptors such as eagles buzzards and harriers.It breeds in China Japan Korea and Siberia; winters in Indonesia and Philippines passing through the rest of South-east Asia. It is a bird of open and wooded areas.It is 23–30 cm in length with the female larger than the male.
 Cyclosa conica is a small spider with no common name. It is an orb weaver and it is easily recognized by the way it strings together the dead bodies of insects and other debris and hangs it near the center of its web. It hides on this string of debris and its natural coloration makes it extremely difficult to see until it moves. One of its defenses against predators is to blend in with this debris and to feign death when disturbed.
 Sycacantha diakonoffi is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand and Vietnam.
 Eleutherodactylus leprus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Belize Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Metaleptina is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 Amara browni is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Sperchia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Vitula insula is a species of snout moths. It was described by Neunzig in 1990. It is found in California.
 Pseudoliparis is a genus of snailfishes native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
 The pink fairy armadillo (Chlamyphorus truncatus) or pichiciego is the smallest species of armadillo (mammals of the family Dasypodidae mostly known for having a bony armor shell). It is found in central Argentina where it inhabits dry grasslands and sandy plains with thorn bushes and cacti.
 Aclerdidae are a family of Coccoidea the scale insects. They are usually found on grasses sucking sap from the stem inside the leaf sheaths.
 Pseudagrion sudanicum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Botswana the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gambia Ghana Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria South Africa Sudan Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are intermittent rivers and freshwater marshes.
 Mirandaphera arafurensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Macrogyrus is a genus of beetles in the family Gyrinidae containing the following species: Macrogyrus aenescens (Régimbart 1882) Macrogyrus albertisi (Régimbart 1882) Macrogyrus angustatus Régimbart 1883 Macrogyrus australis (Brullé 1835) Macrogyrus blanchardi Régimbart 1883 Macrogyrus caledonicus (Fauvel 1867) Macrogyrus canaliculatus Frogatt 1907 Macrogyrus convexus Ochs 1937 Macrogyrus darlingtoni Ochs 1949 Macrogyrus elongatus Régimbart 1883 Macrogyrus finschi Ochs 1925 Macrogyrus gibbosus Ochs 1956 Macrogyrus gouldii (Hope 1842) Macrogyrus heurni Ochs 1955 Macrogyrus howittii (Clark 1864) Macrogyrus latior Tillyard 1926 Macrogyrus leechi Mouchamps 1951 Macrogyrus leopoldi Ball 1932 Macrogyrus loriai Ochs 1955 Macrogyrus oberthueri Régimbart 1883 Macrogyrus obliquatus (Aubé 1838) Macrogyrus oblongus (Boisduval 1835) Macrogyrus obsoletus Régimbart 1907 Macrogyrus oratus Macrogyrus orthocolobus Heller 1914 Macrogyrus ovatus Ochs 1934 Macrogyrus paradoxus Régimbart 1883 Macrogyrus purpurascens Régimbart 1883 Macrogyrus reichei (Aubé 1838) Macrogyrus reticulatus Régimbart 1899 Macrogyrus rivularis (Clark 1863) Macrogyrus sexangularis Régimbart 1907 Macrogyrus striolatus (Guérin-Meneville 1830) Macrogyrus sumbawae (Régimbart 1882) Macrogyrus toxopeusi Ochs 1955 Macrogyrus variegatus Régimbart 1907 Macrogyrus venator (Dejean 1833) Macrogyrus viridisulcatus Mjöberg 1916 Macrogyrus wetarensis Ochs 1953↑
 Nephele bipartita is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from lowland forest and heavy woodland from West Africa to the coast of Kenya and Tanzania and to Malawi and Mozambique.The length of the forewings is 34–38 mm. It is very similar to Nephele monostigma but the olive dorsal spots of the abdomen are larger the black lateral spots are not separated by brownish buff but by the ground colour and the forewings are not falcate.
 The Gambian Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus gambianus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family.The species is known to travel in packs and are also known to be tropical. It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan and Togo.
 Xylophanes katharinae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.It is intermediate in forewing shape between Xylophanes damocrita and Xylophanes josephinae but distinguishable from both by the much broader pale orange median band on the hindwing upperside. The forewing apex is slightly more elongate and pointed than in Xylophanes josephinae. The hindwing apex is generally slightly exceeding the forewing tornus.
 The Corsican Heath (Coenonympha corinna) is a butterfly in the family NymphalidaeIt is found on the Mediterranean islands of Corsica Sardinia and Elba.The larva feeds on grasses.
 The Streaked Flycatcher (Myiodynastes maculatus) is a passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.
 The Zebra Mbuna (Maylandia zebra) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can reach a length of 11.3 centimetres (4.4 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Mackenziurus is a genus of trilobite containing species named after members of the American band the Ramones.
 The gray sac-winged bat (Balantiopteryx plicata) is a species in the family Emballonuridae which comprises the 51 species of sac-winged bats. It is found in Mexico from Baja California Sur and Sonora to Guatemala El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Costa Rica and northern Colombia at elevations up to 1500 metres (4900 ft).
 The Akun Eagle-Owl (Bubo leucostictus) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is found in forests in Central and Western Africa. At 43 centimetres (17 in) it is the smallest eagle-owl in Africa and also the only African rainforest eagle-owl with yellow eyes.
 Dasmophora is a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Dasmophora xerospila which is found in French Guiana.The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are elongate and pale greyish-ochreous irregularly sprinkled with fuscous and dark fuscous and dark fuscous spots on the costa at the base. The hindwings are grey but lighter anteriorly.
 Chlenias banksiaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania.The larvae have been recorded feeding on many species of unrelated plants and has also adapted to feeding on the introduced Pinus radiata.
 Xenormicola extensa is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Iberomorda is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Iberomorda sulcicauda (Mulsant 1856) Iberomorda viridipennis (Mulsant 1856)↑
 Nannopterix choreutes is a moth of the Micropterigidae family. It is known from New Caledonia from the Table Unio south to Rivière Bleue.The forewing length is 2.4 mm for males. The forewing ground colour is uniform. There is a narrow brown costal streak and another slightly broader brown anal streak. Furthermore a smallbrown patch of scales and an irregular area of brown scales in the apex. The fringes are ochreous except for a tuft of brown scales.
 Paramecus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Paramecus breviusculus Fairmaire 1884 Paramecus cylindricus Dejean 1829 Paramecus ellipticus (Cutris 1839) Paramecus laevigatus Dejean 1829↑
 Zabrus vaulogeri is a species of ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Algeria.
 Merimnetria straussiella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.Adults have predominantly orange-colored forewings and pale hindwings.The larvae feed on Straussia kaduana and Straussia mariniana. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Celaenorrhinus pooanus the Bitje Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon Bioko Gabon and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo (from the north-east to the Ituri Forest). The habitat consists of forests.Adults have been recorded feeding on flowers of Mussaenda species.
 Scinax flavoguttatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Supplanaxis is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Planaxidae.
 Mordellistena mississippiensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1971.
 Hypsiboas phaeopleura is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The New World quails or Odontophorids are small birds only distantly related to the Old World Quails but named for their similar appearance and habits. The American species are in their own family Odontophoridae whereas Old World Quail are in the pheasant family Phasianidae. The family ranges from Canada through to southern Brazil and two species the California Quail and the Bobwhite Quail have been successfully introduced to New Zealand.
 Craugastor epochthidius is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dasypyga is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1887.
 Azhdarchidae (from اژدرها (Aždarha) the Persian word for dragon) is a family of pterosaurs known primarily from the late Cretaceous Period though an isolated vertebrae apparently from an azhdarchid is known from the early Cretaceous as well (late Berriasian age about 140Ma ago). Azhdarchids included some of the largest known flying animals of all time.
 Anapatetris is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Acrobasis automorpha is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in New Guinea.
 Common names: Oaxacan dwarf boa.Exiliboa is a monotypic genus created for the non-venomous dwarf boa species E. placata found in Mexico. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Cyrtarachne ixoides is an orb-weaver spider species found in the Mediterranean basin to Georgia and in Madagascar.
 Paulasquama callis is a species of suckermouth armored catfish known only from Guyana where it was collected from the Waruma River which flows into the Mazaruni River. It is the only recognized species in its genus. This species grows to a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 The Sri Lanka Spurfowl (Galloperdix bicalcarata) is a member of the pheasant family which is endemic to the dense rainforests of Sri Lanka.It is a very secretive bird and despite its size is difficult to see as it slips through dense undergrowth. Often the only indication of its presence is its distinctive ringing call consisting of series of three-syllabled whistles.
 Sterechinus is a genus of sea urchins in the family Echinidae. All living members of the genus are found in the waters around Antarctica but the first species described in the genus was a fossil and was found in Europe.
 Plocaederus rugosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Amphibamidae is an extinct family of dissorophoid euskelian temnospondyls. The earliest amphibamids such as Amphibamus are known from Late Carboniferous strata in the United States and the Czech Republic while the last known amphibamid Micropholis is known from the Early Triassic Karoo Basin of South Africa. According to some phylogenetic studies modern amphibians including frogs salamanders and caecilians may have descended from a common ancestor that was an amphibamid.
 Paradarisa comparataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India and Taiwan.
 The Knob-billed Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus insolitus) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Prorella desperata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Arizona and Texas.The wingspan is about 17-19 mm. There is a strongly oblique dark antemedian band on the forewings as well as a rectangular preapical costal patch and small blotches on the terminal area opposite the cell and above the tornus. Adults have been recorded on wing in August and September.
 Doriprismatica dendrobranchia is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Euzopherodes nipponensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzopherodes. It was described by Yamanaka in 2006 and is known from Japan.
 Bredana is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs in the USA.
 Lasiancistrus saetiger is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil. This species grows to a length of 10.01 centimetres (3.94 in) SL.
 Hanleya brachyplax is a species of chiton a polyplacophoran mollusk which is endemic to Brazil.
 Turbonilla apsa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Priodiscus serratus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.
 Ochridaspongia is genus of two species of sponges:Ochridaspongia rotundaOchridaspongia interlithonisТhese species are endemic and live only in Lake Ohrid.
 The southern New Guinea tree frog (Litoria impura) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are moist savanna freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Moronata eriosocii is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 The Brixton Beauty Acontia nitidula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia including India. It has also been recorded from Great Britain but this record is doubtful.The larvae feed on the leaves of Abelmoschus esculentus and cotton and are considered a minor pest.
 Metrioglypha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Ciliata is a genus of lotids with these currently recognized species: Ciliata mustela (Linnaeus 1758) (fivebeard rockling) Ciliata septentrionalis (Collett 1875) (northern rockling) Ciliata tchangi S. Z. Li 1994↑
 Platycheirus europaeus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Europe.
 Commotria rufidelineata is a species of snout moths in the genus Commotria. It was described by Hampson in 1918 and is known from eastern Africa and Malawi.
 Netechma pyrrhocolona is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador (Pichincha and Carchi Provinces)).
 Pseudobalistes is a genus of fish belonging to the family Balistidae.
 Sympistis opleri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Wyoming.The wingspan is about 27 mm.
 The Baby Lascar (Pantoporia aurelia) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
 Estigmene albida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1874. It is found from Montana to South Dakota south to New Mexico and Arizona. It is also found in Mexico Costa Rica and Guatemala.The wingspan is about 50 mm.
 Argyroeides tricolor is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Packard in 1869. It is found in the Amazons.
 Jamides malaccanus is a butterfly of the Lycaenids or Blues family. It is found on the Peninsular Malaysia Pulau Tioman Pulau Aur Sumatra Java Langkawi and probably in Southern Thailand.
 Turbonilla hermia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Karschiola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Karschiola holoclera which is found in Malawi Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
 Caloptilia oenopella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on Litsea leefeana and Tetranthera ferruginea. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Blank (1740–1770) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He only won one race but became a very successful sire and was British Champion sire in 1762 1764 and 1770.
 Piletocera xanthosoma is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found on Fiji Tonga and Samoa.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Zingiber officinale produce. However it is an accidental contaminant rather than a pest of the crop. Females have been recorded as laying eggs on exposed produce in lighted dock sheds.
 Dyspessa emilia is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1878. It is found in Turkey.
 Chester House (February 1 1995 – June 28 2003) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In his racing career he ran in both Europe and North America winning six races most notably the Arlington Million as a five-year-old in 2000. Following his retirement he showed promise as a stallion before dying at the age of eight.
 Synaptolaemus cingulatus is a species of headstander found in Brazil and Venezuela.
 Bucculatrix cidarella is a moth of the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula) Kazakhstan and Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 8–9 mm. Adults are on wing May to June. At times there is a second generation in August.The larvae create a gallery mine in the leaves of Alnus glutinosa Alnus incana Alnus viridis or Myrica gale.
 The Chalk-browed Mockingbird (Mimus saturninus) is a bird found in most of Brazil and parts of Bolivia Uruguay Paraguay Argentina and Suriname. It's a bird of open wooded areas including urban and suburban gardens. It feeds on fruits insects and small vertebrates.It has a large range (around 7200000 km²) and although its population has not been thoroughly surveyed it is believed to be large as it is reported as common in parts of its range.
 Phalga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered to be a synonym of Eutelia.
 The Rufous-throated Fulvetta (Alcippe rufogularis) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia ranging across Bangladesh Bhutan Cambodia India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Also known as Intermediate Bow-fingered Gecko or Cardamon Forest Gecko Gymnodactylus intermedius is a species of gecko found in Cambodia Vietnam and Thailand (Khao Yai National Park Khao Khitchakut National Park Khao Soi Dao Wildlife Sanctuary Khao Phanom Bencha National Park and Mu Ko Chang National Park).
 Mastigoteuthis grimaldii is a species of whip-lash squid.
 Osmeroides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Cretaceous.
 The Red-and-white Antpitta (Grallaria erythroleuca) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Pseudoneuroctena is a Monotypic genus of flies from the family Dryomyzidae.
 The impressed tortoise (Manouria impressa) occurs in mountainous forest areas in Southeast Asia in Burma southern China Thailand Laos Vietnam Cambodia and Malaysia. The species has a golden brown shell and skin. Adults are much smaller than their relatives the Asian forest tortoise (Manouria emys) with a maximum size of 35 cm.The impressed tortoise lives at high elevations up to 2000 m.
 Eriozona syrphoides is a European species of hoverfly.
 The Pacific Horned Frog (Ceratophrys stolzmanni) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and sandy shores.It is kept as a pet. Specimens in the United States were inported by Understory Enterprises.
 Darwin's Rhea (Rhea pennata) also known as the Lesser Rhea is a large flightless bird but the smaller of the two extant species of rheas. It is found in the Altiplano and Patagonia in South America.
 The Eight-spotted Skipper or Light-spotted Skipper (Dalla octomaculata) is a species of butterfly in the Hesperiidae family in the Subfamily Heteropterinae which are sometimes called Skipperlings. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 The Stegophilinae are a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae. It includes 12 genera: Acanthopoma Apomatoceros Haemomaster Henonemus Homodiaetus Megalocentor Ochmacanthus Parastegophilus Pareiodon Pseudostegophilus Schultzichthys and Stegophilus. A monophyletic group within the Stegophilinae is supported by two characteristics of the lateral line including Acanthopoma Henonemus Megalocentor Pareiodon Parastegophilus and Pseudostegophilus.
 The Black Inca (Coeligena prunellei) is a species of hummingbird found only in Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and urban areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.It was formerly classified as an endangered species by the IUCN but new research has shown it to be not as rare as it was believed. Consequently it was downlisted to Vulnerable in 2008.
 The Island mackerel Rastrelliger faughni is a species of true mackerel in the scombrid family (Scombridae). Their maximum reported length is 20 cm and the maximum reported weight is 0.75 kg.While the FAO report no commercial landings of island mackerel the IUCN report annual landings in excess of 800000 tonnes.
 Muhabbetina is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 The Corn Crake Corncrake or Landrail (Crex crex) is a bird in the rail family. It breeds in Europe and Asia as far east as western China and migrates to Africa for the northern hemisphere's winter. It is a medium-sized crake with buff- or grey-streaked brownish-black upperparts chestnut markings on the wings and blue-grey underparts with rust-coloured and white bars on the flanks and undertail. The strong bill is flesh-toned the iris is pale brown and the legs and feet are pale grey.
 Turbonilla uespi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Diplothecta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Philagraulella are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Philagraulella punica which is found in Sudan.
 Nepita is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The genus consists of only one species Nepita conferta which can be found in India and Ceylon.
 Tigrioides euschia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found in New Guinea where it is only known from the Star Mountains in Papua.
 Chicoreus maurus common name the Maurus murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Doxocopa laure common name Silver Emperor is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 The genus Fringilla is a small group of finches from the Old World which are the only species in the subfamily Fringillinae.
 Wheeleria ivae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from former Yugoslavia Asia Minor Syria and Lebanon.The larvae feed on Stachys iva.
 Digita ampullai is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Taiwan.Adults have been found from March to December probably in several generations.The wingspan is 9-10 mm. The crosslines are all present. The antemedial and postmedial lines are prominent black and slightly waved. The terminal line is marked by tight black interveinal spots. The hindwing is blackish brown and without a discal spot.
 Emmalocera pleurochorda is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It is found in Australia.
 Mordellistena abaceta is a type of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1917.
 The Red-sided Skink (Trachylepis homalocephala) is a small slender species of skink in the subfamily Lygosominae. It is indigenous to Southern Africa where it typically occurs in coastal thicket and leaf litter along the South African coast - from Cape Town eastwards along the coast as far as Mozambique. A few tiny isolated populations also occur in moist mountainous areas further inland.This small elegant skink has a shiny brightly striped body.
 Ogdoconta rufipenna is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-eastern Arizona (Santa Cruz and Cochise Counties). It is probably also found in Mexico.The length of the forewings is 10.5–16 mm for males and 10.5–15.5 mm for females. The dorsal surface ground color is uniformly burgundy with scattered white scales. The hindwings are dark reddish brown the veins lined with dark.
 Eutatus is an extinct genus of large insectivorous armadillo of the family Dasypodidae. It was endemic to South America during the middle to Late Pleistocene living from 1.2 Ma-11000 years ago and existing for approximately 1.19 million years.
 Cosmopepla conspicillaris the two-spotted stink bug or conspicuous stink bug is a species of insect in the Pentatomidae family.
 Hylasia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Depressaria pimpinellae is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Portugal and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 16–22 mm. Adults are on wing from September and after overwintering again in the following spring.The larvae feed on Pimpinella saxifraga and Pimpinella major. They live in a silken spinning.
 Alkenopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
 Centrolene lynchi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cosmopterix aculeata is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from India (Assam) China and Australia.It is multivoltine with adults recorded from March to November.
 The warty dorid scientific name Doris verrucosa is a species of dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dorididae.
 Coleophora albicostella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Latvia to the Iberian Peninsula Italy Greece and Cyprus.The larvae feed on Fragaria vesca Potentilla cinerea Potentilla palustris and Potentilla tabaernaemontani. They create a yellowish white spatulate leaf case. It strongly compressed laterally and bivalved. Larvae can be found from autumn to May.
 Stegastes adustus commonly called the dusky damselfish or scarlet-backed demoiselle is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is found at one- to three-meter depths on surging and wavy coral reefs in the Caribbean Sea the tropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Sula Pitta (Pitta dohertyi) is a species of bird in the pitta family Pittidae. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Red-bellied Pitta. It is endemic to Indonesia where it occurs in the Sula and Banggai Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Odontothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species:Odontothelphusa lacandona Alvarez & Villalobos 1998Odontothelphusa lacanjaensis Alvarez & Villalobos 1998Odontothelphusa maxillipes (Rathbun 1898)Odontothelphusa monodontis Rodríguez & Hobbs 1989Odontothelphusa palenquensis Alvarez & Villalobos 1998Odontothelphusa toninae Alvarez & Villalobos 1991↑
 Mictoschema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Crassispira pulchrepunctata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Protracta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Protracta illuminata which is found in Bolivia.
 Suillia villeneuvei is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Typhlops koshunensis Koshun Worm Snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. Very little is known about this species known only from a small number of historical records; it is considered Data Deficient by IUCN.
 Amphistephanites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Calyptra albivirgata is a moth of the Noctuoidea family. It is found in Asia including China and Japan.
 Miraldella is a genus of very small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae of the family Odostomiidae. The genus was first described as a subgenus of Miralda A. Adams 1863 but was later given full generic status by Schander et al. (1999).
 Leipoa is a genus of mound-building birds in the Megapode family. It contains two species both endemic to Australia one of which is extinct.
 Nephus quadrimaculatus is a species of ladybird belonging to the family Coccinellidae.
 Eulepidotis merricki is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Jamaica Cuba and Puerto Rico. The species was originally described from Pennsylvania but the specimen was probably imported with tropical fruit. The species is not present in the Nearctic.The larvae feed on Melicoccus bijugatus
 Gaspeaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish which lived during the Middle Devonian period of North America.
 Bradybaenidae is a taxonomic family of medium-sized to small land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea.These snails are found mainly in Asia with only one species occurring in Northwestern Europe: Fruticicola fruticum.
 Dasyloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to Central and South America.
 Rachovia is a genus of rivulines native to South America.
 Melanella breviuscula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Cerrostrangalia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Cerrostrangalia herrerai Hovore & Chemsak 2005 Cerrostrangalia solisi Hovore & Chemsak 2005↑
 Intejocerida is the name given to a group of generally straight shelled nautiloid cephalopods originally found in Lower and Middle Ordovician sediments in the Angara River basin in Russia; defined in the Treatise as an order and combined there with the Endocerida in the Endoceratoidea.
 For other species that go under the name bull ray see bull ray (disambiguation).Pteromylaeus is a genus of eagle rays in the family Myliobatidae. They are commonly known as bull rays a name that is also used specifically to refer to Pteromylaeus bovinus as well as colloquially for a number of other large Australian rays such as Myliobatis australis and Dasyatis thetidis. Two species are known.
 Sutilizona theca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Sutilizonidae.
 Gymnothorax panamensis is a moray eel found in the eastern Pacific ocean. It was first named by Franz Steindachner in 1876 and is commonly known as the Panamic moray or the Masked moray.
 Diacrita costalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Diacrita of the family Tephritidae.
 The Floreana Mockingbird or Charles Mockingbird (Mimus trifasciatus) is a bird species in the family Mimidae.It is endemic to Floreana one of the Galápagos Islands of Ecuador; at present it only occurs on offshore islets however. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Coleophora subula is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Hungary Slovakia Russia (central Siberia Altai Lower Wolga region) Tajikistan Turkmenistan Turkey and China (Xinjiang).
 Coleophora willinki is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The Blue Nuthatch (Sitta azurea) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Metanephrops binghami the Caribbean lobster or Caribbean lobsterette is a lobster which inhabits the western Atlantic region: from the Bahamas and southern Florida to French Guiana including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea.
 Phalonidia decrepita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Goais).The wingspan is about 11.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white sprinkled and strigulated with brownish grey. The base median area and terminal part of the wing are brownish grey. The hindwings are pale brownish creamy.
 Paralimnophila emarginata is a crane fly species in the genus Paralimnophila. It is found in Chile.
 Minicorona are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Minicorona tricarpa which is found in South Africa.
 The Liza or Lebranche mullet (Mugil liza) is a species of fish in the Mugilidae family. It is found in the western Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea and is fished commercially.
 The Green-tailed Sunbird (Aethopyga nipalensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It rangesa cross the northern regions of the Indian Subcontinent stretching eastwards into parts of Southeast Asia.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan India Laos Myanmar Nepal Thailand Tibet and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 George Royal (1961–1981) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. Foaled in Cloverdale British Columbia George Royal was sired by Dark Hawk out of the mare Polly Bashaw. His great-grandsire was Hyperion son of the English Triple Crown Champion Gainsborough. He was originally owned by Robert Hall and Ernie Hammond.Under the training of Robert W. Hall the colt began racing at two at Vancouver's Exhibition Park winning four of his eight starts.
 Kingmambo (foaled February 19 1990 in Kentucky) was an American-bred French-trained thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
 The Schizoporellidae is a family within the bryozoan order Cheilostomata. Colonies are encrusting on shells and rocks or upright bilaminar branches or sheets. The zooidal orifice has a narrow V-shaped sinus.
 Turritella nebulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Geodia gibberosa (the white encrusting sponge) is a Caribbean sea sponge. It is known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
 Eupithecia nadiae is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the high Andes of Ecuador.
 Chlorograpta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sepia acuminata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean from Port Elizabeth South Africa to Somalia (01º30'N–30ºS) and Madagascar. It lives at a depth of between 44 and 369 m.Females are slightly larger than males growing to 120 mm and 100 mm in mantle length respectively.The type specimen was collected near Tongaat Beach Port Elizabeth South Africa.
 Chrysomantis girardi is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire and Guinea.
 Coelorrhina is a genus of flower chafer belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 Probainognathus (Greek: progressive jaw) is a genus of meat-eating mammal-like reptile (Therapsids) that lived during the lower Upper Triassic of South America. This creature had an incipient squamosal-dentary jaw-cranium joint which is a clearly mammalian anatomical feature. It was at the very least closely related to the family of Chiniquodontidae in which some authors have included it.
 The Northern white-breasted hedgehog (Erinaceus roumanicus) is a species of hedgehog.The range of the species extends in the west as far as Poland Austria and the former Yugoslavia and south to Greece and the Adriatic Islands including populations on Crete Corfu and Rhodes. It is found eastwards through Russia and Ukraine as far east as the Ob River in Siberia.
 Euphaedra inanum the Unmarked Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of dense forests.Adults are attracted to fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Sorindeia warneckei.
 Murex africanus is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the rock snails or murex snails.
 Vallée Enchantée (27 March 2000 foaled) is a retired thoroughbred racehorse bred in Ireland and trained in France. She won Hong Kong Vase and two group race in 2003. She is a very small along other thoroughbreds. Her weight only 813 ponds when she won Hong Kong Vase.
 Chloroclystis omocydia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Compacta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Beaufortia szechuanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Beaufortia.
 Harpactognathus (meaning seizing/grasping jaw) was a genus of pterosaur found in the Late Jurassic-age Morrison Formation of Albany County Wyoming USA. It is based on NAMAL 101 a partial skull consisting of the snout recovered from near Bone Cabin Quarry in 1996.
 Tetrapleurodon is a genus of lampreys native to North America where they are endemic to Mexico.
 Sea tulips scientific name Pyura spinifera are sessile ascidians that live in coastal waters at depths of up to 80 m (260 feet). Like all ascidians sea tulips are filter feeders. Their common name comes from their appearance - that of a knobbly 'bulb' or flower attached to a long stalk. Sea tulips come in a variety of colours including white pink yellow orange and purple.
 Apteronotus is a genus of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae distinguished by the presence of a tiny caudal fin. This genus is restricted to South America.
 Durbar (known in England and the United States as Durbar II) was a French racehorse. Although not the best of his generation in France (he was inferior to both Sardanaple and La Farina) he proved too good for the leading British colts in the 1914 Epsom Derby which he won by three lengths. His pedigree was controversial with the British authorities not recognising him as a Thoroughbred. His racing career was ended by the outbreak of the First World War.
 Myersiella microps is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Myersiella..It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Synersaga pseudocathra is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Myanmar.
 Mordellistena lineata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1937 by Ray.
 Anycles anthracina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Panama Venezuela and Brazil.
 Eudonia luteusalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Azores.
 Coenobita cavipes is a species of land hermit crab native to the eastern parts of Africa the Philippines China Japan Malaysia Taiwan Polynesia and Micronesia.C. cavipes usually uses empty turbo shells and occasionally part of a hard passion fruit.
 Enneanectes reticulatus known commonly as the Network triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny.
 Odostomia amilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pheropsophus jessoensis colloquially known as the Asian bombardier beetle[citation needed] (miidera beetle in Japan) is a species of ground beetle from Japan North and South Korea and the province of Yunnan China.
 Ectoedemia aegilopidella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is endemic to mainland Greece and Rhodes.The wingspan is 3.8-4.2 mm. Adults are on wing in April. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus macrolepis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a contorted corridor that widens quickly. The black frass is concentrated in a broad band.
 Spotback loach (Schistura notostigma) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Calocochlia pulcherrima is a species of large air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is very common in the Philippines. The shell is between 31 to 46 millimeters long with brown spiral bands and a cream-colored background.
 Nassarius castus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The Rock Parrot (Neophema petrophila) also known as the Rock Elegant is a parrot which is endemic to coastal South Australia southern Western Australia and that continent's offshore islands including Rottnest Island. It is a small predominantly olive-green parrot. Grass seeds form the bulk of its diet.
 Pseudospiris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Barea Moth (Barea codrella) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia more specifically Tasmania New South Wales and Victoria and South Australia. It is also an adventive species in New Zealand.
 Royal Heroine (1980–2002) was an Thoroughbred Champion racehorse foaled in Ireland who raced in England and France and then in the United States where she set a North American record for a mile on turf while winning the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Mile in 1984.
 Ostrinia quadripunctalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Norway Germany the Czech Republic Austria Italy Slovakia Hungary the Republic of Macedonia Albania Ukraine and Russia.
 Blastobasis xiphiae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.5–5.2 mm. The forewings have pale-brown scales tipped with white intermixed with brown scales tipped with pale brown and a few dark-brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Eriostepta is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Platycephalus is a genus of mostly-marine bottom-dwelling fish in the family Platycephalidae.
 Manduca sexta is a moth of the family Sphingidae present through much of the American continent. Commonly known as the tobacco hornworm and the goliath worm it is closely related to and often confused with the very similar tomato hornworm (Manduca quinquemaculata); the larvae of both feed on the foliage of various plants of the family Solanaceae. The tobacco hornworm is sometimes kept as a pet by children throughout its range.
 The red-cheeked flying squirrel (Hylopetes spadiceus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.
 Amoria simoneae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Cochylis piana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Inner Mongolia Liaoning Shaanxi Xinjiang) Afghanistan Iran and Russia.
 Etheostoma osburni the Candy darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where they are only known from the Kanawha River system in the states of Virginia and West Virginia. It can be found in medium-sized and smaller rivers where it inhabits rubble riffles with fast-flowing currents. This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL though most only reach about 7.3 centimetres (2.9 in).
 Hypena obsoleta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai and Hawaii.It is one of the most variable of all Hawaiian insects. The color forms are most confusing and it often appears that several species are represented in assembled series. The markings on some examples are extremely bold but they are obsolete on other specimens and all kinds of intergrades occur.The larvae feed on Paspalum conjugatum and other grasses in the mountains
 Orania infans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pareclectis hobohmi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Namibia.
 Hedylopsis is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea.
 Pachyrhynchus argus is a species weevil in the family Brentidae. It is a small black weevil with blue-green rings on the elytra. This species can be found in Philippines.
 Phytomyza ilicis the holly leaf miner is a fly whose larvae burrow into leaves of the holly tree (Ilex aquifolium) leaving characteristic pale trails or leaf mines. The holly leaf miner has frequently been used in ecological studies as a system to study food webs since examination of the leaves can reveal whether the leaf miner has successfully emerged been killed by a parasitic wasp or been predated by blue tits.
 Eviota pellucida commonly called Neon pygmy goby' or Pellucida pygmy goby is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.The Neon pygmy gobyis widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific.It can be found at depths of 3-30 metres (98 ft).It reaches a maximum size of 21 millimetres (0.83 in) in length.Its body is a transparent orange/red colour with a yellow/gold line stretching from its head the base of its tail one on its side stretching through its eye to 2/3 of the way down its body and two lines over its head. 
 Sarkastodon is an extinct genus within the family Oxyaenidae that lived during the upper Eocene approximately 35 million years ago. It was a large carnivorous animal that lived in what is today Mongolia. Sarkastodon is known only from a skull and jawbones. Sarkastodon like creodonts in general was probably a hypercarnivore that preyed on large mammals in its range during the Late Eocene such as brontotheres chalicotheres and rhinoceroses.
 Coleophora crypsineura is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in dry and semidry southern Australia from Coonabarabran New South Wales to Caiguna in Western Australia.The wingspan is 9-10 mm.
 Togwoteeus biceps is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Ransoniella radiosa is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Delminichthys ghetaldii is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Bosnia and Herzegovina.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater springs and inland karsts.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Histioea meldolae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Panama Venezuela and Trinidad.
 Elysius amapaensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rego Barros in 1971. It is found in Brazil.
 The Smooth alligatorfish (Anoplagonus inermis also known as the Smooth poacher or the Smooth sea-poacher) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Albert Günther in 1860. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling fish which is known from the northern Pacific Ocean including California USA and possibly Korea. It dwells at a depth range of 8-102 metres usually around rocks.
 Pomasia vernacularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Ypsolopha acuminata is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Japan Korea north-eastern China and Russia.The wingspan is 25–27 mm.
 Terebra hancocki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Charaxes hildebrandti Hildebrandt’s Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Zambia. Its habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.The larvae feed on Dyboscia species.
 Bufo valhallae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and pools.
 Gnaphosa alacris is a ground spider species found in France Italy Croatia and Morocco.
 The jaguar (/ˈdʒæɡwɑr/ or UK /ˈdʒæɡjuː.ər/) Panthera onca is a big cat a feline in the Panthera genus and is the only Panthera species found in the Americas. The jaguar is the third-largest feline after the tiger and the lion and the largest in the Western Hemisphere. The jaguar's present range extends from Southwestern United States and Mexico across much of Central America and south to Paraguay and northern Argentina.
 Gymnobela dubia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hexaplex (Trunculariopsis) duplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Gagrellopsis nodulifera is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Araneus is a genus of common orb-weaving spiders. It includes about 650 species among which are the European garden spider and the barn spider.
 Prothylacinus is an extinct genus of South American metatherian that lived during the Miocene.
 Onoba islandica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Chrotochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Black-and-crimson Oriole (Oriolus cruentus) is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Maintenon (foaled 1903 in France) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by Gaston Dreyfus at his Haras du Perray in Les Bréviaires Yvelines. Maintenon was out of the mare Marcia and sired by Le Sagittaire a multiple winner of what today are Group One races.Purchased as a yearling for twenty-three thousand French francs by American sportsman William Kissam Vanderbilt of the prominent Vanderbilt family of New York Maintenon was conditioned for racing by future U.S.
 Mockingbirds are a group of New World passerine birds from the Mimidae family. They are best known for the habit of some species mimicking the songs of other birds and the sounds of insects amphibians and the calls of other birds. often loudly and in rapid succession. There are about 17 species in three genera.
 Pseudomelatoma penicillata is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Duplicaria badia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Clepsis unicolorana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Duponchel in 1835. It is found in France Spain Switzerland and Italy.The wingspan is 20–24 mm.The larvae feed on Asphodelus aestivus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is full-depth. The mined leaves are bound together with silk. Pupation takes place within the mine. Larvae can be found in March.
 Centruroides tecomanus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family. It is native to Mexico.
 Rabaulia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Trechicomimus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trechicomimus aphaenops Mateu & Negre 1972 Trechicomimus suturalis Ueno 1977↑
 Boadicea pelecoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo.
 The Japanese silver biddy Gerres equulus is a species of mojarra native to the coastal waters of the western Pacific Ocean from southern Korea to southern Japan though it does not occur around the Ryukyu Islands. This species can reach a length of 22.4 cm (8.8 in) standard length. It is a commercially important fish for the local fish industry in Japan.
 The small sanddab (Citharichthys platophrys) is a species of sanddab in the large-tooth flounder family Paralichthyidae. It is native to the eastern Pacific Ocean ranging from the southern Gulf of California of Mexico in the north to Peru in the south.It is a demersal marine fish that lives in tropical waters inhabiting sandy bottoms at depths between 11 and 54 metres (36 and 177 ft). Like the rest of the large-tooth flounders it has both eyes on the left side of its head.
 Lambula melaleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found on the Moluccas. It is the type species of the Lambula genus.
 Wild Desert (foaled March 24 2002 in Ontario Canada) is a Canadian bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2005 Queen's Plate Canada's most prestigious race and North America's oldest annually run stakes race. [1]Originally trained by Kenneth McPeek following a poor performance in the 2005 Arkansas Derby [2] Wild Desert's owners transferred the horse to trainer Richard Dutrow Jr. The colt did not race again until the June 26 Queen's Plate.
 Coptodisca kalmiella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Dietz in 1921. It is found in North America including New Jersey.The forewings are golden-brown from the base to about the middle of the wing passing gradually into golden yellow. The larvae feed on Kalmia angustifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mines are irregular and blotch-like extending from the midrib almost and sometimes entirely to the edge of the leaf.
 Sambirania is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Sambirania aeneicollis Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania brachysoma Obenberger 1942 Sambirania dubia Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania impedita Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania incerta Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania inflata Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania plagicollis Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania rotundipennis Descarpentries 1968 Sambirania suspecta Descarpentries 1968↑
 Omphalotropis gracilis is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Admete magellanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Colina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Lethrinops altus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in areas with sandy substrates. This species grows to a length of 15.8 centimetres (6.2 in) TL.
 Chrysallida vanbruggeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Homalocantha melanamathos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Kaganaias (meaning 'Kaga water nymph') is an extinct genus of mosasauroid lizard that lived in what is now Japan during the Early Cretaceous. Kaganaias was semi-aquatic and is the only known aquatic squamate to be found in Asia and is also the only known aquatic squamate known from before the Cenomanian stage of the Cretaceous. It is also the first to be found in an inland area instead of on the coast where aquatic squamates are commonly found.
 Ctenurella (Little Comb Tail) is an extinct genus of ptyctodont placoderm from the Late Devonian of Germany. The first fossils were found in the Strundevalley in the Paffrather Kalkmulde.
 Retiskenea is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Neomphaloidea.
 Mordella panamensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Tabasco Cat (1991-2004) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was best known for his performances in 1994 when he won the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes the second and third legs of the Triple Crown Series.
 Deroplatyini is a tribe of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae of Mantodea.
 The Horned Screamer (Anhima cornuta) is a member of a small family of birds the Anhimidae which occurs in wetlands of tropical South America. There are three screamer species the other two being the Southern Screamer and the Northern Screamer in the genus Chauna.They are related to the ducks geese and swans which are in the family Anatidae but have bills looking more like those of game birds.
 Letis is a genus of moths formerly of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g. Tree of Life Web Project).
 The Olive Flyrobin (Microeca flavovirescens) is a species of bird in the Petroicidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Grey-chested Jungle Flycatcher (Rhinomyias umbratilis) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Thailand. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tomoxia maculicollis is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Lea in 1902.
 Spilarctia owgarra is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1908. It is found in New Guinea. The habitat consists of mountainous areas.
 Clea fusca is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks most of which are marine.
 Silphidae is a family of beetles that are known commonly as large carrion beetles carrion beetles or burying beetles. There are two subfamilies: Silphinae and Nicrophorinae. Nicrophorines are sometimes known as sexton beetles. The number of species is relatively small and around two hundred. They are more diverse in the temperate region although a few tropical endemics are known. Both families feed on decaying organic matter such as dead animals.
 The Sapito Recordatorio (Eleutherodactylus memorans) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Paratemelia is a genus of gelechioid moths. In the systematic layout used here it is placed in the subfamily Amphisbatinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Delimitation of Amphisbatinae versus the close relatives Depressariinae and Oecophorinae is a major problem of Gelechioidea taxonomy and systematics and some authors separate the former two as full-blown families and/or include the Amphisbatinae in Depressariinae (or Depressariidae) or merge them in the Oecophorinae outright.
 Dalla dividuum is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Eucosma suomiana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Sweden through Finland and the Baltic region to northern Russia.The wingspan is 10–17 mm.
 Apophthisis pullata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Ohio).The larvae feed on Rhamnus lanceolata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is linear at first but gradually broadens into an irregular blotch and occupying about 1/4 of the leaf area.
 Pholidoptera is a genus of bush-cricket belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae.
 The Great Myna (Acridotheres grandis) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family. It is found in northeast India through southeast Asia.
 The Sado shrew (Sorex sadonis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Japan.
 Cephalosdrophus marinae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Cephalosdrophus.
 The Long-billed Wren-Babbler (Rimator malacoptilus) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Bhutan India and southern China.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hilarographa buruana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Buru Ambon Island and possibly Sanguir.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange with a slight brownish admixture consisting of basal streaks and transverse lines. The hindwings are brown.
 †Heterosubulitidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
 Nymphonia zaleuca is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Graceful Sun-Moth (Synemon gratiosa) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Western Australia from Namburg National Park in the north to Mandurah in the south.The wingspan is 25–35 mm. The upper surface of the forewings is dark grey-black with obscure light grey markings while the upper surface of the hindwings and the undersides of both wings are bright orange with some darker grey-black bands.Adults are on wing in autumn.
 Coenaculum is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Odostomia loomisi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Masoreus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) the Near East and North Africa. It contains the following species: Masoreus aegyptiacus Dejean 1821 Masoreus affinis Chaudoir 1843 Masoreus alticola Wollaston 1864 Masoreus grandis Zimmermann 1834 Masoreus orientalis Dejean 1828 Masoreus saharensis Mateu 1984 Masoreus wetterhallii Gyllenhal 1813↑
 Eriostepta nigripuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1918 originally under the genus Araeomolis. It is found in French Guyana Peru and Bolivia.
 Chlorhoda superba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Tenebrincola is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae. It is a Western Pacific abyssal genus which is defined by a very thin smooth shell a radula of the fulgorarid type and the presence of an operculum. Its phylogenetic relationship with the Asian fulgorarids needs to be clarified.
 Trochulus montanus is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Gigantorhynchus is a genus of parasitic worm from the family Gigantorhynchida.Contains the following species:Gigantorhynchus echinodiscus (Diesing 1851)Gigantorhynchus lopezneyrai Diaz-ungria 1958Gigantorhynchus lutzi Machado 1941Gigantorhynchus ortizi Sarmiento 1954Gigantorhynchus pasteri Tadros 1966Gigantorhynchus ungriai Antonio 1958↑
 Sinthusa makikoae [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. Forewing length:12-13mm. A very rare species it is endemic to Borneo and found only in Sabah (North Borneo).
 Tricholita is a genus of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 The Mindoro Imperial Pigeon (Ducula mindorensis) is a bird species in the family Columbidae. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.It was formerly classified as a Vulnerable species by the IUCN. But new research has shown it to be rarer than it was believed. Consequently it is uplisted to Endangered status in 2008.
 The Canadian Sphinx (Sphinx canadensis) is a member of the family Sphingidae that is found the Northeastern United States and as north as Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.The adult's wingspan is between 70 and 85 mm. It is often confused with the Hermit Sphinx (Sphinx eremitus) throughout their overlaying areas but unlike S. eremitus it has no white spot. The forewing of this species is gray-brown with black streaks along the veins interrupted by white lines along the outer margin.
 Conus regonae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The hedgehog seahorse (Hippocampus spinosissimus) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family. It is found in Australia Indonesia Malaysia the Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is coral reefs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Batella is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Clarkichthys bilineatus the Flagtail wormfish is a species of wormfish native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Mexico to Colombia as well as the Galapagos Islands. It is an inhabitant of tide pools and reefs being found down to a depth of about 8 metres (26 ft). This species grows to a length of 6.2 centimetres (2.4 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Proceratiinae are a subfamily of ants in the poneromorph subfamilies group with three extant genera of which most are tropical or subtropical although overall distribution is worldwide.
 Acrolophus sarista is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Coleophora saratovi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in the lower Volga area in southern Russia.The larvae feed on Kochia prostrata.
 Lepidochrysops ringa Tite’s Giant Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern Nigeria and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of Guinea savanna.
 Dactyloscopus tridigitatus the Sand stargazer is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coasts of the Americas from Florida USA to Brazil as well as in the Caribbean Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. It is found in sandy areas around reefs at depths of from 0 to 29 metres (0 to 95 ft). It is an ambush predator burying itself nearly completely in the sand and attacking prey animals that happen by. It can reach a maximum length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL.
 Forty Niner (foaled May 11 1985 in Kentucky) is an American champion thoroughbred racehorse.
 Mipus vicdani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Wood Harrier or Mime Harrier (Circus dossenus) is an extinct bird of prey which lived in Hawaii during the Holocene. This rather small species of harrier with short wings which inhabited the forests of Molokai and Oahu where it presumably hunted for small birds and insects.
 Pusiola fageli is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1954. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Hyposmocoma chilonella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Maui Molokai and Hawaii.The larvae of the nominate subspecies are whitish and feed on Acacia koa Aleurites moluccana Cheirodendron gaudichaudii Coprosma foliosa and other Coprosma species Metrosideros Pipturus Rubus hawaiiensis and Smilax sandwicensis. They bore in dead wood or pith. The larvae of subspecies percondita probably feed on dead wood. Larvae ssp.
 Amoria benthalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Mexican Silverspot (Dione moneta) is a species of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae found from southern USA to South America.
 Saurida pseudotumbil is a species of lizard fish that lives primarily off the coast of India.
 Paragastrioceratidae is one of eleven families of the Neoicocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Parapagetia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Harttia uatumensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Uatumã River basin. This species grows to a length of 11.9 centimetres (4.7 in) SL.
 Stomphastis mixograpta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Ancilla testudae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Ferruginous Duck also Ferruginous Pochard (Aythya nyroca) is a medium-sized diving duck from Eurasia. The species is known colloquially by birders as Fudge Duck.Their breeding habitat is marshes and lakes with a metre or more water depth. These ducks breed in southern and eastern Europe and southern and western Asia. They are somewhat migratory and winter farther south and into north Africa.The adult male is a rich chestnut colour with a darker back and a yellow eye.
 Mike Fox (foaled 2004 in Caledon Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the upset winner of Canada's most prestigious race the Queen's Plate in 2007.In winning the Queen's Plate aboard Mike Fox jockey Emma-Jayne Wilson became the first female rider to ever win the race in its one hundred and forty eight runnings.
 Histeroidea is a superfamily of beetles in the infraorder Staphyliniformia.
 Eucordylea was a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae it is now considered a synonym of Coleotechnites.
 Splendrillia wayae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Aularches miliaris is a colorful grasshopper belonging to the family Pyrgomorphidae found in South and Southeast Asia. The bright warning colours keep away predators and their defence when disturbed includes the ejection of a toxic foam.The insect has been called by a variety of names including Coffee locust Ghost Grasshopper Northern Spotted Grasshopper or Foam Grasshopper and enjoys some popularity as a pet insect.
 The Armitage's Cylindrical Skink (Chalcides armitagei) is a species of skink that lives in Gambia.
 Percichthys is a genus of temperate perches native to freshwater habitats in Argentina and Chile.
 Hyposmocoma advena is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Molokai.
 Paulianites nidicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paulianites.
 Sinoeugnathus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Truebella is a genus of true toads native to Peru at Ayacucho and Junín regions.
 Anthidium is a genus of bees often called mason or potter bees who use conifer resin plant hairs mud or a mix of them to build nests. They are in the family Megachilidae which is cosmopolitan in distribution and made up of species that are mostly solitary bees with pollen-carrying scopea that are only located on the ventral surface of the abdomen. Other bee families have the pollen-carrying structures on the hind legs.
 Plekocheilus distortus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
 Endotricha hemicausta is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in northern Australia.
 Scopula punctatissima is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Cretodytes latipes is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Cretodytes.
 Stigmella protosema is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).
 Mylothris knoopi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 Blanford's Fruit Bat (Sphaerias blanfordi) is a mountain species of megabat. The only recording of it was from the Doi Suthep-Pui National Park in Chiengmai Thailand. According to Lekagul and McNeely (1977) the species is confined to the Thai-Burmese border Uttar Pradesh in India and eastern Nepal.
 Eudromia is a genus of birds in the tinamou family. This genus comprises two crested members of this South American family.
 The African threadfish Alectis alexandrina (also known as the Alexandria pompano) is a species of large marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed along the coast of tropical Africa in the eastern Atlantic Ocean extending to the Mediterranean Sea. Adults live predominantly in shallow waters shallower than 70 m deep often forming small schools.
 The silvery marmoset (Mico argentatus) is a New World monkey that lives in the eastern Amazon Rainforest in Brazil.The fur of the silvery marmoset is colored whitish silver-grey except for a dark tail. Remarkable are its naked flesh-colored ears which stand out from the skin. They reach a size of 18 to 28 cm (7.1 to 11.0 in) and weigh from 300 to 400 g (11 to 14 oz).Silvery marmosets are diurnal and arboreal using their claws to climb trees.
 Secusio strigata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Somalia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Yemen Zambia and India.
 Lachnocnema sosia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya the Democratic Republic of Congo and northern Tanzania.
 Philiris albihumerata is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-western West Irian (Snow Mountains).
 Calliostoma sublaeve is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Abrothrix olivaceus markhami also known as the Wellington Akodont or Markham's Grass Mouse is a subspecies of the South American rodent Abrothrix olivaceus. It occurs on Wellington Island and the nearby Southern Patagonian Ice Field in southern Chile. It was previously recognized as a valid species but is close to other recognized subspecies of A. olivaceus.
 Lepetodrilus fucensis is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Theotinus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Martinsellus signatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Martinsellus.
 Colias staudingeri is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan Tadzhikistan and Uzbekistan. The habitat consists of alpine meadows at altitudes between 2000 and 3900 meters.Adults are on wing from June to July.
 Catocala hippolyta or Catocala semirelicta hippolyta is a subspecies of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 72-76 mm. Adults are on wing from June to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus species.
 The Ceratitaceae is a superfamily in the ammonoid cephalopod order Ceratitida characterised in general by highly ornamented or tuberculate shells with ceratitic sutures that may become goniatitic or ammonitic s some offshoots. (Arkell et al. 1962)
 Elachista stictifica is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is 9.2-10.2 mm for males and 9.2-9.8 mm for females.
 Ngamalacinus timmulvaneyi lived during the early Miocene and has been found in Riversleigh.N. timmulvaneyi was a carnivorous quadrupedal marsupial in Australia. In appearance it resembled a dog with a long snout. Its molar teeth were specialized for carnivory the cups and crest were reduced or elongated to give the molars a cutting blade.
 Dichocrocis pardalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.It has a wingspan of 30-40mm.
 Crescenti cutthroat trout (a hypercorrection) or Lake Crescent cutthroat trout (a more literal translation of the scientific name Oncorhynchus clarki clarki f. crescentii) is a local form (f. loc.) of Coastal cutthroat trout isolated in Lake Crescent in Washington and is not currently recognized as an official subspecies (Behnke 1992). However the cutthroat trout of Lake Crescent do remain distinct with the highest known gill raker and vertebrae counts of any coastal cutthroat population.
 Ochthera is a genus of flies in the family of Shore flies. The genus is distinctive because of the swollen raptorial forelegs. The larvae are predaceous on midge larvae while the adults feed on midges and mosquitoes. The genus is found around the world with about 37 species. The species Ochthera chalybescens has been shown to prey on African malaria vectors .
 The Andaman Palmking Amathusia andamanensis Frühstorfer 1899 is an endemic butterfly found in India that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family. The Andaman Palmking was earlier considered as a subspecies of the Palmking' i.e. Amathusia phidippus andamanica Frühstorfer.
 Arta calidalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Arta. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Guatemala and Paraguay.
 The Saginae are the Predatory Katydids or Predatory Bush-crickets a Subfamily of the Family Tettigoniidae (the Katydids long-horned grasshoppers or bush-crickets). The Saginae are specialist carnivores which is unusual among the Orthoptera.
 Coleophora biskraensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria and Egypt.
 Synchortus is a genus of beetles in the family Noteridae containing the following species: Synchortus abditus Guignot 1959 Synchortus asperatus (Fairmaire 1869) Synchortus dabbenei Régimbart 1895 Synchortus desaegeri Gschwendtner 1935 Synchortus imbricatus (Klug 1853) Synchortus leleupi Guignot 1956 Synchortus rugosopunctatus (Wehncke 1876) Synchortus separatus Omer-Cooper 1972 Synchortus simplex Sharp 1882↑
 Diachorisia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Laetifautor spinulosum common name the spine top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Spirotropis remota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Apamea auranticolor is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found throughout western North America.The wingspan is about 36 mm.
 Coleophora ossaedeaga is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.
 Strumigenys liukueiensis is a species of ant endemic to Taiwan.This ant is similar to Strumigenys solifontis but can be identified by the abundant hairs on the head and mesosoma. The only similarly hairy Strumigenys ant found in Taiwan is S. lichiaensis which is much smaller than S. liukueiensis.
 Odostomia coronadoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Diglyphomorphomyia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Jodis inumbrata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Bhutan and Taiwan.
 Rhipaeosauridae was a family of Procolophonids from the Permian time period.
 Haplochromis perrieri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may now be extinct. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) SL.
 Acutimitoceras is a genus belonging to the Acutimitoceratinae subfamily of the Prionoceratidae family a member of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Agonum chalconotum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Great Britain Latvia Russia and Near East. It is also can be found in Afghanistan China Turkey and all of the Central Asian republics (except for Azerbaijan).
 Euhadra sadoensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is found in Japan.
 Trochomorpha melvillensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Trochomorphidae.This species is endemic to Australia.
 Ctenoplusia furcifera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-east Asia and the Pacific including India Taiwan Australia and New Guinea.
 Stictotarsus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Stictotarsus aequinoctialis (Clark 1862) Stictotarsus alpestris Dutton & Angus 2007 Stictotarsus bertrandi (Legros 1956) Stictotarsus coelamboides (Fall 1923) Stictotarsus corvinus (Sharp 1887) Stictotarsus creticus Dutton & Angus 2007 Stictotarsus decemsignatus (Clark 1862) Stictotarsus deceptus (Fall 1932) Stictotarsus dolerosus (Leech 1945) Stictotarsus duodecimpustulatus (Fabricius 1792) Stictotarsus emmerichi (Falkenström 1936) Stictotarsus eximius (Motschulsky 1859) Stictotarsus expositus (Fall 1923) Stictotarsus falli Nilsson 2001 Stictotarsus funereus (Crotch 1873) Stictotarsus grammicus (Sharp 1887) Stictotarsus griseostriatus (De Geer 1774) Stictotarsus ibericus Dutton & Angus 2007 Stictotarsus inexpectatus Dutton & Angus 2007 Stictotarsus interjectus (Sharp 1882) Stictotarsus macedonicus (Guéorguiev 1959) Stictotarsus maghrebinus Mazzoldi & Toledo 1998 Stictotarsus minax (Zimmerman 1982) Stictotarsus minipi (Larson 1991) Stictotarsus multilineatus (Falkenström 1922) Stictotarsus neomexicanus (Zimmerman & A.H.Smith 1975) Stictotarsus opaculus (Sharp 1882) Stictotarsus panaminti (Fall 1923) Stictotarsus procerus (Aubé 1838) Stictotarsus riberae Dutton & Angus 2007 Stictotarsus roffii (Clark 1862) Stictotarsus spectabilis (Zimmerman 1982) Stictotarsus spenceri (Leech 1945) Stictotarsus striatellus (LeConte 1852) Stictotarsus titulus (Leech 1945)↑
 Trivia is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Triviidae the trivias.These are known in Britain as cowries. The shell of these species does superficially resemble the shell of a very small cowry but Trivia species are not very closely related to true cowries.
 Callidula propinqua is a moth in the Callidulidae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Porosalvania decipiens is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Dusky Large Blue (Phengaris nausithous) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Armenia Austria Azerbaijan Belarus Bulgaria Czech Republic France Georgia Germany Hungary Kazakhstan Moldova Montenegro Poland Romania Russia Serbia Slovenia Spain Switzerland and Ukraine.Life cycle of this species is strongly related to Sanguisorba officinalis (Great Burnet).
 Chimaerosphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Airbreathing catfishes are fishes comprising the family Clariidae of order Siluriformes. There are about 14 genera and 100 species of clariids. All the clariids are freshwater species.
 Utetheisa inconstans is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1880. It is found in Japan (Tokunoshima Okinawa Iriomote Minami) and Taiwan.
 Eilenodon is a Late Jurassic genus of sphenodont reptile from the Morrison Formation of western North America present in stratigraphic zone 4.
 Udara selma is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South-east Asia.
 The striated surgeonfish Ctenochaetus striatus is a species of marine fish in the family Acanthuridae.The striated surgeonfish can reach a maximum size of 24 cm in length but its common size is observed to be around 18 cm.The striated surgeonfish is one of the few herbivorous fishes which are occasionally toxic. Ciguatera poisoning is caused by the accumulation of a toxin produced by certain microscopic dinoflagellates which it ingests while feeding on algae.
 Polyptychoides mbarikensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Mbaraki Mountains in the Morogoro Province of Tanzania.
 Coleophora azishtella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Russia.
 The patas monkey (Erythrocebus patas) also known as the Wadi monkey or Hussar monkey is a ground-dwelling monkey distributed over semi-arid areas of West Africa and into East Africa. It is the only species classified in the genus Erythrocebus. Recent phylogenetic evidence[citation needed] indicates that it is the closest relative of the vervet monkey (Chlorocebus aethiops) suggesting nomenclatural revision.
 Neasura apicalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Singapore.
 Pinheiro's Slender Opossum Marmosops pinheiroi is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Brazil French Guyana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.
 Aphomia vinotincta is a species of snout moths in the genus Aphomia. It was described by Hampson in 1908 and is known from Sri Lanka and India.
 Cephalouterina decamptodoni is a species of trematode within the family Lecithodendriidae under the order Plagiorchiida. This species is sometimes known to use amphibian hosts.C. decamptodoni has been isolated within the amphibian host Rough-skinned Newt in British Columbia.
 Caryocolum oculatella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Austria and Switzerland.The length of the forewings is 5-5.5 mm. The forewings are dark brown to blackish but the dorsal margin is lighter and speckled brown. Adults have been recorded on wing from late June to early July.The larvae feed on Gypsophila repens. They feed between spun terminal shoots.
 Notophthiracarus is a genus of mites in the family Steganacaridae.
 The Grand Wash springsnail scientific name Pyrgulopsis bacchus is a species of minute freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.This species is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss. Grand Wash is a slot canyon in Capitol Reef National Park which is in the State of Utah. [1]
 Caseolus calculus (Common name : Madeiran land snail) is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Saddle-billed Stork (Ephippiorhynchus senegalensis) is a large wading bird in the stork family Ciconiidae. It is a widespread species which is a resident breeder in sub-Saharan Africa from Sudan Ethiopia and Kenya south to South Africa and in The Gambia Senegal Côte d'Ivoire and Chad in west Africa.This is a close relative of the widespread Asian Black-necked Stork the only other member of the genus Ephippiorhynchus.
 Nomophila corticalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from Christmas Island and most of Australia including the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia and Victoria.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have wings with variable brown splotches.The larvae have been reared on leaves of Fabaceae Asteraceae and Polygonaceae species. Young larvae are gregarious living in a nest of leaves joined with silk.
 Acrobasis alexandra is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Roesler and Küppers in 1981. It is found on Sumatra.
 Cephalotes basalis is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Olambala (1906-1935) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred in Tennessee by John G. Greener his British-born sire Ornus a son of Bend Or a two-time leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland was imported to stand at stud in the United States. Olambala's dam was Blue and White a daughter of the 1885 leading sire in North America Virgil.Owned by Richard Thornton Wilson Jr. and raced under the name of his Montpelier Stable Olambala was conditioned for racing by future U.S.
 Proragrotis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Dichagyris.
 Naenia is also an alternate spelling for the ancient goddess Nenia DeaNaenia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.[citation needed]
 Jason mirabilis is a species of sea slug or more precisely an aeolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
 The Chilean round stingray Urobatis marmoratus is a species of round ray family Urolophidae. Virtually nothing is known about it as it is only known from a single specimen described by Rodolfo Amando Philippi in 1893. The specimen measured 38.5 cm long and was collected off Quintero Chile. It had the nearly circular pectoral fin disc typical of the round rays with the front margins straight.
 Rhodoprasina winbrechlini is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from northern Vietnam and southern Yunnan in China.Adult males have long antennae. The forewings are green with a faint blue tint. There is a red area on the hindwing upperside which does not extend beyond the median line. The distal half of the wing is greenish.Adults are on wing in early March in northern Vietnam and early April in Yunnan.
 The Black-eared Fairy (Heliothryx auritus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in tropical forests in South America.
 The Poplar shoot-borer (Gypsonoma aceriana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe to Russia eastern Turkey and Iraq. It is also present in North Africa.The wingspan is 13–15 mm. Adults are on wing in July. In Japan there are two to three generations per year (in June July and August).The larvae feed on Populus nigra Populus nigra subsp. italica Populus alba Populus balsamifera Acer platanoides and Acer campestre.
 Coelotrochus chathamensis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae the top snails or top shells.Subspecies Coelotrochus chathamensis aucklandica (E.A. Smith 1902) Coelotrochus chathamensis chathamensis Hutton 1873 Coelotrochus chathamensis profunda Dell 1956↑
 Acrocercops obscurella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Childia is a genus of acoelomorph worms. It is the only genus in the family Childiidae.
 Agylla fasciculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Venezuela.
 Kupea is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Umbetoceras is a genus belonging to the goniatitid superfamily Gastriocerataceae and family Homoceratidae from the Carboniferous of the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan. The shell of Umbetoceras is involute in the adult with an evolute early stage and moderately wide umbilucus. Sculpture consists of strong riblets on intermediate stages with tubercles present on umbilical shoulder. The suture has a wide double pronged ventral lobe with a median saddle that exceeds two thirds its height.
 Hodgesiella rebeli is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Italy Croatia Hungary Romania the Republic of Macedonia Albania and Greece.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is black with three white lines. The hindwings are whitish grey.The larvae feed on Convolvulus althaeoides Convolvulus althaeoides tenuissimus and Convolvulus cantabrica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ischnochiton maorianus is a species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.
 Herpolasia is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 Otodus is an extinct mackerel shark which lived during the Paleocene and Eocene epochs approximately 60 to 45 million years ago.
 Naso tonganus is a tropical fish found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It is commonly known as the bulbnose unicornfish hump-nosed unicornfish humphead unicornfish or the humpnose unicorn. It is of value in commercial fisheries.
 Apterocerina argentea is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Apterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Prionomelia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mordellistena cinnamomea is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1870 by Fahraeus.
 Comitas chuni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Phalagnostus is a genus of small trilobites in the order Agnostida. It lived during the Middle Cambrian in what are now Canada (Newfoundland and Northwest Territories) China the Czech Republic Denmark England France the Russian Federation (Bennett Island Yakutia) Wales Sweden and possibly the United States (Vermont). The headshield (or cephalon) is almost entirely effaced and wider than the tailshield (or pygidium).
 The Crimson-backed Sunbird or Small Sunbird (Leptocoma minima) is a sunbird endemic to the Western Ghats of India. Like other sunbirds they feed mainly on nectar although they take insects especially to feed their young. They are tiny birds that are resident and are found in forests but are particularly attracted to gardens at the edge of the forest where people grow suitable flower bearing plants. They usually perch while taking nectar.
 The Common Treebrown Lethe rohria is a species of Satyrine butterfly found in Asia.
 Eulophomorpha is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Desmopuntius trifasciatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Indonesia where it can be found in dark slowly flowing blackwater rivers. This species can reach a length of 9.6 centimetres (3.8 in) SL.
 Cnephasitis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Odozana roseiceps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found in Peru.
 Ochrota nyassa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Malawi.
 Paralepidosteus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Albian to the Campanian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Bustylus is an extinct genus of eutherians in the family Adapisoriculidae. It was described by Emmanuel Gheerbrandt and Russell in 1991 and the type species is B. cernaysi described from the late Paleocene of Cernay France (from which the species epithet was derived) and possibly also from Walbeck Germany. Gheerbrandt later redescribed the species Peradectes marandati (Crochet and Sigé 1983) as a species of Bustylus. A third species B.
 Micropterix constantinella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Heath in 1986. It is only known from Algeria whee it has been found near Skikda.
 The Mauritius Kestrel (Falco punctatus) is a bird of prey from the family Falconidae endemic to the forests of Mauritius where it is restricted to the southwestern plateau's forests cliffs and ravines. It is the most distinct of the Indian Ocean kestrels. It colonized its island home to evolve into a distinct species probably during the Gelasian (Late Pliocene).It is the most distant living species among the western Indian Ocean kestrels (Groombridge et al. 2002 qv Réunion Kestrel).
 Eicochrysops dudgeoni Dudgeon’s Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea (Nimba Mountains) Sierra Leone Ghana northern Nigeria northern Cameroon. The habitat consists of Guinea savanna.Males mud-puddle and both sexes are attracted to flowers.
 Ceroprepes ophthalmicella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Christoph in 1881 and is known from the Russian Far East Japan Korea China and Taiwan.The wingspan is 20–27 mm.
 Tmetolophota sulcana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Fereday in 1880. It is found in New Zealand.
 Lamnidae is a family of sharks commonly known as mackerel sharks or white sharks. They are large fast-swimming sharks found in oceans worldwide.These sharks have pointed snouts spindle-shaped bodies and large gill openings. The first dorsal fin is large high stiff and angular or somewhat rounded. The second dorsal and anal fins are minute. The caudal peduncle has a couple or less distinct keels. The teeth are gigantic.
 Quentalia vittata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Brazil.
 Atomoclostis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Quentalia veca is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Druce in 1887. It is found in Panama.
 Amphigonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Genidens is a genus of sea catfishes found along the Atlantic coast of South America. There are currently four recognized species in this genus.
 The Dongola gerbil  Gerbillus dongolanus is a gerbil distributed mainly in Dongola Sudan.
 Eugynolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Balanus improvisus the bay barnacle is a species of acorn barnacle in the family Balanidae.
 Gofasia vanderlandi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Pseudocossus olsoufieffae is a moth in the Cossidae family. It was described by Yakovlev in 2011. It is found in Madagascar.
 Fabresema valeriae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Pyrenaearia organiaca is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 Tymbophora peltastis is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 The Cuban Bullfinch (Melopyrrha nigra) is a songbird species of the monotypic genus Melopyrrha.[citation needed] Sometimes classified in the bunting and American sparrow family (Emberizidae) more recent studies have shown it to be part of the tanager family (Thraupidae). Therein it belongs to the lineage of tholospizan finches which also includes the famous Darwin's finches.It is found in the Cayman Islands there only on Grand Cayman and Cuba.
 Scorpionyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The Pediciidae or hairy-eyed craneflies are a family of flies closely related to true crane flies with about 500 species worldwide.
 Triple Bend (1968-1995) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who set a world record time of 119.80 for seven furlongs on dirt in winning the 1972 Los Angeles Handicap. [1]
 Peronomerus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Peronomerus auripilis Bates 1883 Peronomerus fumatus Schaum 1854 Peronomerus hornabrooki Darlington 1971 Peronomerus nigrinus Bates 1873 Peronomerus sagitticollis Louwerens 1954 Peronomerus xanthopus Andrewes 1936↑
 Carposina tanaoptera is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Turner in 1947. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Tasmania.
 Gray Cat Snake or Eyed Cat Snake (Boiga ocellata) is a species of snake found in northwest Malaysia Thailand Cambodia Vietnam Myanmar Bangladesh and India (in Arunachal Pradesh Miao - Changlang district and Chessa - Papum Pare district).
 Ectropina acidula is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Bihar).The wingspan is 6-6.2 mm.The larvae feed on Phyllanthus emblica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Anguidae is the name of a large and diverse family of lizards native to the Northern Hemisphere. The group includes the slowworms glass lizards and alligator lizards among others. The family is divided into three subfamilies and contains 94 species in eight genera.
 Dipteropeltis hirundo is a little-known species of fish louse. It is an ectoparasite of fish in South America including piranhas and Pseudoplatystoma fasciatum.
 Nemophora parvella is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from the Republic of Congo and Sierra Leone.
 Common names: (none).Melanophidium is a genus of nonvenomous shield tail snakes endemic to southern India. Currently three species are recognized.
 Arla tenuicornis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from Washington to California.The wingspan is 17-23 mm. The forewings are luteous profusely irrorated with fuscous the surface of the wing appearing dull light brown. There are three fuscous spots. The hindwings are fuscous.
 Niveotectura is a genus of sea snails the true limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lottiidae.
 Proetida is an order of trilobite that lived from the Ordovician to the Permian. It was the last order of trilobite to go extinct finally dying out in the Permian extinction.These typically small trilobites resemble those of the order Ptychopariida from which the new order Proetida was only recently separated in 1975 by Fortey and Owens. Like the order Phacopida the proetids have exoskeletons that sometime have pits or small tubercles especially on the glabella (middle portion of the head).
 Eudonia ianthes is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Lanai and Hawaii.
 The California kangaroo rat Dipodomys californicus. is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.DistributionThe California kangaroo rat is endemic to the Western United States found in Northern California and southern Oregon. Habitats include the (U.S.) Its distribution is from the Sierra Nevada foothills to Suisun Bay and northwards in the California Coast Ranges to the foothills of the Cascade Mountains.
 Heliactinidia chiguinda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 Luxiaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Euxesta schineri is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 The southern short-tailed shrew (Blarina carolinensis) is a small gray short-tailed mammal that inhabits the eastern United States. The overall appearance is somewhat like a rodent but is a member of the order Soricomorpha and should not be confused with a member of the order Rodentia. This shrew has a long pointed snout and ears that are nearly concealed by its soft dense fur.
 The Giant Leopard Moth or Eyed Tiger Moth (Hypercompe scribonia) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is distributed throughout the Southern and Eastern United States from New England to Mexico. The obsolete name Ecpantheria scribonia is still occasionally encountered.This species has a wingspan of 3 inches (nearly 8 cm). The wings of this moth are bright white with a pattern of neat black blotches some solid and some hollow.
 Damias biagi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Eilema flavicosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Assam) and Borneo.
 Brachylomia thula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia to southern Oregon in and west of the Cascade Range.
 Lygosoma pruthi is a species of skink found in South India.
 Pseudocumatidae are a family of crustaceans of the order Cumacea.
 Thrincophora leucotorna is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Camponotus triodiae sometimes called the spinifex ant (a name more commonly used for Ochetellus flavipes) is a species of ant found in Australia originally discovered in northern South Australia. The ants' nests have a distinctive entrance created from a combination of a long tube of spinifex grass and red outback soil.
 Cylindroiulus is a genus of millipedes of the Julidae family.
 The Drab Condylolomia Moth (Condylolomia participalis) is a species of snout moth in the genus Condylolomia. It was described by Grote in 1873. It is found in eastern North America from southern Quebec to North Carolina west to Nebraska and Minnesota.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. The forewings are dull yellowish-brown or grey sometimes suffused with red or pinkish-purple. The hindwings are brownish-grey with a thin dark terminal line.
 Bifascioides sindonia is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found on the Seychelles.
 Lygephila kishidai is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The length of the forewings is about 18 mm. The forewings are greyish brown but the costal area is somewhat darker. The hindwings are also greyish brown but slightly paler than the forewings.
 Evius hippia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stoll in 1790. It is found in Mexico Panama Trinidad French Guiana Colombia Surinam Venezuela and Brazil.
 Thaumetopoea solitaria is a moth of the Thaumetopoeidae family. It is found in Anatolia (including Turkey) on Cyprus east to Syria Israel Lebanon Iraq and Iran.The wingspan is 20–28 mm for males and 25–35 mm for females. The moths are on wing from August to September.The larvae feed on Pistacia therebinthus Cupressus sempervirens and Fraxinus.
 Sarcophilus laniarius is an extinct species of large tasmanian devil. Richard Owen originally called the specimen on which the genus was based Dasyurus laniarus.Fossil deposits in limestone caves at Naracoorte South Australia dating to the Miocene include specimens of S. laniarius which were around 15% larger and 50% heavier than modern devils. Older specimens believed to be 50–70000 years old were found in Darling Downs in Queensland and in Western Australia.
 The Black Vulture (Coragyps atratus) also known as the American Black Vulture is a bird in the New World vulture family whose range extends from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America. Although a common and widespread species it has a somewhat more restricted distribution than its compatriot the Turkey Vulture which breeds well into Canada and south to Tierra del Fuego.
 Triplophysa obtusirostra is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Eugnosta synaetera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina Goias).
 The Spotted Flat Lizard is a lizard in the Cordylidae family. It lives in Mozambique. The Spotted Flat Lizard has two subspecies P. m. maculatus and P. m. linecauda. Both were discovered in 1965.
 Terebra sterigmoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Aethra is a genus of crabs in the family Aethridae containing the following species: Aethra edentata Edmondson 1951 Aethra scruposa (Linnaeus 1764) Aethra scutata Smith 1869 Aethra seychellensis Takeda 1975↑
 Gander (born in 1996) is a thoroughbred race horse by Cormorant (who won eight of his twelve starts) out of Lovely Nurse (a hard-knocker who made one hundred and one starts) by Sawbones. His pedigree includes the top British horse Ribot as well as Tom Fool Count Fleet Bimelech Eight Thirty Noor and Hyperion.Gander is New York-bred and spent almost his entire racing career of 60 starts in and around New York and New England.
 Arctoidea is an infraorder of extinct and extant mostly carnivorous mammals which include the extinct group Hemicyonidae (dog-bears) and extant groups Musteloidea (weasels) Pinnipedia (seals sea lions) and Ursidae (bears) found in all continents from the Eocene 46 million years ago ago to the present.
 The Queensland school mackerel Scomberomorus queenslandicus is a species of fish in the family Scombridae. It is found in tropical waters of the western Pacific largely confined to inshore coastal waters of southern Papua New Guinea and northern and eastern Australia from Shark Bay and Onslow Western Australia to Sydney New South Wales. Queensland school mackerel commonly occur in waters down to 100 m usually to 30 m in depth.
 Calyce fulva is a species of beetle in the Calyce genus. It was discovered in 1891.
 The Swallow-tailed Gull (Creagrus furcatus) is an equatorial seabird in the gull family Laridae. It is the only species in the genus Creagrus which derives from the Latin Creagra and the Greek kreourgos which means butcher also from kreas meat; according to Jobling it would mean hook for meat referring to the hooked bill of this species. It was first described by French naturalist and surgeon Adolphe-Simon Neboux in 1846.
 Greenhall's dog-faced bat (Cynomops greenhalli) is a South American bat species of the family Molossidae. It is found in Colombia Peru Ecuador Venezuela the Guianas northeastern Brazil and Trinidad.It is an insect-eating bat 40–97 mm in length. Yellowish brown to black above grey underneath it is broad-faced with widely separated eyes. Its ears areshort and rounded; the antitragus is square; its lips arenot wrinkled; it has a broad snout. Mostly it is found at low elevations.
 Mourecochylis limenarchis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Dionaea is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Pallid Atlantic Forest Rat Delomys sublineatus is a rodent species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Parasitengona is a group of mites ranked as a cohort between the taxonomic rank of order and family.
 Xenodermus is a genus of colubroid snakes. It is a monotypic genus containing only Xenodermus javanicus also known as the Dragonsnake Javan Tubercle Snake Javan Mudsnake or Rough-backed Litter Snake. It is considered to be rare. The snake is fully nocturnal and subsists on a diet of frogs. Their natural range is Thailand Burma and Indonesia.
 The Snowy Owl (Bubo scandiacus) is a large owl of the typical owl family Strigidae. It was first classified in 1758 by Carolus Linnaeus.Until recently it was regarded as the sole member of a distinct genus as Nyctea scandiaca but mtDNA cytochrome b sequence data (Olsen et al. 2002) shows that it is very closely related to the horned owls in the genus Bubo. However some authorities debate this classification still preferring Nyctea.
 Dysschema viuda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from Costa Rica to Ecuador.
 Tanea undulata common name the necklace shell is a species of medium-sized sea snail a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the Family Naticidae the moon snails or necklace shells.
 Saturnia pyri the Giant Peacock Moth is a Saturniid moth which is native to Europe. It is the largest European Moth and is also called as the Great Peacock Moth Giant Emperor Moth or Viennese Emperor. In French it is called Grand paon de nuit.
 Schistura carletoni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Leptodactylus spixi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Coleophora dianthivora is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Spain and Italy.The larvae feed on Dianthus species. They create a greyish brown trivalved tubular silken case with a mouth angle of 30-35°. There are vague greyish length lines and the surface is dusty. Full-grown larvae can be found in May.
 The White-throated Caracara (Phalcoboenus albogularis) is a species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family. It is found in grasslands and other barren habitats in the Andes of southern Chile and Argentina. It is generally uncommon to fairly common. A highly opportunistic bird commonly seen walking on the ground it will feed on both carrion and virtually any small animal it can catch.
 The Horned Coot (Fulica cornuta) is a species of bird found in the Andes of South America. It was described by Bonaparte in 1853 based on a specimen collected in Bolivia. For a long time it was known only from the type specimen.
 Monstrotyphis singularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Long-tailed Sibia (Heterophasia picaoides) is a species of Leiothrichidae from South East Asia. The species was once placed in the large family Timaliidae but that family is sometimes split with this species being placed with the laughingthrushes in the family Leiothrichidae. The species is sometimes treated as the only species in the genus Heterophasia with the other species being placed in the genus Malacias.
 Chiloglanis carnosus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in rapids of the lower Congo River. This species grows to a length of 6.1 centimetres (2.4 in) TL.
 Eburia bimaculata is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found in Antigua and Barbuda.
 The Chocolate Royal  Remelana jangala is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Ortalis cana is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Cerithium novaehollandiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Ceritoturris is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Crassispirinae Turridae.
 Ambesa laetella is a species of snout moth. It is found in North America.
 The Pied Kingfisher (Ceryle rudis) is a water kingfisher and is found widely distributed across Africa and Asia. Their black and white plumage crest and the habit of hovering over clear lakes and rivers before diving for fish makes it distinctive. Males have a double band across the breast while females have a single gorget that is often broken in the middle. They are usually found in pairs or small family parties. When perched they often bob their head and flick up their tail.
 The Eoderoceratidae is the ancestral and most primitive family of the Eoderocerataceae; lower Jurassic ammonite cephalopods characterized by evolute commonly serpenticonic shells that had long body chambers and would have had no stable floating position; and thus resemble contemporary Psilocerataceae. Spines or tubercles are typically found in two rows on the inner and outer parts of the whorl sides joined by radial ribs.
 Argyrocupha is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Afreutreta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Pararrhynchium is a palearctic and indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Reuterella helvimacula is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in United Kingdom and Ireland. The species are brownish-orange.
 Eupyra affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Peru.
 Bryant's woodrat (Neotoma bryanti) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
 Formica pallidefulva is a species of ant found in North America. It is a red to dark brown ant with a shiny body and varies in shade across its range. Colonies of this ant are found in a variety of habitats where they excavate underground nests with galleries and chambers. In some parts of its range the nests may be raided by slave-making ants most notably Formica pergandei and Polyergus montivagus.
 Onagrodes is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 Glyptosternon is a genus of sisorid catfishes native to Asia.
 Mordella incisura is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1931.
 The Fawn Brown Dart (Euxoa pleuritica) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Canada and the northern United States from southern Quebec and eastern Massachusetts west to British Columbia and southern Washington. In the Rocky Mountain region it occurs as far south as northern New Mexico north-eastern Arizona and central Idaho.The wingspan is 34–38 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Salsola kali.
 Balaustium is a genus of mites belonging to the family Erythraeidae. These are large red mites with one or two pairs of eyes set well back on the body.
 The Juniper-twig Geometer (Patalene olyzonaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Quebec and New Hampshire to Florida west to Texas north to Wisconsin.The wingspan is 21-25 mm. Adults are on wing from April to November. There are two to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Juniperus species and at times Thuja occidentalis and possibly Pinus.
 Loriomyia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Pagellus erythrinus or the common pandora is a fish of the Sparidae family (sea bream). It is a popular food fish in Mediterranean countries with delicate white flesh. It has a slim oval fusiform body with a smallish mouth and scales covering its face. The eyes are smaller than those of Pagellus bogaraveo and Pagellus acarne. It is silver in colour with a pink tinge particularly on its back.
 Siliquaria norai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Siliquariidae.
 Axiagasta is a genus of moth in the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Axiagasta stactogramma which is found in Brazil.The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults have a whitish-ochreous head. The forewings are elongate and ferruginous-brownish irregularly marbled with blackish irroration. The hindwings are grey but darker towards the apex.
 Blosyris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Rhodopsalta is a genus of cicada in the family Cicadidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Gold River (1977–1986) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning France's most prestigious race the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. Owned and bred by Jacques Wertheimer the president of the renowned French perfumery Chanel Gold River was sired by Riverman owned by Germaine Wertheimer. Her grandsire was Never Bend a son of Nasrullah from Nearco.Gold River's first Group One win came in the 1980 Prix Royal-Oak.
 Alloperissa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Plegapteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The African carp (Labeo coubie) is a cyprinid fish widespread in Africa where it occurs within the drainage basin of the Nile (Blue White Lake Albert) and in the Chad Niger-Benue Volta Senegal and Gambia Rivers as well as the Cross River and Cameroon coastal rivers. Furthermore it is also known from East Africa and the middle reaches of the Congo. Records from the Zambezi drainage need confirmation.
 Globodera tabacum commonly known as a tobacco cyst nematode is a plant parasitic nematode that mainly infests the tobacco plant but also plants in Solanaceae family.
 The Tahiti Rail (Gallirallus pacificus) or Tahitian Red-billed Rail is a poorly known extinct species of rail. It once occurred on Tahiti where apparently on the second voyage of James Cook in 1773 one was acquired and described by Johann Reinhold Forster as well as painted by his son Georg. What became of Forster's specimen is not known. This flightless species was probably derived from the ubiquitous Buff-banded Rail stock.
 The Ruby-cheeked Sunbird (Chalcoparia singalensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.
 Spirorbula latens is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Portugal.
 Eumetula macquariensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Newtoniellidae. It occurs in New Zealand.
 The most common species of domesticated hedgehog is the African pygmy hedgehog a hybrid of the white-bellied or four-toed hedgehog (Atelerix albiventris) and the Algerian hedgehog (A. algirus). It is smaller than the European hedgehog and thus is sometimes called African pygmy hedgehog. Other species kept as pets are the Egyptian long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus auritus auritus) and the Indian long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus collaris).Hedgehog domestication became popular in the early 1980s.
 The scree skink Oligosoma waimatense is a species of skink native to several sites throughout the South Island of New Zealand. A member of the family Scincidae it was described by Geoff Patterson in 1997. It favours rocky habitats particularly greywacke screes.
 Diplommatina ringens is a species of small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Mordellistena propinqua is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1967.
 Hylomyrma balzani is an ant of the genus Hylomyrma native to Paraguay.
 Conus pulicarius is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Grey Tortrix (Cnephasia stephensiana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and has also been recorded from Canada.The wingspan is 18–23 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.Eggs are laid in July and August and hatch after about three weeks. The young caterpillars make a cocoon in which they overwinter. They start feeding in spring. In the beginning they mine. Later they live in folded leaves.
 Coptodon flava is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 Allodemis fulva is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 Mustelodon is an extinct carnivore which belongs to the family Viverravidae. This genus contains only one species Mustelodon primerus. Fossils of this mammal were found in the 57 million years old deposits of Lago Nandarajo near the northern border of Panama in Central America. Mustelodon had a length of approximately 80 cm (head to tail) and this carnivore superficially resembled the modern mongooses. Mustelodon fed on fruits insects and smaller mammals like shrews.
 Metagylla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Metagylla miroides which is found in French Guiana.
 Avatha stigmata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia including the Andaman Islands and Indonesia (Buru Ambon).[citation needed]
 The Trocholitidae are Tarphycerida with whorls in close contact as with the Tarphyceratidae but in which the siphuncle similar in structure becomes dorsal. The Trocholitidae are derived from the Tarphyceratidae perhaps from different tarphyceratids.Members of the Trocholitidae vary in whorl section and siphuncle position. Most are tightly coiled with the dorsum impressed to some degree. As exceptions Arkoceras and Wichitoceras have their whorls touching but without a dorsal impression.
 Lissotriton is a genus of salamandrid newts that occur in Europe.
 Cyme triangularis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Habronestes is an ant-eating spider genus that occurs only in Australia. Spiders in this genus are 2.5 to 10.5 mm long with an orange or sepia brown body and yellow or pale brown legs.H. boq is the first spider named after a sponsor (the Bank of Queensland) in a new program by the Queensland Museum.
 Anarsia anisodonta is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea and Queensland.Adults have grey forewings with a triangular black mark on the costa.
 Colubraria suduirauti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.
 Peristernia nassatula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Metapenaeus monoceros is a species of prawn in the family Penaeidae. It is also known as speckled shrimp brown shrimp and pink shrimp in English crevette mouchetée in French camarón moteado in Spanish koraney chingri or honye chingri in India ginger prawn in South Africa and choodan chemmeen in Malayalam.
 Dalla ligilla is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Grey Pileated Finch (Coryphospingus pileatus) also known as the Pileated Finch is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family where it has recently been moved to from the Emberizidae. It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Oplerclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Scythocentropus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Coladenia indrani commonly known as the Tricolour Flat is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 Ardekanopsis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1954 and contains the species A. griseella. It is found in Iran.
 Mythimna martoni is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan China and India.
 Agaronia jesuitarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Narcomedusae are an order of hydrozoans in the subclass Trachylinae. Members of this order do not normally have a polyp stage. The medusa has a dome-shaped bell with thin sides. The tentacles are attached above the lobed margin of the bell with usually a gastric pouch above each. There are no bulbs on the tentacles and no radial canals. Narcomedusans are mostly inhabitants of the open sea and deep waters. They can be found in the Mediterranean in large numbers.
 The aurochs (/ˈɔːrɒks/ or /ˈaʊrɒks/; pl. aurochs or rarely aurochsen aurochses) also urus ure (Bos primigenius) the ancestor of domestic cattle is an extinct type of large wild cattle that inhabited Europe Asia and North Africa.
 The Antillean Euphonia (Euphonia musica) is a bird species in the finch family Fringillidae (formerly in Thraupidae).It is found in all the main islands of the Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles from Hispaniola eastwards.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Gegeneophis primus is a species of caecilian discovered in Wynad district in the Western Ghats of Kerala India. The species was described in 2012 by Ramachandran Kotharambath Mark Wilkinson and colleagues.
 Jackson's mongoose (Bdeogale jacksoni) is a species of mongoose belonging to the genus Bdeogale. Discovered in 1889 by Frederick John Jackson Oldfield Thomas in 1894 described it as Galeriscus jacksoni. It is most closely related to the black-footed mongoose of the same subgenus Galeriscus and both are sometimes united in a single species.With a head and body length of more than 50 cm (20 in) and a body weight of 2–3 kg (4.4–6.6 lb) it is a large mongoose.
 Calymene niagarensis is a small species of trilobite. It datesback to the Middle Silurian. Most specimens have been found in New Yorkand Oklahoma. It has around 20 body segments and small round eyes.
 Discourella is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata placed in its own family Discourellidae.
 Ceryx sumatrensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Obraztsov in 1949. It is found on Sumatra.
 Camerata robusta is triclad species in the genus Camerata.
 Austrotrophon catalinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Leuciscus is a genus of fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae. They are inland water fishes commonly called Eurasian daces. The genus is widespread from Europe to Siberia. Species broadly distributed in Europe include the common dace Leuciscus leuciscus and the ide L. idus.The European chubs were formerly also included in Leuciscus but they are now usually separated in another genus Squalius (e.g. the chub Squalius cephalus).
 Hestiasula is a genus of praying mantis in the subfamily Acromantinae of the family Hymenopodidae.
 The Philippine mouse-deer (Tragulus nigricans) also known as the Balabac chevrotain or pilandok (in Filipino) is a small nocturnal ruminant which is endemic to Balabac and nearby smaller islands (Bugsuc and Ramos) southwest of Palawan in the Philippines. The genus Tragulus means 'little goat' and the Philippine mouse-deer has been named so due to the horizontal pupils of the eyes. This position of the pupil allows for an increase in peripheral depth perception.
 The Chinese striped hamster (Cricetulus barabensis) also known as the striped dwarf hamster is a species of hamster. It is distributed across Northern Asia from southern Siberia through Mongolia and northeastern China to northern North Korea. An adult Chinese striped hamster weighs 16.7-31.0g and has a body length of 74.2-103.6 mm with a tail of 21-36 mm.
 Cyana bicolor is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1913. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Morston (1970–1993) was a French-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He is best known for winning the 1973 Epsom Derby on his second racecourse appearance. He was then injured and retired undefeated.
 The Napoleon snake eel (Ophichthus bonaparti) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Johann Jakob Kaup in 1856.
 Typhlops paucisquamus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Porcellio is a genus of woodlice in the family Porcellionidae. These crustaceans are found essentially world-wide. A well-known species is the common rough woodlouse Porcellio scaber.Most of the hundreds of Porcellio species were described by 1950 and many were known by the end of the 19th century already. But occasionally new species have been found even in recent times.
 Lutrochidae is a family of water beetles sometimes known as travertine beetles since in North America they are common in springs and streams depositing travertine.They are distinguished by their ovate bodies 2-6 mm long and yellowish in color and short antennae in which the first two antennomeres are longer than the others.
 The Banded Sunflower Moth (Cochylis hospes) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from North Carolina to Colorado Utah New Mexico and northern Arizona.The length of the forewings is 5.5–8 mm. Adults are golden ochreous with broad dark brown to rust brown medial fascia and a subapical blotch containing iridescent grey patches. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on developing seeds in flower heads of Helianthus species.
 Epedanidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 200 described species. They are the sister group of the Gonyleptoidea.The Epedanidae are endemic to Asia. The subfamily Dibuninae forms the predominant harvestman fauna of the Philippines. The other three subfamilies are more predominant in Indonesia Malaysia and Thailand and some are found in Burma and Nepal. Some species occur outside this region in India China Vietnam and Japan.
 Common names: Cook's tree boa.Corallus cookii is a non-venomous boa species endemic to the island of St. Vincent in the Caribbean. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Pseudodiptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Dioryctria taedae is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Schaber and Wood in 1971 and is known from Maryland to the south-eastern United States.The length of the forewings is about 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is very dark brown. The hindwings are smoky grey. There are two generations per year with adults on wing in late August and again in early October.The larvae feed on Pinus taeda.
 Acrotemnus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Cretaceous epoch.
 Hyposmocoma unicolor is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Molokai and possibly Kauai and Oahu.Larvae of what were considered to be this species were discovered in the dead wood of Acacia koa Alectryon Bidens Cheirodendron Clermontia Elaeocarpus bifidus Freycinetia Diospyros and Wikstroemia. All of the hostplant records are from Dr. Swezey and may include details of more than one species.
 Polopeustis is a genus of snout moths.
 Besma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Bright Babul Blue Desert Babul Blue or Velvet-spotted Blue (Azanus ubaldus) is a small butterfly found in India the Middle East and Africa that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Sura lampadura is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Uganda.
 Pexopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Gaika Brown (Pseudonympha gaika) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa in the eastern Cape then along the Amatolas the north-east of the Witteberg and from Lesotho to KwaZulu-Natal near the Drakensberg.The wingspan is 46–48 mm for males and 48–52 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to February. There is one generation per year.The larvae probably feed on Poaceae grasses.
 Anillodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Anillodes affabilis (Brues 1902) Anillodes debilis (Leconte 1853) Anillodes depressus (Jeannel 1963) Anillodes minutus Jeannel 1963 Anillodes sinuatus Jeannel 1963 Anillodes walkeri Jeannel 1963↑
 Zealandopterix zonodoxa is a moth of the Micropterigidae family. It is known from the northern North Island of New Zealand from Te Paki south to Puketitri Hawkes Bay and including Poor Knights Little Barrier and Great Barrier Islands. It inhabits a wide variety of moist indigenous forest types but usually with podocarps.Adults have been found between September and March.The forewing length is 2.6 millimetres (0.10 in) for males and 3 millimetres (0.12 in) for females.
 Nematopogon distinctus is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Yasuda in 1957. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 19–21 mm.
 Leiostyla lamellosa is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.This species is mentioned in Annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive.
 Phrixosceles trochosticha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Meghalaya).
 Phacusa nicobarica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1919. It is found on the Nicobar Islands.
 Eupithecia forsterata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Romanogobio benacensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Italy and Slovenia.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Psoroptidae is a family of mites.
 Atopocottus tribranchius is a species of sculpin native to the Sea of Japan where it is only known from the waters off of Niigata Prefecture. This species grows to 3 cm (1.2 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The plateau mouse (Peromyscus melanophrys) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 Lestes forcipatus is a species of damselfly in the family Lestidae. This species is commonly known as the sweetflag spreadwing.
 Rhagoletotrypeta pastranai is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Cape or Venter's Lechwe (Kobus leche venterae) is a now extinct subspecies of the varied Red Lechwe Kobus leche that formerly occurred in the North West Gauteng Free State Northern Cape and Eastern Cape Provinces of South Africa.
 Apogurea is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It was described by Watson in 1980 and contains the species Apogurea grisescens which is found in China (Chekiang).
 Cyana obliquilineata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 The Black-winged Lory (Eos cyanogenia) also known as Biak Red Lory is a medium-sized up to 30 cm (12 in) long long-tailed lory. It has a bright red plumage black shoulder red iris an orange red bill and violet ear-patch behind eye. The underwings are red becoming yellowish with black tips. Both sexes are similar.An Indonesian endemic the Black-winged Lory is distributed to forests and coastal habitat of Biak Numfor Manim and Mios Num islands in Cenderawasih Bay Papua.
 The Moth Butterfly (Liphyra brassolis) is a butterfly found in Asia and Australia that belongs to the lycaenid family. The larvae are predatory and feed on ant larvae. This is one of the largest species of Lycaenid butterfly. Several disjunct populations across its wide distribution range are considered as sub-species. Never a common butterfly specimens of this species are highly prized by collectors.
 Phtheochroa natalica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Hydrelia pavonica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Ctenucha vittigerum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Blanchard in 1852. It is found in Chile and Argentina.
 Helicoverpa fletcheri is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family that is found in Africa including Sudan.It is considered a minor pest on Sesamum indicum.
 Octonodula is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Gittenbergeria is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Trissexodontidae.
 Bufonaria foliata common name the frilled frog shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Ascalenia melanogastra is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Conus tabidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.It is possible that this is a Compound species as there are at least two population groupd where the shell morph is identical but the animal habitat and behavoiur are totally distinct.
 Vexillum sybillae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Selima was one of the most important Thoroughbred horses of the 18th century and became one of the foundation mares of the American Thoroughbred. She was imported to the Province of Maryland between 1750 and 1752 by Benjamin Tasker Jr.
 Cotinis mutabilis also known as the green fruit beetle or fig beetle and also as junebug is a member of the scarab beetle family. It belongs to the subfamily Cetoniinae comprising a group of beetles commonly called flower chafers since many of them feed on pollen nectar or petals. Its habitat is primarily the southwestern United States and Mexico.
 The American Black Duck (Anas rubripes) is a large dabbling duck. American Black Ducks are similar to Mallards in size and resemble the female Mallard in coloration although the Black Duck's plumage is darker. It is native to eastern North America and has shown reduction in numbers and increasing hybridization with the more common Mallard as that species has spread with man-made habitat changes.
 Lanelater fuscipes is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Agrypninae.
 The Arabian carpetshark (Chiloscyllium arabicum) is a species of carpet shark in the family Hemiscylliidae inhabiting coral reefs and other shallow coastal habitats from the Persian Gulf to India. Reaching 78 cm (31 in) long this shark is characterized by a slender plain brown body and by two dorsal fins with straight trailing margins and the second smaller but longer-based than the first. The Arabian carpetshark feeds on bony fishes and invertebrates.
 Nuculanidae is a family of small saltwater clams marine bivalve molluscs in the order Nuculanoida. Species in this family are found in all seas from shallow to deep water.
 Acanthosoma labiduroides also known as Scissors Turtle Bug in English and (Japanese: ハサミツノカメムシ) (Hasamitsuno-kamemushi) in Japanese.
 Pavoclinus laurentii the Rippled klipfish is a species of clinid found from Inhambane Mozambique to Port Alfred South Africa where it prefers weed-grown tide pools. It can reach a maximum length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 Porius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Both described species are endemic to New Guinea.
 Geophorus is a genus of tropical and subtropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae.
 Paziella poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Phaniola caboana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).The wingspan is about 7.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream slightly tinged with ochreous grey and with weak brownish grey suffusions and brownish dots along the dorsum andcosta. The markings are greyish brown. The hindwings are pale brownish cream.
 Pomasia lamunin is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo. The species is found from lowland areas to the lower montane zone.The length of the forewings is about 8 mm.
 Laugia is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth fish which lived during the Triassic period.
 Endoclita buettneria is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Myanmar. The food plant for this species is Byttneria.
 Otiorhynchus vehemens is a species of broad-nosed weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae subfamily Entiminae.It is present in Italy and Switzerland. This beetle is polyphagous. The soil-living larvae feed on the roots of many host plants while the adults feed on leaves and have nocturnal habits.The adults grow up to 16–18 millimetres (0.63–0.71 in) long and can be encountered from April through October.
 Euvola is a genus of molluscs in the family Pectinidae.
 Maryvillia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Omorgus squalidus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Lyclene angulifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland heath forests and lower montane forests. The length of the forewings is 7-8 mm for males and about 8 mm for females.
 Cerautola crowleyi Crowley’s Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on foliate lichen.
 Morophaga clonodes is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in eastern Australia from Cape York to Sydney.Adults have a speckled pattern of light and dark greyish-brown on the forewings and plain brown hindwings.The larvae tunnel in bracket fungi growing on trees in forests. Pupation takes place in the larval galleries.
 Mordella novemmaculata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1902.
 Tinissa wayfoongi is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Robinson and Tuck in 1998. It is found in Brunei.
 Rossia bullisi also known as the Gulf Bobtail Squid is a species of bobtail squid native to the tropical western Atlantic Ocean specifically the northern Gulf of Mexico and Straits of Florida.R. bullisi grows to 45 mm in mantle length.The type specimen was collected in the Gulf of Mexico and is deposited at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington D.C..
 Haemanota fereunicolor is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Toulgoët in 1987. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Sociable Lapwing or Sociable Plover (Vanellus gregarius) is a wader in the lapwing family of birds.It breeds on open grassland in Russia and Kazakhstan. Three to five eggs are laid in a ground nest. These birds migrate south through Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Uzbekistan Turkmenistan Afghanistan Armenia Iran Iraq Saudi Arabia Syria and Turkey to key wintering sites in Israel Syria Eritrea Sudan and north-west India. Birds winter occasionally in Pakistan Sri Lanka and Oman.
 The Kenrick's Starling (Poeoptera kenricki) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
 Rhacophorus prasinatus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Taiwan. It is the largest tree frog in Taiwan; females can reach 7 cm (2.8 in) in snout-vent length.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland arable land plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hippurarctia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Eligma narcissus is a moth in the Nolidae family. It is found in the Oriental tropics and subtropics.The larvae feed on Canarium and Ailanthus species including Ailanthus fordii. Young larvae skeletonise leaflets while older larvae are defoliators.
 Liptena minziro is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Kakamega Forest in Kenya and at Minziro Forest in Tanzania.
 Schomburgk's deer (Rucervus schomburgki) was a member of the family Cervidae. Native to Thailand Schomburgk's deer was described by Edward Blyth in 1863 and named after Sir Robert H. Schomburgk who was the British consul in Bangkok from 1857-1864. It is thought to have gone extinct by 1938 but there is speculation that the deer might still be extant.
 Guavina is a genus of sleeper gobies native to fresh marine and brackish waters of the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.
 Calophasia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ptychochromoides vondrozo is a critically endangered species of cichlid endemic to the Mananara-sud river and its tributaries near Vondrozo in southeastern Madagascar. These are deep and moderate to fast-flowing. Its entire range covers less than 100 square kilometres (39 sq mi) which makes it highly threatened from continued sedimentation caused by deforestation. It is also threatened by other species that have been introduced to the region. It reaches a length of 20.4 centimetres (8.0 in) SL.
 Sinocyclocheilus yishanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 The Norfolk Boobook (Ninox novaeseelandiae undulata) also known as the Norfolk Island Boobook Norfolk Island Owl or Norfolk Island Morepork was a bird in the true owl family endemic to Norfolk Island an Australian territory in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand. It is an extinct subspecies of the Southern Boobook (Ninox novaeseelandiae).
 Facelina auriculata is a species of sea slug an aeolid nudibranch in the family Facelinidae. Facelina coronata (Forbes & Goodsir 1839) is a synonym of Facelina auriculata.
 Arthroleptis mossoensis is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Burundi.
 Bothynotrechus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Bothynotrechus castelnaui (Sloane 1920) Bothynotrechus lynx Moore 1972↑
 Eleutherodactylus sisyphodemus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found only at its type locality in Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and caves. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lepidochrysops evae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-western Zambia.Adults have been recorded in October.The larvae possibly feed on Ocimum species.
 Chaetobranchus is a small genus of cichlid fishes from South America where they are native to the Amazon Basin Orinoco Basin and rivers in the Guianas.
 Etsaputu relictum is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the upper Marañon River. This species is the only member of its genus.
 The Brown Peacock or Scarlet Peacock (Anartia amathea) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found primarily in South America. The type locality is probably Suriname and the species is found from Panama to Argentina; Grenada Barbados Antigua. It is reported as common in Argentina Paraguay Uruguay the Brazilian highlands the eastern Amazon the Guianas Venezuela and Panama as well as Trinidad and other Caribbean islands.
 Rhinolophus ziama is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stormsia minima is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.Stormsia minima is the only species in the genus Stormsia.
 Bicyclus cooksoni is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in northern Zambia the Democratic Republic of Congo southern and western Tanzania and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland and open montane grassland-forest mosaic.
 Armsia petasus is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 The Oki salamander (Hynobius okiensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Otitoma gouldi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae.
 Phemiades is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Gyraulus acronicus is a small species of freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.
 The Green Carposinid Moth (Carposina viridis) is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Oahu.The larvae feed on Cyrtandra cordifolia. The larvae bore in the stem of their host plant.
 Maliarpha validella is a species of snout moths in the genus Maliarpha. It was described by Zerny in 1917 and is known from Sudan (including Sennar the type location).
 Asura aureata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India.
 Smaragdion viride is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Smaragdion.
 Nucula gallinacea is a saltwater nut clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculidae.
 Contrasimnia formosana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Chinchipena is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Elachista nielswolffi is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in).The larvae feed on Deschampsia flexuosa and possibly on Nardus stricta. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They are pale dull dirty white.
 The Grey Nightjar (Caprimulgus jotaka) is a species of nightjar found in East Asia. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Jungle Nightjar (C. indicus) its South Asian relative.
 Euprenolepis echinata is a Southeast Asian species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 Brongersmia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Aegeridae is a family of fossil prawns. It contains two genera Aeger and Acanthochirana.
 Toxochitona ankole is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda (from the western part of the country to the Kibale and Kalinzu forests). The habitat consists of forests.
 The Mouse-tailed Atlantic Spiny-rat Trinomys myosuros is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Dimorphinites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites. It lived during the Jurassic Period which lasted from approximately 200 to 145 million years ago.
 Convercala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Frankeston Red is a genetically improved bovine cattle its creation focus was for it to be a dual-purpose cattle to be used as both dairy and beef cattle.
 Paracles contraria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Amazon rainforest of Brazil French Guiana and Bolivia.
 Infurcitinea ignicomella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It was described by Heydenreich in 1851. It is found in large parts of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Belgium the Iberian Peninsula Ukraine and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 8–12 mm. The forewings are light brown with three white bands and three costal spots. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae possibly feed on animal matter.
 Lycidae is a family in the beetle order Coleoptera members of which are commonly called net-winged beetles.Beetles of this family are elongated and usually found on flowers or stems. Adults are about 10-15 mm in length while females are a bit larger.The adults of some species are nectarivores while some may have short-lived adult lives during which they may not feed at all. The head is triangular and the antennae are long thick and serrate. Most of them are brick-red in colour.
 Trichaeta tigrina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Cambodia.
 Odostomia mendozae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ferrissia gentilis is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies.
 The longrayed whiptail or four rayed rattail Coryphaenoides subserrulatus is a rattail of the genus Coryphaenoides found circumpolar in all southern oceans at depths of between 550 and 1200 m. Its length is between 20 to 37 cm.
 Christianoconcha quintalia is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Punctidae the dot snails. This species is endemic to Norfolk Island Australasia.
 Xystochroma minutum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Zajciw in 1965.
 Alberticodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The White Ermine (Spilosoma lubricipeda) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found throughout the temperate belt of Eurasia from Europe through Kazakhstan and Southern Siberia to Amur Region China Korea and Japan. In China several sibling species occur.The wingspan is 34–48 mm. Wing pattern is very variable from entirely white wings to strongly covered with black dots. Hindwings often with one or several black dots (rarely without any black dot).
 The Florida banded water snake (Nerodia fasciata pictiventris) a subspecies of the banded water snake (southern water snake - Nerodia fasciata) is a nonvenomous natricine colubrid native to the southeastern United States.
 Coloconger meadi is an eel in the family Colocongridae (worm eels/short-tail eels). It was described by Robert H. Kanazawa in 1957. It is a marine deep-water dwelling eel which is known from the Gulf of Mexico and Suriname in the western central Atlantic Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 650-925 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 37.7 centimetres.
 Amalda cupedula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The yawning Poromitra oscitans is a fish of the family Melamphaidae found in tropical and subtropical waters of the indo-Pacific region.
 Endothenia oblongana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 11–15 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Perilampsis amazuluana is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Perilampsis of the family Tephritidae.
 Acrolepia moriuti is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1982. It is found in Japan.
 Brookula proseila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Acompsia bidzilyai is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Transbaikalia in Russia.The wingspan is 19–20 millimetres (0.75–0.79 in) for males. The forewings are light greyish brown and the hindwings are grey. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Pterois brevipectoralis is a species of lionfish in the family Scorpaenidae. It is one of two members of the genus Pterois to be described since 2000. This species is found in the Western Indian Ocean at a depth of 70–80 m.
 Heteropoma tuberculatum is a species of minute salt marsh snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Cyclophora sypharioides is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Tit-spinetails are small passerine birds of the genus Leptasthenura belonging to the ovenbird family Furnariidae. They are found in South America particularly the southern and Andean parts of the continent. They are somewhat similar to birds of the tit family in their shape and feeding behaviour hence the first part of their name. The spinetail part of their name refers to their long pointed tail feathers.
 The Big Bend Slider (Trachemys gaigeae) is a species of aquatic turtle native to the United States in the states of New Mexico and Texas and northern Mexico in the state of Chihuahua. It is found primarily in the Rio Grande and Rio Conchos river systems.
 Pradoxa thomensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Aethotaxis mitopteryx the Longfin icedevil is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean where it can be found at depths down to 850 metres (2790 ft). This species grows to a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Emblemariopsis randalli the Hornless blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Cubagua Venezuela in the western central Atlantic ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 3.8 centimetres (1.5 in) TL. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton.
 Clathrina jorunnae is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Norway.
 Nacobbus dorsalis (False Root-knot Nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Heterostegane ruberata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.It has a wingspan of 17-18mm. The forewings are rather broad with the apex round-pointed whitish buff coarsely and profusely irrorated with ochraceous-tawny. The underside is pale with slight suffusions but without irrorations.
 Isbrueckerichthys is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Trabala prasinophena is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Congo.
 Scopula anysima is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Springerichthys is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae.
 Coniogyra is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The bareback shovelnose ray or nakedback guitarfish (Rhinobatos nudidorsalis) is a species of fish in the Rhinobatidae family. It is found in Mauritius and Seychelles. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Aleucanitis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Callichroma iris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Taschenberg in 1870. It is known from Costa Rica Colombia and Venezuela. It contains the subspecies Callichroma iris iris and Callichroma iris trilineatum.
 Bullia natalensis the pleated plough shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Betta strohi is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia. This species grows to a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL.
 Aplasta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Reynoldsiella parallela is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Reynoldsiella.
 Acrocercops cymella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Puerto Rico. It was described by W.T.M. Forbes in 1931.
 The Western Bluebill (Spermophaga haematina) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 1900000 km².It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Côte d'Ivoire Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Eyralpenus inconspicua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Angola Malawi and Tanzania.
 Nemanthus is a genus of sea anenomes that contains three recognised species.
 Lepidiolamprologus cunningtoni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with sandy substrates in which it digs crater-shaped nests. This carnivorous species takes fish as prey. This species can reach a length of 29.1 centimetres (11.5 in) TL. This species inclusion in this genus has been questioned based upon its lacking many of the characteristics of its congeners. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Batrachedra diplosema is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Nabis is a genus in the Nabidae family of damsel bugs. It contains the following species:
 The Table Mountain Beauty or Mountain Pride (Aeropetes tulbaghia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa Lesotho and Zimbabwe.The wingspan is 70–78 mm for males and 75-90 for females. Adults are on wing from November to April (with peaks from December to March). There is one generation per yearIt is the pollinator of the orchid Disa uniflora.The larvae feed on various Poaceae species including Ehrharta erecta Hyparrhenia hirta and Pennisetum clandestinum.
 Amalda pacei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Algia is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae found in southeast Asia.
 Parvicursor (meaning small runner) is a genus of tiny maniraptoran dinosaur with long slender legs for fast running. At only about 39 cm (~15 in) from snout to end of tail and 162 grams (5.7 ounces) in weight it is one of the smallest non-avian dinosaurs known from an adult specimen.
 Melangyna labiatarum is a European species of hoverfly.
 Mesoplectra was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Polypogon.
 Greya powelli is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in the coastal range between the San Francisco Bay area and the San Gabriel Mountains and in the south-central Sierra Nevada of California. The habitat consists of slightly moist grassy areas in open oak woodland.The wingspan is 7-12 mm. The forewings of the females are white heavily banded with rusty patches into a checker spot pattern.
 The Lesser Koa Finch (Rhodacanthis flaviceps) is an extinct species of Hawaiian honeycreeper.
 Edonis helena is a monotypic species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It is a small dragonfly 29.3–32 millimetres (1.15–1.26 in) long with a broad orange spot on the base of the hind-wing. It occurs from southern Brazil to northeastern Argentina.
 The common bent-wing bat Schreibers' long-fingered bat or Schreibers' bat (Miniopterus schreibersii) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. The common bent-wing bat is part of the largest group of bats; the M. schreibersii (Mediterranean). The M. schreibersii consist of the Miniopterus fuliginosus (Asian) Miniopterus oceanensis (Australian) and Miniopterus natalensis (South African).
 The knobbly anemone Bunodosoma capensis is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
 Taygetis laches is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Mexico to northern Argentina.The larvae feed on Olyra Acroceras and Panicum species.
 Acrocercops ochronephela is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Meghalaya India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1908.
 The common shining cockroach (Drymaplaneta communis) is a cockroach native to south-east Australia. It feeds on organic matter and is often found under the bark of eucalypt trees. During the late 1990s and 2000s this cockroach appears to have had a population explosion in Sydney and Melbourne and is commonly found inside houses.
 The Réunion Parrot or Dubois's Parrot (Necropsittacus? borbonicus) is a hypothetical extinct species of parrot based on descriptions of birds from the Mascarene island of Réunion.
 Phyllocnistis liquidambarisella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from the United States (New York Maryland Kentucky Georgia Texas Florida). The hostplant for the species is Liquidambar styraciflua. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a long winding linear mine on the upperside of the leaf. It is rather indistinct without any central line of frass.
 Atsabites is an ammonoid cephalopod belonging to the ceratitid family Atsabitidae that lived during the Middle Permian between about 294 and 284 million years ago.The shell of Atsabites is evolute discoidal; whorls slightly impressed dorsally with numerous prominent lateral ribs and fine longitudinal lirae.
 Trimorphodon is a genus of mildly venomous rear-fanged colubrid snakes. They are commonly known as lyre snakes named after the distinctive V shaped pattern on their head that is said to resemble the shape of a lyre.
 Pygora andranovory is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Trichromia carinaria is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 The Atlas Bee Hawkmoth (Hemaris aksana) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Middle and High Atlas Mountains of Morocco. The habitat consists of flower-rich meadows between 1300 and 2500 meters.The wingspan is 44-51 mm. It is a diurnal species. Although mimicking a bumble bee in coloration its flight is much more rapid and agile. Adults are on wing in March June and August. At higher altitude the flight period is the latter half of May or June.
 Cetiosauridae is a family of sauropod dinosaurs. While traditionally a waste bin taxon containing various unrelated species some recent studies have found that it may in fact represent a natural clade. Additionally at least one study has suggested that the mamenchisaurids may represent a sub-group of the cetiosaurids which would be termed Mamenchisaurinae.
 Miomantis acutipes is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Pseudeulia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species Pseudeulia asinana which is found in Italy Slovenia Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia and Ukraine.The wingspan is 23–28 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Laurus nobilis and Pyrus species.
 Lamellidea monodonta was a species of air-breathing tropical land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to Japan; it is now extinct.
 Platysemaphora is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Eulimella simplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The pale-faced bat (Phylloderma stenops) is a bat species from South and Central America.
 Falsopseudomoxia tertia is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Falsopseudomoxia.
 Bazaria lixiviella is a species of snout moths in the genus Bazaria . It was described by Erschoff in 1874. It is found in Iran Pakistan the Palestinian Territories and the United Arab Emirates.
 Aconaemys is a genus of rodent in the family Octodontidae. It contains the following species: Chilean rock rat (Aconaemys fuscus) Porter's rock rat (Aconaemys porteri) Sage's rock rat (Aconaemys sagei)↑
 Glyphipterix barbata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Philpott in 1918. It is found in New Zealand.
 Liolaemus is a genus of iguanian lizards containing many species all of which are endemic to South America.
 Pseudomyrmex leptosus is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to certain regions in the United States.
 Turridrupa astricta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The giant golden mole (Chrysospalax trevelyani) is an endangered species of golden mole whose natural habit is the forests of Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.The species was first collected by Herbert Trevelyan hunting near Pirie Forest near King William's town in British Caffraria. This 10 inch long mole is dark chocolate brown above with whitish underfur. The claws and margin of the lips are whitish. It is blind and has no external ear lobes and lacks a tail.
 Lophotavia incivilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Somalia Eritrea Madagascar and Mauritius.The adults have a wingspan of 35mm.
 Submargarita notalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the top snails.
 With a City was a thoroughbred horse. As a foal of 2003 he was a possible contender for the Triple Crown in 2006. However With a City contracted a mysterious illness at Trackside Louisville on Thursday April 20 2006.He was euthanized by lethal injection on Sunday April 23 2006 after his condition rapidly deteriorated.
 Nassaria incisa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hystrix paukensis is an extinct old world porcupine which existed during the late Miocene-early Pliocene in what is now Myanmar. It was described by Yuichiro Nishioka Zin-Maung-Maung-Thein Naoko Egi Takehisa Tsubamoto Takeshi Nishimura Tsuyoshi Ito Thaung-Htike and Masanaru Takai in 2011. The species epithet refers to Pauk Township the type locality of the species.
 Pantotheria is an abandoned taxon of Mesozoic mammals. This group is now considered an informal wastebasket taxon and has been replaced by Dryolestida as well as other groups. It is sometimes treated as an infraclass and older books refer to it as being related to symmetrodonts.
 Cropia indigna is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Cuba Hispaniola and Jamaica.
 Hypsipetes virescens redirects here. This may also (erroneously) refer to the Sunda Bulbul (Ixos virescens); see below for details.Found only on the Nicobar Islands of India the Nicobar Bulbul is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae). Its scientific name is Ixos virescens as long as Ixos is recognized as a distinct genus.Some sources merge Ixos into Hypsipetes probably based on the major taxonomic error committed in the Sibley taxonomy where I.
 Agdistis symmetrica is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Malta and Tunisia.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 The Narino Tapaculo (Scytalopus vicinior) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 The Elliot's Forest Lizard' (Calotes ellioti) is an agamid lizard found in the Western Ghats India.
 Olindia schumacherana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 11–16 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July. Males fly in the sunshine while the females fly after dark.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants including Ranunculus ficaria. They fold over a leaf and feed within.
 The Ruby-throated Bulbul (Pycnonotus dispar) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds. It is found on Sumatra Java and Bali.This is a bird of forest and dense scrub. It builds its nest in a bush; two to four eggs is a typical clutch. The Ruby-throated Bulbul feeds on fruit and insects.It is virtually crestless has a deep red throat and reddish eyes.
 The Ulalume Underwing (Catocala ulalume) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Virginia through Georgia to Florida west to Texas and Oklahoma and north to Illinois.The wingspan is 60-75 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Carya alba.
 Compsodrillia petersoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Platysquilla is a genus of mantis shrimp erected in 1967 by Raymond Manning for species previously included in Lysiosquilla.
 Hyposmocoma vermiculata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii and possibly Molokai. The type locality is Kilauea.
 The Black-veined Moth (Siona lineata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the beginning of May to the end of June .The caterpillar feed on various herbs such as marjoram.
 Hemiancistrus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes from South America and Panama. The taxonomy of this genus is complex and unclear and major work has to be done. Many of these fish are popular aquarium fish.
 Valenictus is an extinct genus of Odobenidae from the Pliocene of California.
 Western scorpionfish (Scorpaena onaria) is a Scorpion fish belonging to the Scorpaenidae family. It is red in color. It grows to about 30 inches in length with big broad pectoral fins and no swim bladder. They are found in the Pacific ocean near Japan.
 Leucozonia granulilabris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Ochyrotica yanoi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from New Guinea China (Hainan and Hong Kong) Taiwan Vietnam and the Ryukyu Islands the Philippines and India.
 Acyperas rubrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acyperas. It was described by Hampson in 1901 and is known from Indonesia (Java and Sumatra).
 Elachista strenua is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Benthochromis tricoti is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Lake Tanganyika and lives off shore in water over 100 meters depth. It feeds on small crustaceans and plankton. It reaches a maximum length of around 15 cm. Like many other cichlids it is a mouthbrooder.
 Euagra cerymica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Panama.
 Phaonia scutellata is a species of fly which is distribution across parts the Palaearctic.
 Chrysallida dantarti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Trichastoma is a bird genus in the Pellorneidae family. It contains the following species: Ferruginous Babbler Trichastoma bicolor Sulawesi Babbler Trichastoma celebense White-chested Babbler Trichastoma rostratum
 The Willow Ghost Moth (Sthenopis thule) is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Strecker in 1875 and is known from Canada and the United States including Ontario Quebec and Saskatchewan.The food plant for this species is Salix. They bore in the roots of their host plant. The life cycle probably takes two years to complete.
 Cosmopterix dulcivora is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from China (Jiangxi) Japan Russia Fiji Samoa the Philippines (Negros) Java and Queensland.The length of the forewings is about 5 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Poaceae species including Miscanthus sinensis in Japan and Saccharum officinarum in Fiji the Philippines and Queensland.
 Atacamatitan (meaning Atacama Desert titan) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur. It is a titanosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous in what is now northern Chile. It is known from the holotype SGO-PV-961 which includes two dorsal vertebrae caudal vertebrae ribs a possible sternum part of an upper arm the right femur and unidentified incomplete bones. This specimen was found in the Tolar Formation.
 The Verdin (Auriparus flaviceps) is a species of penduline tit. It is the only species in the genus Auriparus and the only species in the family to be found in the New World.The Verdin is a very small bird. At 4.5 in (11 cm) in length it rivals the American Bushtit as one of the smallest passerines in North America. It is gray overall and adults have a bright yellow head and rufous shoulder patch (the lesser coverts).
 Cochranella tangarana is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Besla dheeradiloki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods.
 Schistura desmotes is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Sigaus australis is the most common alpine grasshopper found in New Zealand. It can be found in the lower half of the South Island from the Otago and Canterbury Region. S. australis was described in 1897 by Frederick Wollaston Hutton. Like all of New Zealand sub-alpine and alpine grasshoppers S. australis has a 2 or 3 years life cycle. The eggs must ‘overwinter’ before they will hatch.
 Oecomys trinitatis also known as the Long-furred Oecomys Long-furred Rice Rat Trinidad Arboreal Rice Rat or Big Arboreal Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae. As currently constituted it has a wide distribution in Central America and South America being found in southern Costa Rica Panama Colombia Venezuela Trinidad and Tobago Guyana Suriname French Guiana much of Brazil eastern Ecuador and eastern Peru.
 Anthela acuta the Common anthelid moth is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Malacanthus is a genus of tilefishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The Brown-backed Cisticola (Cisticola discolor) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 The Tolima Dove (Leptotila conoveri) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aeopelys is a monotypic genus of lace bugs found in New Guinea. The sole species is A. neata.
 Ichoronyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Spinipogon trivius is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Leptostylus batesi is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Casey in 1913 and is known from Panama.
 Cophixalus verecundus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to New Guinea in Papua New Guinea where it is only known around Mt. Bellamy in Owen Stanley Mountains though it may more widely distributed.Cophixalus verecundus was described by Richard G. Zweifel and Fred Parker in 1989. It is a brown frog with grey underside; the eyelids middle of the back and snout are redder than the sides.
 Epermenia aequidentellus is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is found from Norway to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Greece and from Great Britain to Estonia and Romania. It has also been recorded from the Canary Islands and Madeira. The wingspan is 9–12 mm.
 Ganisa postica is a moth of the Eupterotidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka and Taiwan.
 Cetancodontamorpha is a total clade of artiodactyls defined according to Spaulding et al. as Whippomorpha plus all extinct taxa more closely related to extant members of [Whippomorpha] than to any other living species.. Attempts have been made to rename the clade Whippomorpha to Cetancodonta but the former maintains precedent.Whippomorpha is the crown clade containing Cetacea (whales dolphins etc.) and hippopotamuses.
 Usilla or Usula was a town in the Roman province of Byzacena now Inchilla in Tunisia.Ptolemy mentions the town which appears also in the Tabula Peutingeriana and other geographical documents. These indicate that it was situated 32 miles from Thysdrus (El Djem) and 28 from Thaenae (Sfax).
 Eupithecia terrestrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Bebearia dallastai Dall’Asta’s Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of forests.
 Palearctia gracilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov in 1996. It is found in the Chatkal Mountains and Kyrghystan.
 Fagesia rudra is a small subglobular ammonite (suborder Ammonitina) belonging to the vascoceratid family. This species lived during the Turonian stage of the late Cretaceous 92-88 Ma ago.
 The El Tambo caecilian Epicrionops columbianus is a species of caecilian in the Rhinatrematidae familyendemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Lackerbaueria is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Anapisa dufranei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1952. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Dactylopteryx flexuosa is a species of praying mantis in the genus Dactylopteryx in the order Mantodea.
 Chileutomia neozelanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Eupithecia turkmena is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.
 Syngatha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Volutifusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Athetis tenuis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from all of Australia including Norfolk Island as well as New Zealand.The wingspan is about 25 mm. Adults have speckled pale brown forewings each with a black or white spot near the middle. The hindwings are mostly white with brown veins.The larvae have been recorded feeding on the stems of young Gossypium species.
 Cosmopterix abnormalis is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from the Cayman Islands Haiti and Jamaica.Adults were collected between December and May and again in August.
 Agaraea nigrostriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
 Hypsopygia ecbrunnealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1917. It is found in Cameroon.
 Pseudohypatopa ramusella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Adamski and H.H. Li in 2010. It is found in China (Beijing).
 Bascanichthys inopinatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker Eugenia Brandt Böhlke and James Erwin Böhlke in 1989. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from the western central Pacific Ocean.
 The Kerguelen Petrel (Lugensa brevirostris) is a small (36 cm long) slate-grey seabird in the family Procellariidae. The species has been described as a taxonomic oddball being placed for a long time in Pterodroma (the gadfly petrels) before being split out in 1942 into its own genus Lugensa (or Aphrodroma). The genus was not widely accepted until 1985 though subsequent research has supported it.
 Euptera hirundo is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Zambia and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Thiodina puerpera is a species of jumping spider commonly found in the eastern United States. Its range stretches along the Gulf Coast from Florida to Texas and north to Kansas Illinois and Pennsylvania. It is usually found in grassy areas during the warmer months of the year. Adult females are between 7 and 11 mm (0.3–0.4 in) in length.
 Prochoreutis pernivalis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from North America including British Columbia and Alberta.
 Eupithecia annulata the Larch Pug Moth is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia north to the Yukon east to Newfoundland and Labrador and south to California and Colorado.The wingspan is about 19 mm. Adults are on wing from April to June.The larvae feed on Pseudotsuga menziesii Picea mariana Picea engelmannii Picea glauca Picea engelmannii Pseudotsuga menziesii var.
 The bird genus Calyptomena first described by Thomas Stamford Raffles in 1822 consists of three species of south-east Asian broadbills with primarily green plumages. All are found in forests and two of the species are endemic to Borneo.
 Hyalinarcha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Antirhyacia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Scopula agrata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Moluccas.
 The Water Rail (Rallus aquaticus) is a bird of the rail family which breeds in well-vegetated wetlands across Europe Asia and North Africa. Northern and eastern populations are migratory but this species is a permanent resident in the warmer parts of its breeding range. The adult is 23–28 cm (9–11 in) long and like other rails has a body that is flattened laterally allowing it easier passage through the reed beds it inhabits.
 Brachyamblyopus brachysoma is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of southern and southeastern Asia and possibly occurring in Africa and the Persian Gulf. This species grows to a length of 10.5 centimetres (4.1 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Mordellistena greenwoodi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1922 by Blair.
 Gallant Fox (March 23 1927 - November 13 1954) was a United States Thoroughbred horseracing champion. In a racing career which lasted from 1929 to 1930 he ran seventeen times and won eleven races. As a three-year-old in 1930 he won nine of his ten races and became the second horse to win the U.S. Triple Crown. The term Triple Crown was not commonly used at the time but was employed by the New York Times to describe the colt's achievements.
 Dentaliidae is a family of relatively large tusk shells scaphopod mollusks in the order Dentaliida.
 The Syrian camel Camelus moreli is an extinct species of camel from Syria. It has been discovered in the Hummal area of the western Syrian desert. Found to have existed around 100000 years ago the camel was up to 3 metres (10 feet) tall at the shoulder and 4 metres (13 feet) tall overall. The first of the fossils were discovered late in 2005 and several more were discovered about a year later. The new camelid was found together with Middle Paleolithic human remains.
 Gracillarioidea is a large superfamily containing four families of insects in the order Lepidoptera. These generally small moths are miners in plant tissue as caterpillars. There are about 113 described genera distributed worldwide the most commonly encountered of which are leaf-miners in the family Gracillariidae.
 Megalocoerea recticornis is a species of plant bugs in the Miridae family that is found throughout the U.K. the rest of Europe and North America.
 Tachina tephra is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Austria.
 Bucculatrix taeniola is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California.The wingspan is about 7 mm. The forewings are irrorated fuscous with white transverse bands and a white costal triangle at the apex. The hindwings are grey somewhat irrorated. Adults have been recorded on wing in February and April.The larvae feed on White sage which could refer to Salvia apiana or Eurotia lanata.
 Prolita solutella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely distributed throughout Europe east to the Ural mountains. It is also found in Turkey. The habitat consists of dry pastures and dry heathland.The wingspan is 16–21 mm.The larvae feed on Genista angelica Genista pilosa Genista tinctoria and Genista scoparius. They live in a silken tube or tent.
 Drillia incerta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Oiketicus is a genus of moth of the Psychidae family.
 The Pale Yellow Dune Moth (Copablepharon grandis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Alberta east to south-western Manitoba the eastern parts of South Dakota North Dakota and Iowa west to California and south to southern Arizona New Mexico and western Texas.The wingspan is 38–41 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location. There is one generation per year.
 Rhodacarella is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
 The Hook-billed Vanga (Vanga curvirostris) is a species of bird in the Vangidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ochrodion testaceum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 †Heteroneritidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamilia Pyramidelloidea.
 Epicrocis mesembrina is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Meyrick in 1887 and is known from Australia.
 Stomphastis tremina is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa and Namibia.The larvae feed on Trema orientalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather large irregular oblong transparent blotch mine which starts as a very long narrow gallery.
 Fruticicola is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.Species of snail in this genus create and use love darts prior to mating.
 Levipalpus hepatariella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Belgium the Iberian Peninsula Ukraine and most of the Balkan Peninsula. In the east the range extends to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. Adults have been recorded from August to the beginning of September.The larvae feed on Arenaria species and Antennaria dioica.
 Conus scalarissimus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Euctenostega is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pinheyschna is the scientific name of a genus of dragonflies from the family Aeshnidae. These relatively large dragonflies are also known as hawkers.
 Porthecla is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Platycypha amboniensis is a species of damselfly in family Chlorocyphidae. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Vilcabamba Brush Finch (Atlapetes terborghi) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is endemic to humid Andean forests in the Cordillera Vilcabamba in north-western Cuzco Peru. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Rufous-naped Brush Finch.
 Telmatherina sarasinorum is a species of fish in the Telmatherinidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Bucculatrix longispiralis is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Nepal.
 The Tetragonoceratidae is a small family of nautilitids constituting a part of the superfamily Tainocerataceae in which shells are coiled with a generally quadrate whorl section. Coiling is either gyroconic or evoluute with a slight dorsal impression. Flanks diverge from the umbilical to the ventral shoulders so as to make the whorl sections widest close to the venter. Nodes made develop on the flanks and shoulders. The siphuncle is tubular typically found near the venter.
 Paronychora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Caerulea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Diplocaulidae (horned crawlers) is an extinct family of lepospondyl amphibians that arose during the Late Carboniferous and died out in the Late Permian.
 Euborellia ambigua is a species of earwig in the genus Euborellia the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 The Plectoceratidae is a family of tarphycerids in the suborder Barrandeocerina established as a place for the genus Plectoceras; defined (Sweet 1964) simply as coiled costate barrandeocerids with subcentral adult siphuncle. According to Sweet in the original Treatise Part Kthe Plectoceratidae included only Plectoceras. Flower 1984 however added six other genera two new and four removed from both the Barrandeoceratidae and Apsidoceratidae.
 Archaeophis is an extinct genus of snake from the Eocene of Monte Bolca.
 Mitra ancillides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Bebearia castanea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Anonychonitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Eupatorus gracilicornis the five-horned rhinoceros beetle is a beetle that has four large horns on the prothorax and one extra-long cephalic horn. Rhinoceros beetles the Dynastinae are a subfamily of the scarab beetle family (Scarabaeidae). They are also known as Hercules beetles unicorn beetles or horn beetles. There are over 300 described species of these beetles best known for their bizarre shapes and large size.The range of the five-horned rhinoceros beetle is Southeast Asia.
 Copelatus caelatipennis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Aubé in 1838.
 Teulisna tumida is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Borneo Sumatra China the Indian Subregion Thailand and Taiwan.The male hindwing is pale straw coloured with a distinctive darker greyish border whereas the female hindwing is uniform greyish.The larvae feed on mosses.
 The Maroon-naped Sunbird (Aethopyga guimarasensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Mantidactylus melanopleura is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Favartia shaskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Gangara lebadea is a species of hesperid butterfly found in Southeast Asia.
 The Polistinae are eusocial wasps closely related to the more familiar yellowjackets but placed in their own subfamily containing four tribes; with some 1100 species total it is the second most diverse subfamily within Vespidae and while most species are tropical or subtropical they include some of the most frequently-encountered large wasps in temperate regions.
 Cryptazeca spelaea is a species of gastropod in the Cochlicopidae family. It is endemic to Spain.
 Epinephelus flavocaeruleus is a grouper from the Indian Ocean that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It is known commonly as the blue and yellow grouper and grows to a size of 90cm in length.
 The brown-banded cockroach Supella longipalpa is a small species of cockroach measuring about 5⁄8 in (10 to 14;mm) long. It is the only species of the genus Supella. It is tan to light brown. It has two light-colored bands across the wings and abdomen they may sometimes appear to be broken or irregular but are quite noticeable. The bands may be partly obscured by the wings. The male has wings that cover the abdomen while the female has wings that do not cover the abdomen completely.
 Percnon gibbesi is a species of crab. It is one of at least two species commonly called Sally Lightfoot (the other being the semi-terrestrial Grapsus grapsus from the Pacific coast of the Americas) and is also referred to as the nimble spray crab or urchin crab. It has been described as the most invasive decapod species to enter the Mediterranean.
 Poecilosoma eone is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hübner in 1827. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The Reddish Speckled Dart (Cerastis tenebrifera) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland to South Carolina west to Texas north to Nebraska and southern Ontario.The wingspan is 30–40 mm. Adults are on wing from March to June.Larvae have been reared on Lactuca Vitus Taraxacum officinale Rubus idaeus Salix petiolaris Prunus virginiana Betula papyrifera and Vaccinium myrtilloides.
 Cephalotes liogaster is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd-shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they are on. Because of this they are colloquially referred to as gliding ants.
 Mercuria confusa common name the 'swollen spire snail is a northern European species of small brackish water or freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species only tolerates very low salinities and is perhaps better characterized as a freshwater snail.
 Panthera onca mesembrina commonly known as the Pleistocene South American jaguar is an extinct subspecies of the jaguar that was endemic to North and South America during the Pleistocene epoch (1.8 mya—11000 years ago).
 Bedriaga's rock lizard Archaeolacerta bedriagae is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Archaeolacerta.It is only found on the islands Corsica (A. b. bedriagae) and Sardinia (A. b. sardus). The name Lacerta bedriagae is also used.
 Audea hemihyala is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Togo and Nigeria.
 Brachygnathus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Brachygnathus angusticollis Burmeister Brachygnathus festivus Dejean Brachygnathus muticus Perty Brachygnathus oxygonus Perty↑
 Tildenia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Glyphostoma alliteratum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Cosmosoma xanthocera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Letognathus is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period. Its remains come from the Blue Beach Member of the Horton Bluff Formation near Hantsport Nova Scotia. Like most rhizodonts it was of relatively large size had a large recurved fang at the symphysis of the lower jaw and a row of three coronoid fanks along the length of the jaw in addition to its marginal dentition.
 Brintesia is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Satyrinae.This genus described by Hans Fruhstorfer in 1911 has only one species:Brintesia circe (Fabricius 1775) common name: the Great Banded Grayling
 Acrocercops tacita is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Greece (including the Peloponnisos and Rhodes) and Lebanon.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf.
 Sacculosia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The armorheads are a small family Pentacerotidae of fishes in the order Perciformes. They are native to the Indian Ocean western and central Pacific and southwestern Atlantic.
 Nototherium (Southern Beast) is an extinct genus of marsupial. This mammal had hypsodont molars. It was a relative of the larger Diprotodon and a distant kin to modern wombats too. It was hunted by Megalania and Thylacoleo carnifex.
 Pusiola aureola is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Birket-Smith in 1965. It is found in Nigeria.
 Taylor's Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa taylori) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Panama and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hedychrum is a genus of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae.
 Polyspirella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Conus sponsalis common name the sponsal cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Neptis vindo also known as Claude’s Club-dot Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire.The larvae feed on Lasiodiscus species.
 Leikung is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Turtle Island (foaled 16 March 1991) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was one of the leading British two-year-olds of 1993 when he won four of his seven races including the Norfolk Stakes Phoenix Stakes and Gimcrack Stakes. In the following year he won the Greenham Stakes before winning the Irish 2000 Guineas by fifteen lengths. He was beaten in his three remaining races and was retired to stud where he had some success as a sire of winners.
 Phyllocnistis triploca is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Bihar India. The hostplant for the species is an unidentified species of Loranthus.
 Stiff-tailed ducks are part of the Oxyurinae subfamily of ducks. All have as their name implies long stiff tail feathers which are erected when the bird is at rest. All have relatively large swollen bills.These are freshwater diving ducks.
 Azygophleps nubilosa is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Uganda Tanzania and South Africa.
 The Manus Boobook (Ninox meeki) is a small owl. It has an unmarked brown facial disk rufous crown and back barred white flight feathers and tail and whitish underparts with rufous streaking.This species is endemic to Manus Island in the Admiralty Islands. It lives mainly in forests but will appear in trees humans and will sometimes occupy riparian habitats. It is fairly common throughout its limited range.
 Our Mims (March 8 1974 - December 9 2003) was a champion Thoroughbred racing mare and broodmare yet she came very close to dying abandoned in a field of cattle.
 Isopsettini is a tribe of fish in the Pleuronectinae subfamily. It consists of just one genus Isopsetta.
 The Australasian Darter or Australian Darter (Anhinga novaehollandiae) is a species of bird in the darter family Anhingidae. It is found in Australia Indonesia New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.
 Amauropsis subperforata is a deepwater species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae.
 Hilarographa cirrhocosma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Tomodon is a genus of colubrid snakes which are endemic to South America. Three species are currently recognized. Tomodon dorsatus A.M.C. Duméril Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril 1854 Tomodon ocellatus A.M.C. Duméril Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril 1854Tomodon orestes Harvey & Muñoz 2004↑ ↑
 Chesias linogrisearia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sardinia.
 Calathus rufocastaneus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Parthenina dollfusi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Strophotina apparata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Pseudoswammerdamia combinella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Europe and Anatolia.The wingspan is 13–16 mm. The moth flies from April to May..The larvae feed on Prunus spinosa.
 The Moustached Grass Warbler (Melocichla mentalis) is a species of African Warbler formerly placed in the Sylviidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Malawi Mali Mauritania Mozambique Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are moist savanna and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 The buffalo darter Etheostoma bison is found in the tributaries of the lower Duck and lower Tennessee Rivers. Etheostoma bison is distinguished from other darter species by the presence of 8 anal rays as well breeding males having a unique hump behind the head reminiscent of a buffalo.
 Glyptorhagada silveriis a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Plagiotremus iosodon is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean.
 Samum was a fort in the Roman province of Dacia.
 The Tibetan dwarf hamster (Cricetulus alticola) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found not only in Tibet and China but also in India and Nepal.
 Proserpinus flavofasciata the Yellow-banded Day Sphinx is a species of hawk moth which occurs at the edges of and in clearings in boreal and mountain forests across Canada as far south as Maine and Massachusetts in the east and as far north as Alaska in the west. It is much commoner in the west of its range.
 Coleophora lutipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Mediterranean Islands.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Castanea sativa Quercus macranthera Quercus petraea Quercus pontica Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur. They create a light brown trivalved tubular silken case of about 7 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°. Full-grown larvae can be found in early June.
 Phreatobius cisternarum is a species of catfish in the genus Phreatobius. This Brazilian fish is one of the few fish species that live underground in phreatic habitats. It has proved problematic in its classification which remains uncertain.
 Ingerophrynus claviger is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aquilonastra conandae is a species of starfish from the Asterinidae family.
 Cucarastichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Diadesmola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Diadesmola bicolor which is found in Irian Jaya.
 Enyalioides azulae is a species of lizard in the genus Enyalioides known from only one location in the Cordillera Azul National Park in Peru.
 Procryptocerus is a genus of gliding ants with the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. The genus was created by Emery (1887) to include species of Neotropical ants that were considered similar to those of the Paleotropical genus Cataulacus of the tribe Cataulacini. Procryptocerus is a lineage composed of about 80 species inhabiting rainforests from the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in Mexico to northern Argentina.
 Bathytoma belaeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Ptychocroca keelioides is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Santiago Province and Valparaiso Region).Adults are variable in most specimens the grey overscaling of theforewing diminishes the contrast between the dark basal area and the white or pale distal portion. They have a patch of beige-orangescaling on each side of the pouch that conceals the hindwing hairpencil. Adults are on wing from October to February.
 The Sweetfern Underwing (Catocala antinympha) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Quebec and Ontario east to Nova Scotia and south to Connecticut Rhode Island New York Massachusetts Pennsylvania and Maryland.The wingspan is 45–55 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Comptonia peregrina.
 Scinax parkeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Bolivia possibly Brazil and possibly Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Praealticus oortii is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean.
 Amphicynodon is an extinct genus of mammal of the superfamily Ursoidea endemic to Europe and Asia during the Oligocene living from ~33.9—28.4 Mya existing for approximately 5.5 million years.Amphicynodon is a small basal member of Ursoidae similar to early Mustelids in both size and existence.
 Cyclosma is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Glomibidion tumidum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Glomibidion.
 Paratamboicus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Cnodontes bouyeri is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba). The habitat consists of woodland.
 Abatus cordatus is a species of sea urchin of the family Schizasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. It came from the genus Abatus and lives in the sea. Abatus cordatus was first scientifically described in 1876 by Verrill.
 Native Upmanship was a National Hunt racehorse. He was trained in Ireland by Arthur Moore and owned by John Magnier.
 Carinoturris fortis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Speckled Tinkerbird (Pogoniulus scolopaceus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.
 Buzara propyrrha is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Australia and Fiji.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Corinne (1815–after 1832) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare which in 1818 became the second filly to win both the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse and the Oaks at Epsom Downs Racecourse. In a racing career which lasted from April 1818 until August 1820 she ran eighteen times and won eight races.
 Macaroeris nidicolens is a species of jumping spider that occurs from Europe to Central Asia.
 Cnemaspis kolhapurensis is a species of gecko described from the hills in Kolhapur in Maharashtra India.
 The Hispaniolan greater funnel-eared bat (Natalus major) is a species of funnel-eared bat found on the island of Hispaniola. First described in 1902 it has a complex taxonomic history with some authors identifying multiple subspecies now recognised as the separate species Natalus primus and Natalus jamaicensis and others considering Natalus major to be itself a subspecies of Natalus stramineus. It lives primarily in caves and feeds on insects.
 Hyponephele cheena is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It is found in India.
 Anisothrix is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1891.
 Zodarion zorba is a spider species found in Greece.
 Scopula galactina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 Rodaba is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Slender-billed Vulture (Gyps tenuirostris) is a recently recognized species of Old World vulture. For some time it was categorized with its relative the Indian Vulture under the name of Long-billed Vulture. However these two species have non-overlapping distribution ranges and can be immediately told apart by trained observers even at considerable distances.
 Callicore is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in the Neotropical Ecozone. This genus like some related ones was formerly lumped together as the paraphyletic Catagramma assemblage.Species in this genus are commonly called eighty-eights or numberwings like the related genera Diaethria and Perisama in reference to the characteristic patterns on the hindwing undersides of many.
 Carabus obsoletus fossulifer is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that might be extinct throughout Europe.
 Trichomycterus guaraquessaba is a species of pencil catfish presently only known from Rio Bracinho a small isolated river in Paraná state Brazil.This is an elongate catfish up to 91.5 centimetres (36.0 in) standard length. It has no unique morphological features and can be distinguished from its congeners by a combination of characters including a uniformly grey colouring with only small dark spots on the flank pelvic fin not covering the urogenital opening and square-ended caudal fin.
 Paska's blue-eye (Pseudomugil paskai) is a species of fish in the Pseudomugilidae family. It is found in Indonesia and New Mexico.
 Palaeospinax is an extinct genus of shark which lived from the Early Triassic to the end of the Eocene epoch. Although several species have been described the genus is considered nomen dubium because the type-specimen of the type species Paleospinax priscus lacks appropriate diagnostic characters to define the genus.
 Pseudotolida ephippiata is a beetle in the Pseudotolida genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Scopula guancharia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 23-24 mm. Adults are on wing nearly year round.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants including Calendula species.
 For the family of Spanish painters see José Balaca y Carrión (1800–1869)Balaca is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains only one species Balaca picaria which can be found in New Guinea.
 Thraupis is a genus of birds of the tanager family occurring from Mexico to Argentina. Some are familiar species with large ranges. As currently defined the genus includes 9 species but this includes species from two separate clades. Consequently the genus is paraphyletic and two species (T. cyanocephala and T.
 Eupithecia minucia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador Colombia and Bolivia.
 Turricula faurei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Monotomidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga containing the following genera: Afrobaenus Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Aneurops Sharp 1900 Arunus Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Bactridium J.LeConte 1861 Barunius Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Crowsonius Pakaluk & Slipinski 1993 Eporus Grouvelle 1897 Europs Wollaston 1854 Hesperobaenus J.LeConte 1861 Hiekesia Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Indoleptipsius Pal 2000 Kakamodes Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Lenax Sharp 1877 Leptipsius Casey 1916 Macreurops Casey 1916 Malabica Sen Gupta 1988 Malinica Sen Gupta 1988 Mimema Wollaston 1861 Mimemodes Reitter 1876 Monotoma Herbst 1793 Monotomopsis Grouvelle 1896 Monotopion Reitter 1884 Noveurops Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Pararhizophagus Méquignon 1913 Phyconomus LeConte 1861 Pycnotomina Casey 1916 Renuka Sen Gupta 1988 Rhizophagoides Nakane & Hisamatsu 1963 Rhizophagus Herbst 1793 Rumnicus Sen Gupta & Pal 1995 Shoguna Lewis 1884 Tarunius Sen Gupta 1977 Thione Sharp 1899↑
 Echinolittorina feejeensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Thysanotus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Thysanotus ambreanus Jeannel 1949 Thysanotus anchomenoides (Gory & Castelnau 1837) Thysanotus apicalis (Alluaud 1936) Thysanotus consobrinus Jeannel 1949 Thysanotus dentipes (Jeannel 1955) Thysanotus dilutipes (Fairmaire 1896) Thysanotus gracilis Jeannel 1949 Thysanotus madagascariensis (Chaudoir 1850) Thysanotus mirabilis (Alluaud 1895) Thysanotus nosybianus Jeannel 1949 Thysanotus olsoufieffi Jeannel 1949 Thysanotus spinipennis (Alluaud 1936) Thysanotus spinosus (Alluaud 1936) Thysanotus tenuestriatus Jeannel 1949 Thysanotus vadoni Jeannel 1949↑
 Pterengraulis atherinoides the Wingfin anchovy is a species of anchovy which is found along the Atlantic coast of South America from the Orinoco Delta to Ceará Brazil. It is the only species in its genus.
 Besla insularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods.
 The Straneck's Tyrannulet (Serpophaga griseicapilla) also known as the Monte Tyrannulet and Grey-crowned Tyrannulet is a small species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is found in woodland and open habitats with scatted bushes and trees in south-central South America but the details are still unclear. It breeds in Argentina but may also breed in Bolivia.
 The Hong Kong warty newt or Hong Kong newt (Paramesotriton hongkongensis see also the synonyms) is the only species of salamander (also known as the tailed amphibian) found in Hong Kong. Once thought to be endemic to the territory the species has also been found in the coastal parts of Guangdong Province. The newt is treated by some naturalists as a subspecies of Paramesotriton chinensis.
 Eupithecia violacea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Epischnia prodromella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Hübner in 1799 and is known from North Africa and most of Europe except Fennoscandia Ireland Great Britain and the Baltic region.The wingspan is 28–35 mm.
 The Ecuador poison frog (Ameerega bilinguis) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family found in Colombia Ecuador and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Favartia edwardpauli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hypolycaena liara the Black-patch Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda Somalia Kenya Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests and secondary growth.The larvae feed on Vitex species.
 Archips okuiho is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream brown slightly mixed with pale ferruginous in the costal half. The strigulation is indistinct and brownish although the basal third of the wing is suffused brown. The hindwings are brownish.
 Vaejovis is a genus of scorpion.
 The buff-bellied fat-tailed mouse opossum (Thylamys venustus) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae. It is found in the forests of northern Argentina and southern Bolivia. Its dorsal fur is cinnamon brown. Most of its ventral fur is gray-based but its chest throat and the thoracic midline (the midline of the thorax which ranges from the throat to the top of the abdomen) are not gray-based. The postorbital ridges are absent in the young and weakly developed in adults.
 Prionopleurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Amydria apachella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona.
 Parapsilorhynchus is a genus of cyprinid fishes endemic to India. There are currently four described species in this genus.
 Bacteridium resticulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species remains within the Bacteridium genus of gastropods with the exception of the other three related species being Bacteridium bermudense Bacteridium carinatum and Bacteridium vittatum.
 Macarostola paradisia is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.The head of this species is ochreous-whitisch palpi smooth-scaled crimson-pink. Legs white partially suffused with yellowish. Forewings light crimson; base narrowly pale yellowish a moderate subquadrate yellow spot on dorsum towards base; two elongate yellow spots on dorsum before an beyond middle of the wing.
 Fusceulima sordida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Kloss's Leaf Warbler (Phylloscopus ogilviegranti) is a leaf warbler found in Cambodia China Laos Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Most taxonomists previously considered it to be a subspecies of the Davison's Leaf Warbler.
 Nodulotrophon scolopax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Splendrillia crassiplicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Mesatirhinus is a genus of brontothere endemic to North America during the Eocene living from 50.3—42 mya existing for approximately 8.3 million years.
 Coleophora univittella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Ukraine.
 The Crested Goshawk (Accipiter trivirgatus) is a bird of prey from tropical Asia. It is related to other diurnal raptors such as eagles buzzards (or buteos) and harriers and thus placed in the family Accipitridae.
 Royal Academy (February 21 1987 – 22 February 2012) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse bred in the United States best known as the winner of the 1990 Breeders' Cup Mile in which famed British jockey Lester Piggott came out of retirement to ride the colt to victory.In 1991 Royal Academy was retired to stud at Coolmore Stud's American arm Ashford Stud in Versailles Kentucky.
 Exilioidea rectirostris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 The round goby (Neogobius melanostomus) is an euryhaline bottom-dwelling goby of the family Gobiidae native to central Eurasia including the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea. Round gobies have established large non-native populations in the Baltic Sea several major Eurasian rivers and the North American Great Lakes.
 Zabrus ambiguus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.
 Gnorismoneura elegantica is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cinnamon along the costa and at the base but blackish grey to beyond the middle and then much paler greyish scaled cream. There are a few black dots along the termen beneath the apex. The Hindwings are brownish.
 Rhizoconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (January 2012) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 The relict darter Etheostoma chienense a rare species of fish in the perch family is endemic to Kentucky in the United States where it occurs only in the drainage of the Bayou du Chien a stream. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This fish part of the Etheostoma squamiceps species complex was formally described in 1992. It grows up to about 7.2 cm in length.
 Monocentropus is a spider genus in the Theraphosidae familia.
 Dasycrotapha is a genus of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It contains the following species: Flame-templed Babbler (Dasycrotapha speciosa) Mindanao Pygmy Babbler (Dasycrotapha plateni) Visayan Pygmy Babbler (Dasycrotapha pygmaea)
 Diamesinae is a subfamily of midges in the non-biting midge family (Chironomidae).
 Bernardodon was a small Lower Cretaceous mammal from Portugal. It is part of the extinct order Multituberculata living at the same time as the dinosaurs. Differs from Pinheirodon in having I3 wider and more robust; on P5 the cusps of BB row do not extend for the whole tooth length.
 Heterostegane is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mecochirus is an extinct genus of lobster-like decapod crustaceans containing 17 species.
 Ledereragrotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Branchinella basispina is a species of crustacean in the family Thamnocephalidae. It is endemic to Australia.
 Atrophaneura nox (Swainson 1822 Zool. Illustr. (1) 2 (20): pl. 102) is a papilionid butterfly jound in Java North Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia.
 The Kerala Laughingthrush (Trochalopteron fairbanki) is a species of laughingthrush endemic to the hills of the Western Ghats south of the Palghat Gap in Southern India. Found in the high montane forests this grey bibbed rufous bellied bird with a prominent dark eyestripe and broad white brow was grouped along with the grey-breasted subspecies of the Black-chinned Laughingthrush and known as the Grey-breasted Laughingthrush.
 Alopecosa striatipes is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Europe and Central Asia.
 Coleostoma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Chrysomeloidea are an enormous superfamily of beetles with tens of thousands of species mostly in the families Cerambycidae (the long-horned beetles) and Chrysomelidae the leaf beetles.
 The Dark-branded Bushbrown Mycalesis mineus is a species of satyrine butterfly found in Asia.
 Syntypistis victor is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in China (Beijing Liaoning Hubei Shaanxi).
 Trypeta amanda is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Mastacembelus albomaculatus is a species of fish in the Mastacembelidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Nyceryx mielkei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil.
 The Grass-green Tanager (Chlorornis riefferii) is a small passerine bird one of the tanager family. It is the only member of the genus Chloronis.The Grass-green Tanager is 20 cm in length and weighs 53g. It lives in and around subtropical and temperate forests in the Andes of Colombia Ecuador Bolivia and Peru at elevations of 1500–3350 m.It is seen in pairs or in groups of 3-6 individuals. It forages mostly on upper half of short trees and eats fruits and insects.
 Panaqolus is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Indoseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Mosopia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-east Asia including Thailand Borneo and Malaysia. The genus was first described by Francis Walker in 1866 from a specimen in the British Museum. The specimen Walker describes was from Penang in Malaysia.Walker gave Mosopia megaspila as a type species.
 Scopula sapor is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Hyposmocoma indicella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala where it was collected on an altitude of 5000 feet and higher.
 Mambara is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Odezia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Species include: Odezia atrata – Chimney Sweeper
 The Shadowy Broad-nosed Bat (Platyrrhinus umbratus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 Sphaerophoria scripta is a European species of hoverfly. They can complete a full life cycle in as little as sixteen days (egg to egg-laying adult) and a maximum of nine generations may occur in a single year.
 The Golden Monarch (Carterornis chrysomela) is a species of passerine bird in the Monarchidae family found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. The Golden Monarch displays marked sexual dimorphism the male a striking golden colour with black mask wings and tail the female a golden or golden-olive colour. Both bear a characteristic 'teardrop' white pattern below the eye.
 Hypocrita escuintia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Peckemys is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Hell Creek Formation United States during the late Cretaceous period (Maastrichtian age). It was first named by Tyler R. Lyson and Walter G. Joyce in 2009 and the type species is Peckemys brinkman.
 Spalding's Quaker (Apamea spaldingi) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is native to interior western North America.The forewing length is up to 20 millimeters. It is mottled and streaked gray with lighter hindwings and is somewhat variable. The flight season is early for Apamea beginning in April in some areas.
 The Lined Quaker (Apamea inficita) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is native to North America where it can be found from Newfoundland west to British Columbia north to the Yukon and the Northwest Territories and south to Colorado.The wingspan is 34–36 mm. The moth is rusty or yellowish brown or sometimes pinkish in color. It has a darkened spot on the forewings and a disc-shaped spot on the hindwings. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
 The rock horned lizard or Ditmars' horned lizard (Phrynosoma ditmarsi) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard found in Sonora in northern Mexico south of the Arizona border. Bearing the shortest horns of all the horned lizards it lives in thorn-scrub and deciduous Sinaloan woodlands. The Rock horned lizard was lost to science for about 65 years. It has a unique habitat preference and limited distribution.
 Nototylinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains the single genus Nototylus with the single species Nototylus fryi.
 The Ornate Mastigure (Uromastyx ornata) is one of the most colorful members of the genus in Israel with lengths of up to 37 cm. Ornate Mastigure can be found on rocky areas in Egypt Israel and Saudi Arabia. Its conservation status is EN (BC2a) according to Endangered species in Israel the red list of threatened animals .
 Ittibittium houbricki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Tortyra hyalozona is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Colombia.
 Lunella cinerea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Merrifieldia huberti is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Kyrgyzstan.The wingspan is 16–20 millimetres (0.63–0.79 in).
 Diarsia flavostigma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Borneo and possibly Sumatra.
 Coccymys kirrhos is a rodent in the family of Muridae that is native to New Guinea. The species was described in 2009.
 The Crested Argus (Rheinardia ocellata) are large and spectacular pheasant-like peafowl with dark-brown-spotted black and buff plumage a heavy pink bill brown irises and blue skin around the eyes. The head has two crests. The hind crest which extends down the occiput is erected when alarmed and during intention behaviors including pair bonding and courtship displays. The male has a broad and greatly elongated tail of twelve feathers. He measures from 1.9–2.39 m (6.2–7.8 ft) in total length.
 Sphodromantis gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in the Transvaal.
 Callionymus decoratus the Decorated dragonet is a species of dragonet endemic to the waters around the Hawaiian Islands where it occurs at depths of from 1 to 134 metres (3.3 to 439.6 ft). This species grows to a length of 20.8 centimetres (8.2 in) SL.
 The Black body moray (Gymnothorax melanosomatus) is an eel in the family Muraenidae (moray eels). It was described by Loh Kar-Hoe Shao Kwang-Tsao and Chen Hong-Ming in 2011. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from southeastern Taiwan in the Pacific Ocean.
 Daphnella compsa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Whiskered Auklet (Aethia pygmaea) is a small seabird of the auk family. It has a more restricted range than other members of its genus Aethia living only around the Aleutian Islands and on some islands off Siberia (like Commander Islands) and breeding on these islands. It is one of the smallest alcids only the closely related Least Auklet being smaller.
 Eilema prabhasana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Neptis sextilla is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
 Meiacanthus naevius is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian ocean around western Australia. This species grows to a length of 3.6 centimetres (1.4 in) SL.
 Eburia cacapyra is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found in Ecuador.
 Nasusina minuta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the desert regions of southern California western Arizona and Nevada.The wingspan is about 14-16 mm. The wings are light grey with a slight ochreous tinge. The maculation of the forewings is obscure but in well-marked specimens the median area is shaded with smoky and forms an oblique band across the wing. The discal dot is quite minute. The hindwings are largely dull whitish with smoky shading along the inner margin.
 The sterlet (Acipenser ruthenus) is a relatively small species of sturgeon from Eurasia. It is native to large rivers that flow into the Black Sea Azov Sea and Caspian Sea as well as rivers in Siberia as far east as Yenisei. Populations migrating between fresh- and saltwater (anadromous) have been extirpated.Due to overfishing (for its flesh caviar and isinglass) pollution and dams the sterlet has declined throughout its native range and is considered vulnerable by the IUCN.
 Eupithecia microptilota is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 15–17 mm. The forewings are pale greyish green with black lines. The hindwings whitish without markings but with a long fringe.
 Lysitona are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Lysitona euryacta which is found in Mozambique.
 Cerradomys maracajuensis also known as the Maracaju Oryzomys is a rodent species from South America. It is terrestrial and is found in gallery forests in Bolivia Paraguay and nearby Brazil and Peru. It was first discovered near the Brazilian city of Maracaju.
 Gastrotheca orophylax is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and arable land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stephensia unipunctella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Spain.
 Trogoparvus is a genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae containing the following species: Trogoparvus sulcatopygus Pic 1927 Trogoparvus sumatrensis Háva 2001↑
 Romualdia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Eudiadora is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Eudiadora bronzeola Cobos 1959 Eudiadora kerremansi Obenberger 1932 Eudiadora meliboeoides Obenberger 1947 Eudiadora pulchra (Obenberger 1922)↑
 Bresilioidea is a superfamily of shrimp. It is likely to be an artificial group containing five families which may or may not be related.
 Asteronotus mimeticus is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Pavoclinus graminis the Grass klipfish is a species of clinid found along the coast of southern Africa from Inhambane Mozambique to False Bay South Africa. It is mostly found in tide pools where it prefers weedy areas. It can reach a maximum length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL.
 Thitarodes namensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is found in China.
 Dryophthorus distinguendus was a species of beetle in family Curculionidae. It was endemic to the Hawaiian islands.
 Nacella concinna is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nacellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Prochola is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family.
 Ascocotyle angrense is a fluke in the genus Ascocotyle that mainly infects birds. It has previously been confused with A. diminuta which infects fish-eating birds and raccoons. It has also been recorded from the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) in a saltwater marsh at Cedar Key Florida where it occurred in 25% of animals.
 Hypsopygia joannisalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire.
 Forever Yours (foaled 1933) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse retrospectively named the 1935 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly. She was owned by Ethel Mars' Milky Way Farm and trained by Robert McGarvey.Among her wins in her Championship year Forever Yours won the Arlington Lassie Stakes at Arlington Park in Chicago and the Spinaway Stakes at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs New York.
 Bavayia or partie geckos are a genus of geckos from the remote New Caledonia and Loyalty Islands. These 13 species are moderately small to medium-sized geckos and are distinguished from other genera by their tail length and the shape of their digits.
 The Yellow-browed Tyrant (Satrapa icterophrys) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Satrapa.[citation needed]It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Paraguay Peru Uruguay and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Daphnis nerii (formerly Deilephila nerii) known as the Oleander Hawk-moth Or Army Green Moth is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
 Anisotenes libidinosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Scythris noricella is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It was described by Zeller in 1843. It has a Holarctic distribution. In Europe it is found on most of the continent except Ireland Great Britain the Netherlands Denmark the Iberian Peninsula the Baltic region and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Epilobium angustifolium.
 Coleophora dangchuanica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China (Gansu Province).
 Provanna pacifica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Caloptilia spinulosa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China (Jiangxi).
 Munditia suteri is a minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Liotiidae.
 Hyposmocoma elegantula is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality is Koko Head.Adults have been collected at flowers of Lipochaeta integrifolia but the larvae and the hostplant are unknown.
 Dactyloscopus is a genus of sand stargazers native to the coasts of the Americas.
 Calisto chrysaoros is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola where it is found at high elevations on the both southern and northern paleoislands in the refugias.The larvae feed on Arthrostylidium species.
 Hasodima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Typhlocypris is a genus of ostracods which are a class of small bivalved crustaceans. It includes Pseudocandona formerly recognised as a separate genus as one of its two constituent subgenera. The nominate subgenus is divided into four species groups: the eremita species group the caribbeana species group the rostrata species group and the prespica species group.
 Clonuncaria is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Caseolus is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae.The name Caseolus is masculine and means little cheese based on the shape of the shell of this species.
 Spirotropis tmeta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Blackgut conger (Gnathophis bathytopos is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David G. Smith and Robert H. Kanazawa in 1977. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Straits of Florida USA and the southeastern Gulf of Mexico in the western Atlantic Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 180-370 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 35 centimetres.
 Urophora chimborazonis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Stictoleptura erythroptera is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily that can be found in Central and Western Europe (except for Portugal). The species can also be found in Eastern European countries like Bulgaria and Romania. It can also be found in Anatolia the Caucasus and Iran.
 Amalodeta electraula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Graciliceratops (meaning 'graceful horned face') is a small Ceratopsian dinosaur originally described by Maryanska and Osmolska in 1975 and referred to Microceratops gobiensis. It was later redescribed as a new genus and species by Paul Sereno in 2000. It is known from the Late Cretaceous period and its fossils were found in Mongolia. Only a partial skeleton has been found. The type (and only known) species is Graciliceratops mongoliensis.
 Diadegma albipes is a wasp first described by Horstmann in 1981. No subspecies are listed.
 Brachygobius doriae is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of Indonesia Brunei and Singapore. This species can reach a length of 4.2 centimetres (1.7 in) TL.
 Trifurcula macedonica is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by A. and Z. Laštuvka in 1998. It is known from Negotino Macedonia.
 Amerila bauri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1884. It is found in Mozambique Namibia South Africa and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Eugenia species and Syzygium cordatum.
 The Chestnut-capped Laughingthrush (Garrulax mitratus) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. The Chestnut-hooded Laughingthrush was previously considered a subspecies.
 Greta theudelinda is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Bolivia and Peru.The wingspan is about 70 mm.
 Dr. Fager (April 6 1964 - August 5 1976) was an American thoroughbred racehorse who had what many consider one of the greatest single racing seasons by any horse in the history of the sport. He is the only horse to ever held four titles in one year 1968 when he was named the Horse of the Year champion handicap horse champion sprinter and co-champion grass horse.
 Hermaea is a genus of sacoglossan sea slugs a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Hermaeidae.Hermaea is the type genus of the family Hermaeidae.
 Euterebra scalariformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Myrmica vandeli is an ant species is found sporadically in across several European countries (Austria Bulgaria the Czech Republic France Germany Great Britain Poland Romania Spain Sweden Switzerland Slovakia western Ukraine and the former Yugoslavia). It often coexists with M. scabrinodis. It lives in open wet meadows. Nests are typically constructed in moss pads. Polygynous colonies may contain 1500 workers. Larvae of Phengaris butterflies may parasitize their colonies.
 Eupithecia subregulosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Saudi Arabia.
 Bebearia octogramma the Green-spotted Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wet primary forests.Adults feed on fallen fruit.The larvae feed on an unidentified dicotyledonous tree.
 Lovricia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Lovricia aenigmatica Lakota Mlejnek & Jalzic 2002 Lovricia jalzici Pretner 1979↑
 Chicoreus aculeatus common name the pendant murex is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Puerto Rican Bullfinch (Loxigilla portoricensis) or Comeñame in Spanish is a small Bullfinch tanager endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of three species belonging to the genus Loxigilla. These used to be considered Emberizidae.The Puerto Rican Bullfinch has black feathers with red areas above the eyes around its throat and underneath the tail's base.
 Triplophysa stewarti is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 The Barbados threadsnake (Leptotyphlops carlae) is a species of blind threadsnake. It is the smallest snake species currently known to exist. This member of the Leptotyphlopidae family is endemic to the Caribbean island of Barbados.The snake was first described and identified as a separate species in 2008 by S. Blair Hedges a biologist from Pennsylvania State University.
 The Rock Ringlet (Hypocysta euphemia) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Australia including southern Queensland New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults have brown wings with a complex pattern of darker lines and one large and one small eyespot on each wing. The underside of the wings is similar to the upperside but the two eyespots are more equal in size.The larvae feed on various Poaceae species.
 Addyme inductalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Addyme. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Taiwan Japan India Sri Lanka Borneo Sumatra Sulawesi and Australia.
 Allopetrolisthes is a genus of porcelain crabs comprising three species:Allopetrolisthes angulosus (Guérin 1835)Allopetrolisthes punctatus (Guérin 1835)Allopetrolisthes spinifrons (H. Milne-Edwards 1837)↑ ↑
 Choreutis falsifica is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1927. It is found on Samoa.
 Cyatta abscondita is an ant species from Myrmicinae subfamily considered the most recent ancestor of all fungus-farming ants and a living fossil.
 Thallarcha mochlina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1899. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.
 Eudesmia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Obesotoma solida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Astia is a genus of jumping spiders.
 The Papallacta robber frog (Pristimantis acerus) is a frog species from South America. It is endemic to Ecuador. This species is rated as Endangered by the IUCN.
 The Malayan shrew (Crocidura malayana) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mentawai long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys siporanus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Parexoletuncus is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Hypermastus productus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Angola forest tree frog Leptopelis cynnamomeus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Angola the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Conchatalos tirardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ophionereis reticulata the reticulated brittle star is a brittle star in the family Ophionereididae. It is found in shallow parts of the western Atlantic Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
 Catophoenissa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Parasa viridiflamma is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in Taiwan. The habitat consists of mid-elevation mountain areas (altitudes ranging from 1400 to 2610 meters).The wingspan is 23–24 mm for males and about 26 mm for females. The forewing ground colour is chestnut with a median large green patch delimited externally by a white line which is in turn is lined by a brown border.
 Eunephrops cadenasi sometimes called the sculptured lobster is a species of lobster found in the Caribbean.
 Conus taslei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Sternacanthus unifasciatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1922.
 Otobius megnini also known as the spinose ear tick is a soft-bodied tick that is only parasitic in the larval and nymphal stages. As its common name suggests the spinose ear tick's parasitic forms are usually found within the ears of the definitive host. This tick has a worldwide distribution with common hosts that include horses cattle sheep goats and dogs.
 Vidius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Turbonilla eodem is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Anteosauridae is a family of large carnivorous dinocephalian therapsids that are known from the Middle Permian of Asia Africa and South America.These animals were by far the largest predators of the Permian period with skulls reaching 80 cm in length in adult individuals far larger than the biggest gorgonopsian.
 The kit fox (Vulpes macrotis) is a fox species of North America. Its range is primarily in the southwestern United States and northern and central Mexico. Some mammalogists classify it as conspecific with the swift fox V. velox but molecular systematics imply that the two species are distinct.
 Glabrennea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Cnemidochroma phyllopoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schmidt in 1924. It is known from central Brazil.
 Brachylomia discinigra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New Brunswick to British Columbia and adjacent parts of the United States.The wingspan is about 31 mm.
 Copelatus compertus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1956.
 Cyanopepla amata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1890. It is found in Colombia.
 Brachinus testaceus is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Actia yasumatsui is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actia of the family Tachinidae.
 Sternarchogiton porcinum is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae. It is native to deep river channels in the Río Huallaga Río Napo and Río Amazonas in Peru and in the Río Orinoco in Venezuela. Many specimens once identified as S. porcinum from the Brazilian Amazon Basin and the Venezuelan Orinoco are now known to be a different species S. preto.S.
 Athyma is a genus of brush-footed butterflies. They are commonly known as the true or typical sergeants to distinguish them from the false sergeants of the genus Pseudathyma a fairly close relative from the Adoliadini.
 Antedonidae is a family of crinoids or feather stars in the phylum Echinodermata. Members of the family are unstalked and have ten feathery arms. They can move about freely and have clawed cirri to attach them temporarily to structures.
 Hysterophora is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Shungtangenoceras is a conical plectronoceratoid cephalopod from the Upper Cambrian of north-eastern China described by Sun (1937) as a primitive endoceroid. Because of its apparently poor preservation its ordinal and familial position is uncertain. It could be included in either the Plectronocerida family Plectronoceratidae or the Ellesmerocerida family Ellesmeroceratidae (Flower 1954).
 Eulepidotis graminea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Guyana.
 Colina macrostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Marstonia agarhecta common name Ocmulgee marstonia is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.This species is endemic to Georgia the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Iphinopsis inflata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Ptiloneuridae (literally downy veins) is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha. Like the other members of the infra-order Epipsocetae they have a labrum with two sclerotized ridges.
 Mansonella ozzardi is a parasite in the phylum of Nematoda. This filarial nematode is one of two that causes serous cavity filariasis in humans. The other filarial nematode that causes it in humans is Mansonella perstans. M. ozzardi is an endoparasite that inhabits the serous cavity of the abdomen in the human host. It lives within the mesenteries peritoneum and in the subcutaneous tissue.
 Mordella norfolcensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1917.
 Coregonus alpinus is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae. It is endemic to Lake Thun in Switzerland's Interlaken region where it is found in deep water. The maximum length recorded for this species is 25 centimetres (9.8 in). It feeds on chironomids and other bottom-dwelling invertebrates. It is known as the kropfer a name also applied to the probably extinct species Coregonus restrictus.
 Anstenoptilia hugoiella is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.The wingspan is 18-20 mm. Adults are on wing in February March and August.
 Wilkingia is an extinct genus of fossil bivalve mollusks that lived from the Late Silurian to the Permian in Asia Europe North America and South America.
 Tarachodes nyassanus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Rose-fronted Parakeet (Pyrrhura roseifrons) also known as the Red-crowned Parakeet (leading to easy confusion with the Cyanoramphus novaezelandiae) or in aviculture the Rose-fronted Conure is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It is found in the western Amazon basin in eastern Peru far south-eastern Ecuador north-western Bolivia and far western Brazil. It includes the Wavy-breasted Parakeet (P.
 Xenolechia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Coleophora eichleri is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia and central Asia. It occurs in desert-steppe and desert biotopes.Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on Caroxylon dendroides and Kochia prostrata. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Paraharmochirus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The single described species Paraharmochirus monstrosus is only found on New Guinea.
 Monoceratuncus cryphalus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Dasyvesica lophotalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Dasyvesica. It is found in Jamaica and Costa Rica.
 Tortricodes alternella is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe except most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 19–23 mm. Adults are on wing from February and April.The larvae feed on various trees and bushes including Quercus and Carpinus species. They spin together the leaves of their host plant and feed within.
 Iolaus poecilaon the Intense Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Phragmanthera rufescens Phragmanthera usuiensis usuiensis Phragmanthera polycrypta and Phragmanthera brieyi. The head of the larvae closely resemble new buds of their host plant.
 The Nankeen Night Heron (Nycticorax caledonicus) also commonly referred to as the Rufous Night Heron and in Melanesia as Melabaob is a medium-sized heron. It is found throughout much of Australia except the arid inland Indonesia the Philippines Papua New Guinea and Melanesia. A small colony has also established near Wanganui New ZealandThe Nankeen Night Heron stands about 60 cm tall with a stooped appearance. It is not strictly nocturnal.
 Choreutis montana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Qinghai) Kirghizia Tadzhikistan and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. The basic color of the forewings is gray with whitish granulation. The basal area is bordered by an oblique but straight black line which disappears in the region of the median cell. There is large white granulation on the middle area forming two broad diffused light gray transverse stripes.
 The Rufous-vented Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone rufocinerea) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps and shrub-dominated wetlands.
 The Vietnam Leaf-nosed Bat (Paracoelops megalotis) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is monotypic within the genus Paracoelops. It is endemic to Vietnam. It is threatened by habitat loss. The IUCN Red List of threatened species lists this bat as data deficient. This species is only known from one degraded specimen. Many researchers fear that this species of bat is already extinct as it has not been seen in over 60 years.
 Paristiopterus is a genus of armorheads native to the coasts of Australia and New Zealand.
 Greta libethris common name Libethris Clearwing is a day active ithomiine butterfly from the subfamily Ithomiinae.
 Habrobelus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 Nipponapterocis is a genus of tree-fungus beetles in the family Ciidae.
 Searenia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Malkohas are large birds in the cuckoo family Cuculidae all in the genus Phaenicophaeus. The group name is derived from the Sinhala word for the Red-faced Malkoha; Mal-Koha meaning flower-cuckoo. These are all Asian tropical species. The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek phoiniko- crimson and phaes eyes or face referring to the Red-faced Malkoha.
 Hyperolius punctulatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Angola.Its natural habitats are swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Réunion Bulbul (Hypsipetes borbonicus) also known as Olivaceous Bulbul is a passerine endemic to Réunion. Formerly the Mauritius Bulbul was included here as subspecies olivaceus but nowadays H. borbonicus is considered monotypic.
 The Andean Slaty Thrush (Turdus nigriceps) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in north-west Argentina Bolivia Ecuador and Peru. The subspecies found in north-east Argentina Paraguay and Brazil is often considered to be a separate species the Eastern Slaty Thrush (T. subalaris).Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Littoraria articulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The flying fox (Epalzeorhynchos kalopterus) is a popular freshwater community-aquarium fish that belongs to the Cyprinidae family. It is known to eat green algae. It is also known as kuonobarbi in the aquarium trade and is sometimes mistakenly referred to as the Siamese Algae Eater.
 Hemipenthes morio is a species of 'bee flies' belonging to the family Bombyliidae subfamily Anthracinae.This common 'bee-fly' is mainly present in most of Europe in eastern Palearctic ecozone in the Near East and in Nearctic ecozone. The adults grow up to 7–10 millimetres (0.28–0.39 in) long while the wingspan reaches 5–15 millimetres (0.20–0.59 in).
 Pseudocalotes was disassociated from Calotes by Moody (1980). Pseudocalotes is distinguished from Calotes in having weak limbs as may be noted in some of the species names brevipes. It is distinguished from the C. versicolor group in having mixed orientation of dorsal scales and lacking spines on the head. It is distinguished from Bronchocela in lacking a cheek skin fold and in having short weak limbs.
 Spalgis tintinga is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Notiothemis is a genus of dragonflies in family Libellulidae. They are commonly known as Forestwatchers.The genus contains only two species:Notiothemis jonesi Ris 1921 - Jones’ Forestwatcher Eastern Elf - south east AfricaNotiothemis robertsi Fraser 1944 - Robert's Forestwatcher - central and west Africa↑ ↑ ↑
 Basleoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Miscera homotona is a moth of the Brachodidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Tonna sulcosa is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Zophodia multistriatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Zophodia. It was described by Blanchard and Knudson in 1982. It is found in Texas Arizona and New Mexico.The length of the forewings is 11.8-13.5 mm for males and 11.3-12.6 mm for females. The forewings are powdery gray and the hindwings are semitranslucent pale luteous with darker veins and a darker outer margin.The larvae probably feed on Opuntia species.
 Ocypus ophthalmicus is a species of rove beetle belonging to the family Staphylinidae subfamily Staphylininae.These beetles are present in most of Europe in the East Palearctic ecozone in North Africa and in the Near East.Head pronotum and elytra have metallic blue reflections with a shiny surface of pronotum.The adults grow up to 17–22 millimetres (0.67–0.87 in) long.
 Coleophora pallidata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Haematosticta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudanthias rubrizonatus is a Pseudanthias fish from the Western Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12cm in length.
 Ophiocomidae are a family of brittle stars of the suborder Ophiurina.
 Eilema angustula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Scolytus is a genus of bark beetles (subfamily Scolytinae). It includes several species notorious for destroying trees in the forests. The Dutch elm disease is spread in North America by two species : the native elm bark beetle Hylurgopinus rufipes and the European elm bark beetle Scolytus multistriatus.
 Batasio is a genus of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Bagridae. These small fish are found in fast-flowing hillstreams throughout South and mainland Southeast Asia.
 Aurelius (foaled 1958) was a Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1961 and for becoming one of the few classic winners to compete in steeplechases. As a two-year-old he finished fourth in his only appearance but was one of the best colts in Britain in the following year winning the Craven Stakes and the King Edward VII Stakes before taking the St Leger.
 Alaena bicolora is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from eastern to south-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of rocky areas in woodland.
 Ovatipsa coloba is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Baryssinus bilineatus is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1864.
 The Reimann's snake-necked turtle (Chelodina reimanni) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is found in Indonesia and possibly Papua New Guinea. Pictures of the turtle consistently denote a smiling face.
 Brenthia pileae is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It was described by Arita in 1971. It is found in Japan and Taiwan.The larvae feed on Pilea petiolaris pseudopetiolaris.
 The Rana De Ingles Negras Y Blancas (Eleutherodactylus maculosus) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Syrphipogon is a genus of hoverflies. There are two known species. They are very large microdontine flies of about 25 mm. They have a deeply sulcate scutellum and a facial mystax. They are mimics of the large bees of the genus Eulaema.
 Scrobipalpa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Conus navarroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Eremiaphila hedenborgii is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 Phalloptychus is a genus of poeciliids native to eastern and southern Brazil northern Argentina Paraguay and Uruguay.
 The Yellow-bellied Elaenia (Elaenia flavogaster) is a small bird of the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds from southern Mexico and the Yucatán Peninsula through Central and South America as far as northern Argentina and on Trinidad and Tobago.Adults are 16.5 cm long and weigh 24g. They have olive-brown upperparts a white eye ring a bushy divided crest and a white crown patch in the parting. The throat is pale and the breast greyish with pale yellow lower underparts.
 The Bluish Flowerpiercer (Diglossa caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in humid montane forest in Venezuela Colombia Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 Thrincophora stenoptycha is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia (including Queensland).
 Ypsilomena is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Paraspilarctia magna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Plum-faced Lorikeet (Oreopsittacus arfaki) also known as the Whiskered Lorikeet is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Oreopsittacus.It is found in highland forest on New Guinea.
 Deretrachys juvencus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Dupont in 1840.
 Microxena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Amata antitheta is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Euphaedra hebes the Hebes Pink Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in north-eastern Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon. The habitat consists of wetter forests.
 Anisakis is a genus of parasitic nematodes which have life cycles involving fish and marine mammals. They are infective to humans and cause anisakiasis. People who produce immunoglobulin E in response to this parasite may subsequently have an allergic reaction including anaphylaxis after eating fish that have been infected with Anisakis species.
 Euconulus praticola is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae the hive snails.
 Leptotrophon minispinosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pararge is a genus of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Cephrenes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Aprasia aurita also called the mallee worm-lizard is a species of lizard in the Pygopodidae family endemic to Australia; and listed on Schedule 1 under the Commonwealth's Endangered Species Protection Act. It is also listed as threatened on Schedule 2 under the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act. A. aurita was formerly found in the Woomelang and Ouyen areas of north-western Victoria.
 Papillifera deburghiae is a species of small air-breathing land snail with a clausilium a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 Ennearthron is a genus of tree-fungus beetles in the family Ciidae.
 Carassius auratus buergeri (Japanese: naga-buna ナガブナ) is a subspecies of ray-finned fish in the genus Carassius.
 Ocoelophora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Chromodoris ponga is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Platyptilia ardua is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Washington and British Columbia.
 Kurodadrillia habui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Northern Brownbul (Phyllastrephus strepitans) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Mozambique Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Barbus carottae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Pleurotomella vaginata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eleutherodactylus patriciae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to the Dominican Republic. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cryptobatis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cryptobatis brevipennis Chaudoir 1877 Cryptobatis chontalensis Bates 1883 Cryptobatis cyanoptera (Dejean 1825) Cryptobatis hexagona Putzeys 1846 Cryptobatis inaequalis Chaudoir 1877 Cryptobatis janthinipennis (Buquet 1834) Cryptobatis janthoptera Reiche 1842 Cryptobatis laticollis Brulle 1838↑
 Phaegorista similis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Zaire and Angola.
 The fawn-footed mosaic-tailed rat or fawn-footed melomys (Melomys cervinipes) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in Australia.This species has long been commonly known by the descriptive English common name fawn-footed melomys but during the 1990s there was a push for such names to be replaced with indigenous Australian names. Accordingly in 1995 the Australian Nature Conservation Agency published recommendations for the common names of rodents.
 Panulirus marginatus is a species of spiny lobster in the family Palinuridae which is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. It is the subject of extensive commercial and recreational fisheries.
 Oweniidae is a family of marine polychaete worms in the suborder Sabellida. The worms live in tubes made of sand and are selective filter feeders detritivores and grazers.
 Calanoida is an order of copepods a kind of zooplankton. They include around 40 families with about 1800 species of both marine and freshwater copepods. Calanoid copepods are dominant in the plankton in many parts of the world's oceans making up 55%–95% of plankton samples. They are therefore important in many food webs taking in energy from phytoplankton and algae and 'repackaging' it for consumption by higher trophic level predators.
 Ostorhinchus neotes is a nocturnal fish that inhabits lagoons and outer reefs in relatively clear water; usually with soft corals or gorgonian fans in the Western Central Pacific: Maumere Bay (Indonesia) Palau and Madang and in waters around Papua New Guinea. This fish sometimes forms small schools or groups.
 Vianania aymara is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Orfila in 1954. It is found in Bolivia.
 Hyposmocoma argentiferus is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kilauea.
 Mordellistena coomani is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1923 by Píc.
 Perittia pachyzona is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Eucyclopera argentinensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Remiornis heberti is an extinct species of paleognath bird from the Paleocene of France.
 The Bella Moth Ornate Moth or Rattlebox Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is aposematically colored ranging from pink red orange and yellow to white coloration with black markings arranged in varying patterns on its wings. It has a wingspan of 33–46 mm. Moths reside in temperate midwestern and eastern North America as well as throughout Mexico and other parts of Central America. Unlike most moths the Bella Moth is diurnal.
 Guadalupe pipefish Syngnathus insulae is a pipefish species inhabits the Eastern Central Pacific endemic to Guadalupe Island in Mexico. Marine subtropical demersal fish up to 20.4 cm length.
 Belgrandiella bachkovoensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Paralbula is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 In North America Winter Moth usually denotes the closely related Operophtera bruceata but may also mean the less close relative Erannis tiliaria (Linden Looper).The Winter Moth (Operophtera brumata) is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 Pareiodon microps is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae and the only species of the genus Pareiodon. It is endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Amazon Basin.
 Myrmekiaphila is a genus of trapdoor spiders in the family Euctenizidae. All described species are endemic to the southeastern USA. The genus was transferred from the Ctenizidae by Raven in 1985. M. flavipes was transferred from genus Aptostichus in 2007.
 Proteuxoa scotti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Tasmania.
 Proathorybia meyi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Palaeozygopleuridae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod molluscs.This family has no subfamilies.
 Ephelis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Amphimallon pseudomajale is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Italy and on the island of Sicily.
 The Dune Lark (Calendulauda erythrochlamys) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.It is endemic to Namibia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Goldman's pocket mouse (Chaetodipus goldmani) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.It is endemic to Mexico.
 Sympotthastia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Diamesinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Ptychopariidae is a family of trilobites containing the following genera:
 Idiostatus is a genus of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It contains the following species: Idiostatus middlekaufi
 Marisa cornuarietis common name the giant ramshorn snail is a species of large freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the apple snail family. These snails are popular in aquariums and are also used in the wild as a biological control agent.
 The yellow-edged moray Gymnothorax flavimarginatus is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found in the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths to 150 m. Its length is up to 240 cm.
 Tandonia serbica is a species of keeled air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Milacidae.
 The Unmarked Dagger Moth or Birch Dagger (Acronicta innotata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland to British Columbia and adjacent northern states in the United States south in the east to North Carolina and Kentucky.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on the leaves of alder birch cherry hickory poplar and willow.
 Micrecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Amu-Darya stone loach (Oxynoemacheilus oxianus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Neomallocera opulenta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Neomallocera.
 Lysmata wurdemanni commonly known as the peppermint shrimp is a species of shrimp.
 The Yellow Dryad Aemona amathusia (Hewitson 1867) is a butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Granulifusus nakasiensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Magellanic Diving Petrel (Pelecanoides magellani) is a diving petrel one of four very similar auk-like small petrels of the southern oceans. This species occurs around the coasts of southernmost South America.This 20 cm bird is the easiest of its family to identify at sea.
 The Lesser Horned Owl or Magellanic Horned Owl (Bubo magellanicus) is a large owl of the genus Bubo found in southern South America extending north to the central Andes. It has traditionally been classified as a subspecies of the Great Horned Owl (Bubo virginianus) but is now frequently treated as a separate species based on differences in voice and size and because of the genetic distance between the two.It is about 45 centimetres long with birds in the north of the range being largest.
 Erphaea is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Erphaea pumicosa Erichson 1847 Erphaea stigma Martins & Monné 1974↑
 The cachorrito de charco azul (Cyprinodon veronicae) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Nodopelagia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Simeulue Scops Owl (Otus umbra) is an owl endemic to the island of Simeulue Indonesia.
 The Western Crowned Warbler (Phylloscopus occipitalis) is a leaf warbler which breeds in Central Asia. It winters in the forests of the Western Ghats.The nest is built in a hole and the typical clutch is four eggs.The species has a distinctive crown stripe and two wing-bars. It often moves in small flocks or in mixed hunting parties.
 Mordella proxima is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1851.
 Acropolitis canigerana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Caenopedina diomedeae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Caenopedina diomedeae was first scientifically described in 1939 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Stenoplesictidae is the name of a family of extinct civet-like animals such as Stenoplesictis.
 Trichosea champa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Himalayas North-east India China Taiwan Japan and Russia.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Pyrus communis.
 Chauvetia mamillata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Chrysallida sarsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Leucidia is a genus of butterflies in the famlly Pieridae. They are native to the South America.
 Collix erythroides is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Barilius canarensis is a fish in genus Barilius of the family Cyprinidae. It is found in India.
 Turridrupa albofasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Piophila is a genus of small two-winged flies which includes the species known as the cheese fly. As a whole the genus is often called wine flies; they prefer fermented foodstuffs to deposit their eggs. Piophila vulgaris visits Arum maculatum flowers in England.
 Alvania lucinae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Limognitherium is an extinct genus of chalicothere.
 The Lark Sparrow (Chondestes grammacus) is a fairly large American sparrow. It is the only member of the genus Chondestes.This passerine bird breeds in southern Canada much of the United States and northern Mexico. It is much less common in the east where its range is contracting.
 Tautobriga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Caloreas tacubayella is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Kearfott in 1908. It is found in Mexico.
 Haliotoidea is a superfamily of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Oenopota bicarinata common name the two-corded lora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Common Lutestring (Ochropacha duplaris) is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Birch.
 Celaenorrhinus plagifera is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Ochsenheimeria urella is a moth of the Ypsolophidae family. It is found in large parts of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula most of the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine and Lithuania.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing in July and August.The larvae feed on Agropyron Bromus Hordeum vulgare Melica Secale cereale and Triticum aestivum. They possibly mine the leaves of their host plant for a few days. Later they bore in the stems. Larvae can be found from April to May.
 Schistura dorsizona is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Akaisphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Timia jakowlewi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Platyceras is a genus of extinct Paleozoic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Platyceratidae. This genus is known from the Ordovician to the Permian periods. It is the type genus of the family Platyceratidae.
 Nebria altisierrae is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in the US state of California.
 Lyces solaris is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is known from Peru Bolivia and Argentina.
 Neomariania incertella is a moth in the Stathmopodidae family. It was described by Rebel in 1940. It is found on the Azores.
 Engyophrys is a genus of lefteye flounders.
 Discodoris rosi is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Emperor of Norfolk (1885–1907) was a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse. Because he was big with huge hindquarters and had a strong racing record he was called the California Wonder.
 Nassarius tango is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Gymnoscelis callichlora is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Apsaphida is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xylophanes columbiana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Colombia.The length of the forewings is about 32 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes elara the thorax and abdomen for instance are identical in colour and pattern. Difference is that the third of the oblique postmedian lines lies so close to the heavy fourth line that it is virtually indistinguishable. The dark subbasal area along the inner margin of the forewing underside is less extensive.
 Leucophylla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Drusilasaura is an extinct genus of possible lognkosaurian titanosaur sauropod dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous (Cenomanian-Turonian stage) of Santa Cruz Province of southern Patagonia Argentina.Drusilasaura is known from the holotype MPM-PV 2097/1 to 2097/19 a partial skeleton including four dorsal vertebrae a sacral vertebra six caudal vertebrae a left scapula dorsal rib fragments and other fragments.
 Plethodontohyla brevipes is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euliphyra mirifica the African Moth Butterfly is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic northern Angola and the western two-thirds of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.Adults have been recorded in June and July.The larvae live in the nests of Oecophylla smaragdina race longinoda and feed on ant regurgitations.
 Strigania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Snowcap (Microchera albocoronata) is a small hummingbird. It is the only member of the genus Microchera.
 Turbonilla exilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Centrochlora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Adyte assimilis is a marine polychaete scale worm in the family Polynoidae.
 Zyzzyx is a monospecific genus of sand wasp containing a brightly colored medium-sized species Z. chilensis. It is primarily a predator on flies but has been observed to consume skippers. Zyzzyx is a replacement name proposed in 1937 by V. S. L. Pate for Therapon originally described by J. Parker in 1929.
 Konglungenoceras is a discorid from the lower Silurian of Europe (Norway) included in the Cyrtogomphoceratidae that lacks the septal foramina grasping bullettes at the adapical end of the connecting rings. shells are endogastric and strongly compressed such that the ventral or siphuncle side is curved inward and the dorso-ventral height is greater than the width.
 The starfish shrimp (Periclimenes soror) is a species of shrimp that lives as a symbiont with starfishes.
 Pellasimnia is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae sometimes known as the false cowries and the cowry allies.
 Ceralocyna fulvipes is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Viana in 1971.
 Helioceratops is a genus of neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Middle Cretaceous of China. The type species is H. brachygnathus described in 2009 by a group of paleontologists led by Jin Liyong. Helioceratops was discovered in the Quantou Formation of China's eastern Jilin province and is known mostly from skull fragments. It reached a length of around 1.3 m (4.3 ft) and may have shared its habitat with Changchunsaurus.
 Antodynerus is an afrotropical and indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Allied Powers is an Irish horse trained by Michael Bell and owned by David Fish and Edward Ware. He is the winner of Group Three Prix D'Hedouville at Longchamp and Group Two Grand Prix de Chantilly at Chantilly. Allied Powers was bred in Ireland and is a son of Invincible Spirit (dam: Always Friendly).Allied Powers won his first race in April 2008 at Pontefract Racecourse. He won the race a 12-furlong handicap over heavy ground with ease and followed it up with two more wins in as many races.
 Properigea albimacula is a small to medium-sized moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in slopes of Cascades north of Oregon and almost throughout California. The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults fly during the summer and are most common during July. This species is nocturnal and comes to lights.
 Flabellina dushia is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Spirinchus is a genus of smelts (Osmeridae).
 Latridopsis is a genus of trumpeters found in the southwestern Pacific Ocean and the southeastern Indian Ocean.
 Trydarssus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Hilarographa belizastrum is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Cordillera Occidental of Colombia.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange in the terminal part but suffused anteriorly. The remaining area is brown with a slight orange admixture and indistinct fine creamish marks. The hindwings are brown.
 Ubirodynerus is an australian genus of potter wasps.
 Clathromangelia coffea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Upenora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Dorodoca is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Elgaria is a genus of lizards that includes several of the alligator lizard species.
 The Eastern Meadowlark (Sturnella magna) is a medium-sized icterid bird very similar in appearance to the Western Meadowlark. It occurs from eastern North America to South America where it is also most widespread in the east.
 Cancer johngarthi is a species of crab that lives in the eastern Pacific Ocean from Mexico to Panama. It was separated from C. porteri in 1989 and is the subject of a small-scale fishery off Baja California.
 Orthrus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Trypeta incompleta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Eois angulata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-eastern Peru and Ecuador.
 Lacydes spectabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Tauscher in 1806. It is found in south-eastern Ukraine eastern European Russia western Siberia Kazakhstan Central Asia Armenia eastern Turkey Turkmenistan Afghanistan China (Xinjiang) and southern Mongolia.The wingspan is about 32 mm.
 Nixe is a genus of mayflies in the family Heptageniidae.
 Mylochromis labidodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi and Lake Malombe. This species can reach a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Nehalennia is a genus of very small damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae. Most of the species are commonly known as Sprites. One species N.
 Mylocheilus caurinus the peamouth is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in North America. It is the only species in its genus.
 Calcarovula arthritica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Incisimura is an extinct genus of sponge in the family Guadalupiidae that existed during the Permian period in what is now Texas USA. It was described by Robert M. Finks in 2010 and the type species is Incisimura bella.
 The Satinay sand skink is a newly discovered genus of skink found on Fraser Island Queensland Australia.
 Pan's box turtle (Cuora pani) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae (formerly Bataguridae). The yellow-headed box turtle is sometimes included herein as a subspecies Cuora pani aurocapitataCuora pani pani is endemic to the central Chinese provinces of Shaanxi Sichuan and Hubei (Blanck & Tang 2005).
 Synglochis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Spilarctia holobrunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1916. It is found in New Guinea where it has been recorded from the Arfak Mountains in Papua. It is probably also present in Papua New Guinea.
 Leptoropha is an extinct genus of aquatic Reptiliomorpha found in Russia.
 The Spotted Rubber Frog (Phrynomantis affinis) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Namibia Zambia possibly Botswana possibly Tanzania and possibly Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland intermittent freshwater lakes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Cavan (foaled 1955) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won an American Classic Race in 1958. He was named for the town of Cavan in Ireland.A half brother to 1964 St. Leger Stakes winner Indiana Cavan's dam Willow Ann was a daughter of Champion Sire Solario. Cavan was sired by Mossborough a son of Nearco the patriarch of the most dominant sire line in Thoroughbred history.
 Amphimallon verticale is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Croatia and Greece.
 Mordellistena picipennis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Smith in 1882.<ref name=1a>Mordellidae Species List at Joel Hallan’s Biology Catalog. Texas A&M University. Retrieved 4 June 2012.</ref>
 Chrysauge catenulata is a species of snout moths in the genus Chrysauge. It was described by Warren in 1891. It is found in Guyana.
 The Marsh Antwren (Stymphalornis acutirostris) also known as the Paraná Antwren is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. Traditionally included in the monotypic genus Stymphalornis but this genus should be merged into Formicivora. It is endemic to marshes and swamps in the Brazilian states of Paraná and Santa Catarina.
 Agonopterix silerella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Italy Switzerland and Austria.The wingspan is 9–11 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Laserpitium siler and Laser trilobum.
 Pseudocomotis serendipita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Chetone variifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1930. It is found in Colombia.
 Triplophysa zhenfengensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Turbonilla portoparkerensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Lacistophanes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pachymelania byronensis is a species of freshwater snail a gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.
 Sorolopha sphaerocopa is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India Thailand Japan China Sumatra western Java the Moluccas and Vietnam.The wingspan is 15–16 mm for males and 16–17 mm for females. The forewings are pale bluish-grey sometimes with a pale green tinge. The hindwings are pale with a grey marginal half which is suffused with bronze-fuscous.
 Neptis nigra is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Dwarf tarantulas also known as sheet funnel-web spiders are a type of spider from the family Mecicobothriidae. Dwarf tarantulas are one of several families of the sub-order Mygalomorphae; this larger group also includes the true tarantulas.
 Smicropus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Lopholatilus is a genus of tilefishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Brugia timori is a human filarial parasitic nematode (roundworm) which causes the disease Timor filariasis. While this disease was first described in 1965 the identity of Brugia timori as the causative agent was not known until 1977. In that same year Anopheles barbirostris was shown to be its primary vector.
 Pseudopostega spilodes is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is known from Mysore India.
 The Malagasy warblers are a newly validated clade of songbirds. They were formally named Bernieridae in 2010. The family currently consists of eleven species (in eight genera) of small forest birds. These birds are all endemic to Madagascar.The monophyly of this group has been proposed as early as 1934 (Salomonsen 1934). But the traditional assignments of these birds were maintained mistaken by their convergent evolution and the lack of dedicated research.
 Corydoras osteocarus is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in South America and is found in the Orinoco River basin in Venezuela and coastal rivers in Suriname.
 Rissoina harryleei is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Doichang Frog (Chaparana aenea) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. Until Alain Dubois and Annemarie Ohler showed that Rana fansipani (alternative generic affiliations: Nanorana and Chaparana) is synonymous to Chaparana aenea it was an endemic to Thailand only known from one mountain north of Chiang Mai. After merger with R. fansipani its distribution also covers Vietnam and China.
 Suillia pallida is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Serpula vermicularis known by common names including the calcareous tubeworm fan worm plume worm or red tube worm is a species of segmented marine polychaete worm in the family Serpulidae. It is the type species of the genus Serpula and was first described by Linnaeus in 1767. It lives in a tube into which it can retract.
 Hemicycla modesta is a species of gastropod in the Helicidae family. It is endemic to Spain.
 Peraglyphis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Trichoxys is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Trichoxys abbreviatus Bates 1880 Trichoxys apelles (Newman 1838) Trichoxys atripes (Chevrolat 1860) Trichoxys bilineatus (Chevrolat 1860) Trichoxys hirtellus (Chevrolat 1860) Trichoxys labyrinthicus (Chevrolat 1860) Trichoxys longipes Chemsak & Linsley 1974 Trichoxys melanotelus (White 1855) Trichoxys ochraetheoides Linsley 1935 Trichoxys pellitus (White 1855) Trichoxys rubripes (White 1855) Trichoxys sulphurifer (Chevrolat 1860) Trichoxys viridicollis (Chevrolat 1860) Trichoxys vitticollis (Laporte & Gory 1835) Trichoxys westwoodii (Chevrolat 1860)↑
 Cyligramma fluctuosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most parts of Africa from Sénégal in the West to Kenia in the East and Egypt in the North to South Africa including the Indian Ocean islandsIt has a wingspan of approx. 8–9 cm.
 Polystira tellea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Gymnommopsis gagtea is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnommopsis of the family Tachinidae.
 Zabeel (foaled 1986) was a New Zealand-bred Australian racehorse who has retired to stud and become a champion sire. He is a bay son of Sir Tristram (IRE) from the Nureyev mare Lady Giselle.
 Propilidium elegans is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Marginodostomia is a small genus of very small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks.
 Asura miltochristina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Opharus rema is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1891. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catherina).
 Paraceratodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Minofala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Faeculoides leucopis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from the mountains of southern India and Sri Lanka.Adults have been found from May to June and from October to December.The wingspan is 10-14 mm. The forewing is very broad and the reniform stigma is prominent round and yellowish. It is brownish and the costal patch is well marked by antemedial and postmedial lines. The crosslines are well marked and the terminal line is marked by tight black interveinal spots.
 Cythara striata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.This species is considered a nomen dubium.
 Plesiobaena is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Belly River Formation Canada during the late Cretaceous period (Campanian age). It was first named by Lambe L. M. in 1972 and the type species is Plesiobaena antiqua.
 Girardinichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to Mexico.
 Squalius aradensis is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is found only in Portugal.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.An ubiquitous species which inhabits small to medium sized streams with Mediterranean water regime. May be restricted to very small pools during summer. Breeds in shallow riffle habitats in fast-flowing water.
 Pseudobazisa is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Leptostylus cretatellus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1863.
 Platamus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Platamus buqueti Grouvelle Platamus castaneus Grouvelle Platamus debilis Grouvelle Platamus deyrollei Grouvelle Platamus dufaui Grouvelle Platamus humeralis Reitter Platamus longicornis Sharp Platamus richteri Reitter Platamus schaumi Grouvelle Platamus sharpi Hetschko↑
 Tylotiella malva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Ancylosis ianthemis is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Meyrick in 1887 and is known from Australia.
 Archodontes melanopus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Archodontes.
 Chrysopidia elegans is a green lacewing species in the genus Chrysopidia found in China and Nepal.
 Epitolina melissa the Powdered Epitolina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba to Kafakumba and Kapanga) Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Colostethus caeruleodactylus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prunum bayonai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 This is a list of all genera species and subspecies of the family Anomalepididae otherwise referred to as primitive blind snakes or anomalepidids. It follows the taxonomy currently provided by ITIS which is based on the continuing work of Dr. Roy McDiarmid.
 The Sierra Madre frog Rana sierramadrensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Mexico where it is known as rana de Sierra Madre OccidentalIts natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Glaucopsyche commonly called Blues is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found mainly in Asia. For other blues see subfamily Polyommatinae. For other Blues see genus Plebejus.
 The Maui Agrotis Noctuid Moth (Agrotis cremata) was a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is now an extinct species.It was endemic to Maui Hawaii United States.
 Abropus carnifex is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Abropus.
 Psyra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Monotrysia is a group of insects in the Lepidopteran order which is not currently considered to be a natural group or clade. The group contains only moths and most of these (apart from the recently discovered family Andesianidae) are small and are relatively understudied (compared to Ditrysia) in many regions of the world.
 Tripteridia dilopha is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Opharus brasiliensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Vincent and Laguerre in 2009. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Rhynchaeites is an extinct genus of Threskiornithidae related to modern ibises and has a single named species Rhynchaeites meselensis. It lived in today's Germany during the mid-Eocene and its remains were found in the famous Messel pit.However leg bone fossils of a similar bird were found in the Early Eocene Fur Formation in Denmark.
 The White-banded Tyrannulet (Mecocerculus stictopterus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Isanthrene profusa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Ega São Paulo).
 Pfitzneriella similis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Peru.
 The Silvery-fronted Tapaculo (Scytalopus argentifrons) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Calosoma investigator is a species of ground beetle belonging to the genus Calosoma and the subgenus Charmosta. The species is diffused in North-Eastern Europe and Siberia.
 Metarctia olbrechtsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1953. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Phrynobatrachus hylaios is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo possibly Angola possibly Central African Republic possibly Equatorial Guinea possibly Gabon and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and canals and ditches.
 Meske’s Underwing (Catocala meskei) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Maine and Quebec west to southern Alberta and Montana south to South Carolina in the east and at least Montana in the west.The wingspan is 65–75 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Populus and Salix species.
 Lepidogma megaloceros is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidogma. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934 and is known from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (it was described from Elisabethville).
 Turbonilla florida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Augusta is a monotypic spider genus represented by the species Augusta glyphica which is endemic to Madagascar.The name of the genus is taken from the Latin word augusta the feminine form of augustus meaning venerable.
 Nebria danmanni is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Washington.
 Rhabdatomis zaba is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1907. It is found in Mexico.
 Chimpanzees sometimes colloquially chimp are two extant hominid species of apes in the genus Pan. The Congo River divides the native habitats of the two species:Common chimpanzee Pan troglodytes (West and Central Africa)Bonobo Pan paniscus (forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo)Chimpanzees are members of the family Hominidae along with gorillas humans and orangutans. Chimpanzees split from the human branch of the family about four to six million years ago.
 The Migoidea are a superfamily of mygalomorph spiders. They contain two families of spiders: Migidae Actinopodidae
 Mirosternus konanus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Euxoa mustelina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Turkey Iran Armenia Turkmenia Issyk-Kul region Ili Saisan the Altai mountains and western Siberia. It has also been recorded from Romania.
 Goodfellow's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys goodfellowi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae. It is endemic to Bolivia where it is found in the Chiquitano dry forest ecoregion bordering on the cerrado. Its karyotype has 2n = 46 and FN = 68. The species is named after British collector Walter Goodfellow.
 Eupithecia bowmani is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains region of Alberta and British Columbia as well as Indiana and Michigan.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults have been recorded from April to July.
 The Strawberry Crown Moth (Synanthedon bibionipennis) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in western North America from Montana south to Texas westward to the Pacific coast and from British Columbia to California. It is an introduced species in Hawaii.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August. There is one generation per year.
 Chikilidae is a family of Indian caecilians the 10th and most recent (2012) family of caecilians (legless amphibians) to be identified though the type species Chikila fulleri (formerly Herpele fulleri) was first described in 1904. The discovery that this was a separate lineage resulted from genetic analyses of specimens collected during about 250 soil-digging expeditions over five years that covered every Northeast Indian state.
 The forktails are small insectivorous birds in the genus Enicurus. They were formerly in the thrush family Turdidae but are more often now treated as part of the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. Their name derives from their long forked tail.These are southeast Asian forest species principally associated with mountain forests and streams. Most nest in rock crevices laying 2-4 eggs.
 Adrianichthys is a genus of ricefishes. The genus is endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi Indonesia and all species are highly threatened (two species possibly already extinct).
 The Japanese flying squid Japanese common squid or Pacific flying squid scientific name Todarodes pacificus is a squid of the family Ommastrephidae. This animal lives in the northern Pacific Ocean in the area surrounding Japan along the entire coast of China up to Russia then spreading across the Bering Strait east towards the southern coast of Alaska and Canada. They tend to cluster around the central region of Vietnam.
 Echinargus is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It was named and discovered by Vladimir Nabokov.
 The Loliginidae commonly known as pencil squids are an aquatic family of the order Teuthida (squid).
 Anadoras weddellii is a species of thorny catfish that is found in Argentina Brazil Bolivia and Paraguay. This species grows to a length of 15.0 centimetres (5.9 in) SL.
 Lampetis fastuosa is a jewel beetle of the family Buprestidae.
 Phalonidia memoranda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Ontario Connecticut Indiana Maryland Massachusetts Quebec and Vermont. The wingspan is about 11 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in May and July.
 Dichomeris juniperella the Scotch Crest is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in almost all of Europe except Ireland the Benelux and the western and southern part of the Balkan Peninsula. The habitat consists of montane areas including open woodland mountainsides and gullies.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The forewings are grey with two larger and one smaller central black spot.
 Pellegrinisaurus (meaning Lizard from Pelligrini) is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous. It was a titanosaur which lived in what is now Argentina. The type species Pellegrinisaurus powelli was described by Salgado in 1996 and is based on mostly vertebrae. Pelligrinisaurus is estimated to have been between 62–78 feet in length but because a full fossil skeleton has not been recovered this is only a rough estimate.
 Elpistostegidae is an extinct family of tetrapod-like fish that lived in the Late Devonian period (Late Givetian to Early Frasnian). Fossils of skull and a part of the backbone have been found at Escuminac Formation in Quebec Canada. Recently the entire fossil of the fish was found in the same formation. It is proposed by the palaeontologist Richard Cloutier at Université du Québec à Rimouski that Elpistostege may dethrone Tiktaalik in the position of the nearest fish from the tetrapods.
 Gymnomacquartia japonica is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnomacquartia of the family Tachinidae.
 Sphingini is a tribe of moths of the Sphingidae family.
 The Blue-and-white Mockingbird (Melanotis hypoleucus) is a species of bird in the Mimidae family. It is found in El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and south-eastern Mexico. Its natural habitats are dry scrubland woodland second growth and forest edges at 1000–3000 m above sea-level.It is about 25 cm long. It has blue-grey upperparts white underparts red eyes and a black mask. The song is high-pitched and rattling.
 Zeadmete bilix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Leucoraja garmani or the Rosette skate is an abundant mid-depth skate.
 Ormoceras is an actinocerid nautiloid genus and type for the family Ormoceratidae found in North America from the late Chazyan though the early Cincinnatian of the Middle and Upper Ordovician but which continued through the Devonian worldwide.
 Ashinaga longimana is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is about 40 mm. The forewings are dark brown with two broad fuscous stripes running from the base to before the termen. The hindwings are somewhat paler than the forewings and the veins are darker. They have extraordinary long hind legs.
 Beris clavipes the scarce orange legionnaire is a European species of soldier fly.
 Perissodonta mirabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Struthiolariidae the ostrich-foot shells.
 Pachygrapsus is a genus of small shore crabs comprising the following species:Pachygrapsus corrugatus (von Martens 1872)Pachygrapsus crassipes Randall 1840Pachygrapsus fakaravensis Rathbun 1907Pachygrapsus gracilis (Saussure 1858)Pachygrapsus laevimanus Stimpson 1858Pachygrapsus loveridgei Chace 1966Pachygrapsus marmoratus (Fabricius 1787)Pachygrapsus maurus (Lucas 1846)Pachygrapsus minutus A. Milne-Edwards 1873Pachygrapsus planifrons De Man 1888Pachygrapsus plicatus (H.
 Oliva maya is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Gekko vittatus is a species of gecko. Common names include lined gecko sago gecko and skunk gecko.It can be found in Indonesia New Guinea Palau and the Solomon Islands.The gecko usually live 3 to 4 years but 14-year-old individuals are known.
 Stomatosuchidae is an extinct family of neosuchian crocodylomorphs. It is defined as the most inclusive clade containing Stomatosuchus inermis but not Notosuchus terrestris Simosuchus clarki Araripesuchus gomesii Baurusuchus pachecoi Peirosaurus torminni or Crocodylus niloticus. Two genera are known to belong to Stomatosuchidae: Stomatosuchus the type genus and Laganosuchus. Fossils have been found from Egypt Morocco and Niger.
 Scopula alfierii is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Egypt and Oman.
 Bibasis oedipodea or the Branded Orange Awlet is a species of hesperid butterfly found in South Asia and Southeast Asia. The butterfly has been reassigned to genus Burara vide Vane-Wright and de Jong (2003) and is now known as Burara oedipodea.
 Xylophanes mulleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.The length of the forewings is about 33 mm. The forewing upperside is uniform brown and separated from a well-developed brown fourth postmedian line by a strongly contrasting pale yellow line running from the inner margin to the apex.
 Grisons Fritillary (Melitaea varia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Alps on heights of 1500 to 2600 meters especially in the Swiss cantons Valais Engadin and Graubünden. It is also found in the Ortler region in South Tyrol Alpes-Maritimes and Drôme in France high areas of Tirol in Austria and high areas in the Apennine Mountains such as Abruzzo.The wingspan is 24–28 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
 Austroterpna paratorna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Litosphingia minettii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malawi and Tanzania.The length of the forewings is 23.5-25 mm. The overall appearance is rough-scaled. The ground colour is pale grey. It is similar to Litosphingia corticea but the forewings are shorter and more rounded as are the hindwings.
 Musjid (1856–1865) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In 1863 he won both of his races including the Epsom Derby in which he landed a huge gamble for his owner despite concerted efforts to prevent him winning. Musjid developed leg problems after the Derby and never ran again. He was retired to stud where he made little impression before his early death in 1865.
 Automeris duchartrei is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in Ecuador Bolivia and Peru.The wingspan is 70–80 mm.
 The red-eared slider × yellow-bellied slider (Trachemys scripta elegans × Trachemys scripta scripta) is an intergradation of a red-eared slider and yellow-bellied slider subspecies. On the side of its head where a normal yellow-bellied slider would have solid yellow there will be some red mixed in. The bottom of its shell is a bright yellow with varying numbers of black dots. In the wild it eats minnows plants carrion snails and insects that fall in the water.
 Microtendipes is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Schultz's pipefish Corythoichthys schultzi is a pipefish of the family Syngnathidae.
 Physopyxis is a genus of thorny catfishes native to tropical South America.
 Trogocraspis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Nicrophorus maculifrons is a burying beetle described by Kraatz in 1877.
 Anachis jungi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 The genus Epiophlebia is the sole member of the family Epiophlebiidae which is itself the sole living representative of the Epiproctan infraorder Epiophlebioptera and it contains only four species. The first two species were historically placed in their own suborder Anisozygoptera considered intermediate between dragonflies and damselflies mainly because the hind wings are very similar in size and shape to the forewings and held back over the body at rest as in damselflies.
 The Ruddy Tody-Flycatcher (Poecilotriccus russatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Blakeney (1966–1992) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He won the Derby at Epsom as a three-year-old in 1969 and was one of the few winners of the race to campaign successfully at four. He later had a successful stud career.
 Phoronopsis is a genus of horseshoe worm in the family Phoronidae in the phylum Phoronida. The members of the genus live in tubes at the bottom of the sea.
 The Black-dotted groundling (Stenolechia gemmella) is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is known from most of Europe.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September and is known for its habit of resting in crevices in bark.The larva feed on Quercus species. They feed in the young shoots. They cause withered leaves and occasionally swellings. Pupation normally takes place in the shoot but occasionally outside.
 Zea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Dalla lethaea is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mexico (Oaxaca) and Costa Rica.
 Opostega spatulella is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It is known from France the Iberian Peninsula Italy Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Romania Bulgaria Macedonia Greece and Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is thought to be extinct in Great Britain. It is also found in the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone (including Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan) and the Near East.The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from August to June and hibernate from October to April.
 Necmitoura is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Atelomycterus is a genus of catshark family Scyliorhinidae.
 Trochulus villosus is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Unniella is a genus of non-biting midges of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Stefania tamacuarina (Spanish: Rana Stefania De Tapirapeco) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 The slender rainbowfish (Melanotaenia gracilis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Australia.
 Hyalornis livida is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Imbrasia obscura is a species of moths belonging to the Saturniidae family.
 The Predaceous Moth (Eublemma roseonivea) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China Taiwan the Philippines Malaya and Borneo.The larvae prey on lac insects.
 Dypterygia punctirena is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Hispaniola Jamaica and Puerto Rico and has also been reported from Florida.The wingspan is about 35 mm.
 Cryptolacerta (Hidden lizard from Greek) is an extinct genus of lacertibaenian lizard which lived during the Eocene epoch (Lutetian stage about 47 million years ago) in what is now Germany. It is known from a nearly complete and articulated skeleton including the skull which was found in the Messel/Messel Pit locality of Germany. Cryptolacerta was named by Johannes Müller Christy A. Hipsley Jason J. Head Nikolay Kardjilov André Hilger Michael Wuttke and Robert R.
 Cepora timnatha is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Indonesia.
 Epidola is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Mindanao lowland forest mouse (Apomys littoralis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.
 The Tailed Sulphur (Phoebis neocypris) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is native to Mexico Central America and South America. There is a record for one stray in southern Texas. The habitat consists of tropical areas especially in mid-elevation forests as well as open and disturbed areas.The wingspan is 39–44 mm (1.5–1.7 in). Males are orange and females are whitish or yellowish. Both have a triangular extension on each hindwing.
 Pangio cuneovirgata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Pangio.
 Otites stigma is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Ulidiidae.
 Polyommatus achaemenes is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Skala in 2002. It is only known from very high altitudes (ranging from 3800 to 4000 meters) in the Iranian Zagros range (Kuh-e-Haft Bakhtiari).
 Anametalia grandis is a species of sea urchin of the family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Anametalia and lives in the sea. Anametalia grandis was first scientifically described in 1950 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Dimantis haani is a species of praying mantis found in Java.
 Sarah's Ranger (Kedestes sarahae) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is only known from the Cederberg in the Western Cape.The wingspan is 31–34 mm for males and 54–63 mm for females. Adults are on wing in late September.The larvae probably feed on Merxmuellera species.
 Honeyania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The mottled sculpin Cottus bairdii is a freshwater sculpin (family Cottidae) found widely although unevenly throughout North America.As the name suggests its coloration is a combination of bars spots and speckles randomly distributed. The large pectoral fins are banded. The first dorsal fin is made of slender and somewhat soft spines and just barely joins with the second dorsal.
 Salmo labrax the Black Sea salmon is a fairly small species of salmon at about 20 inches (510 mm) long on average and rarely reaching over 30 in (760 mm). As its name suggests it inhabits the Black Sea. It is an anadromous relative of the brown trout.
 The Chestnut-winged Foliage-gleaner (Philydor erythropterum) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Batocera tigris is a species of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily.
 Mordellistena canariensis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 Time Charter (6 April 1979 – 7 July 2005) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won several major middle-distance races between 1982 and 1984. After winning twice as a two-year-old in 1981 she developed into a top-class racemare in the following year finishing second in the 1000 Guineas before winning the classic Epsom Oaks in record time.
 Chiasmia separata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Saint Helena and has also been recorded from South Africa Angola Cameroon Ivory Coast Kenya Madagascar Mozambique Nigeria Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.The forewings have a length of 13–17 mm they are black although the costal half is chrome-yellow extending to the anal angle. The hindwings are black. The underside is the same as the upperside.
 Amphiesma modestum commonly known as the modest keelback is a species of natricine snake endemic to Asia.
 The Black Phoebe (Sayornis nigricans) is a passerine bird in the tyrant-flycatcher family. It breeds from southwest Oregon and California south through Central and South America. It occurs year-round throughout most of its range and migrates less than the other birds in its genus though its northern populations are partially migratory.
 The Enoidea are a superfamily of air-breathing land snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Orthurethra.The following two families have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005): family Enidae family Cerastidae↑
 Latirus minutisquamosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Motivator (foaled 22 February 2002) is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire. In a racing career which lasted from August 2004 until October 2005 he ran seven times and won four races. He is best known as the winner of the 2005 Epsom Derby. He was retired to stud where he sired the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Treve.
 Chionodes petalumensis is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae. It is found in California.Chionodes petalumensis caterpillars feed on oak leaves including those of the Garry Oak (Quercus garryana) and Valley Oak (Q. lobata).The species was first described from Petaluma California.
 Tetanolita borgesalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including the French Antilles and Brazil.
 The Basswood Leafroller Moth (Pantographa limata) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in North America including Arkansas Florida Georgia Illinois Massachusetts New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Tennessee Virginia West Virginia Wisconsin and Quebec.The wingspan is about 38 mm.The larvae feed on Tilia species. They roll the leaves of their host plant. The larvae are green with a black head.
 Rhinotyphlops somalicus commonly known as the Ethiopian blind snake or the highland beaked snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Africa.
 Pasiphilodes viridescens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Malaysia New Guinea and possibly Borneo.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are green and the hindwings are pale cinereous with traces of three or four dusky curved fasciae.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Rhododendron species.
 Kusaiea frivola is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae the hive snails. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Lyncina sulcidentata common name the Square Toothed Cowry or Groove Toothed Cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Copelatus prolixus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1882.
 Graphania mollis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Howes in 1907. It is found in New Zealand.
 Cnissostages oleagina is a species of moth in the Arrhenophanidae family. It has a wide range in the Neotropical Region from Sinaloa Mexico to southern Brazil and Paraguay.The length of the forewings is 8-19 mm for males and 18-22 mm for females. Collection records indicate that the adults are generally active throughout the year. Captures have been reported for every month except August and September.The larvae feed on tree fungi.
 Serrata ovata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Pseudocomotis razowskii is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Eleutherodactylus cacao is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lasiosticha antelia is a species of snout moths in the genus Lasiosticha. It was described by Meyrick in 1885. It is found in Australia.
 Dalray was a notable New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1952 Melbourne Cup and Mackinnon Stakes.He was also famously a ‘certainty’ beaten in the 1952 Sydney Cup. When his owner was quizzed about the defeat he declared Phar Lap got beaten and Bradman got a duck.His career was cut short by injury when he was a four year old and he was retired to stud.
 Horama oedippus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Boisduval in 1870. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.
 Psammodromus is a small genus of sand lizards of the family Lacertidae. It has six described species which are found in European and North African countries next to the Mediterranean.
 Coleophora lineata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain and France.
 Archiearinae is a subfamily of the geometer moth family (Geometridae).
 Transtillaspis bascanion is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Tellina is a widely distributed genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Tellinidae.
 Littorina compressa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Alpinacris crassicauda is a species of grasshopper only known from West Coast Region and Tasman Region New Zealand. The genus Alpinacris is endemic to the South Island of New Zealand. A. crassicauda was described in 1967 by Robert Sidney Bigelow with a type locality of Lead Hills Boulder Lake (40°53′35″S 172°32′56″E). A male holotype and paratype are deposited in the Canterbury Museum Christchurch. Like all of New Zealand sub-alpine and alpine grasshoppers A.
 Caterva is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ormetica goloma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Guatemala.
 Metasia corsicalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Italy Croatia and on Corsica Sardinia Sicily and Malta.
 Spilletta (1749 – 1776) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. She only raced once and is best known for being the dam of the undefeated Eclipse.
 Dentifovea fulvifascialis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece Lebanon Israel and India.The larvae feed Heliotropium rotundfolium and probably other Heliotropium species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a full depth blotch usually starting at the tip of the leaf. Pupation takes place within the mine. Larvae can be found in May.
 Fusiturricula enae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Microdiplatys is an extinct genus of earwigs in the family Protodiplatyidae the suborder Archidermaptera and the order Dermaptera. It is one of only six genera in the family its family being the only one in the suborder. The genus contains only two known species: Microdiplatys campodeiformis and Microdiplatys oculatus.
 Myrmecia regularis is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. They are mostly distributed in Western Australia and around Perth.The length of a worker is around 14-20 millimetres long. The queens are usually the same size as the larger workers at 18-20 millimetres long as with males which can reach 15-17 millimetres in length.
 The Thick-billed Saltator (Saltator maxillosus) is a species of saltator in the Cardinalidae family. It is found in highland Atlantic Forest in southeastern Brazil far northeastern Argentina (only Misiones Province) and perhaps far eastern Paraguay. Unlike most other saltators it is sexually dichromatic: Females resemble a Green-winged Saltator but with a thicker bill greener face and buff throat.
 The granite spiny lizard (Sceloporus orcutti) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard. The epithet orcutti honors Charles Russell Orcutt (1864-1929) who collected the type specimen in San Diego County California.
 Pachydota drucei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Mexico and Colombia.
 Fasciolariidae common name the tulip snails and spindle snails is a family of small to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Buccinoidea.The family Fasciolariidae probably appeared about 110 million years ago during the Cretaceous
 Glyphipterix cestrota is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is found in Peru.
 Eilema elophus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is was described from Volcan Island.
 Hypotia leucographalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Hampson in 1900 and is known from Spain.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are fulvous irrorated with large erect black scales. The hindwings are white suffused with fuscous.
 Picrophylla is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Altagonum vallicola is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.
 Perispasta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Tineomigma are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Dryotribus mimeticus was a species of beetle in family Curculionidae. It was endemic to the United States with the species also being recorded on Scorpion Reef a remote island chain in Mexico. The species also occurred in Florida it has been suggested in Biologia Centrali-Americana that it was actually introduced to Hawaii from the Florida population.The species was said to have occurred in drift logs on Laysan Island French Frigate Shoals Johnston Island and Wake Island.
 Ceraptila was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Rhynchina.
 Cranopsis asturiana common name the hawk puncturella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Cochlostoma is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae.
 Eurithia connivens is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 The Yellow Glassy Tiger (Parantica aspasia) is a butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Crows and Tigers that is the Danaid group of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 Margasotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tachina brevicornis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to France.
 Bostockia porosa the Nightfish is a species of temperate perch endemic to Australia. It occurs in lakes ponds swamps rivers and streams along the coast of Western Australia. It prefers areas with rocks vegetation or debris to use as cover and is active during the night. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL though most are only about 9 centimetres (3.5 in). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Mackenziurus joeyi is a species of trilobite named after American musician Joey Ramone. M. johnnyi M. deedeei M. ceejayi were similarly named after members of the Ramones.
 Elatobia are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Prorella irremorata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the desert regions of southern California Nevada and Arizona.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The wings are light ochreous with darker blotches along the costa and in the outer area opposite the cell and above the tornus. The most prominent blotch occurs in the central area of the costa. Between this blotch and the apex of the wing are two other smaller blotches.
 Transtillaspis saragurana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish brown with chestnut admixture darker basally and terminally. The hindwings are cream tinged with pale ferruginous on the periphery and spotted with grey.
 Myopsyche elachista is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893. It is found in the Republic of Congo and Gabon.
 Reduvius personatus or the masked hunter is an insect belonging to the assassin bug (Reduviidae) family. The name refers to the fact that its nymph camouflages itself with dust. The masked hunter is a predator of small arthropods including woodlice lacewings earwigs and bed bugs. Although they do not feed on human blood masked hunters can bite humans in self-defence when mishandled.
 Prohysterophora chionopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Algeria and Tunisia.
 The Irrawaddy dolphin (Orcaella brevirostris) is a euryhaline species of oceanic dolphin found in discontinuous subpopulations near sea coasts and in estuaries and rivers in parts of the Bay of Bengal and Southeast Asia.
 Porcellionides myrmecophilus is a woodlouse that can be found on islands such as Crete Cyprus Cyclades Dodecanese North Aegean Sardinia Sicily and on both Greek and Italian mainlands.
 The Common Maplet (Chersonesia risa) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Micronecta poweri is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 Heteropsis decira is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ghana.
 The prinias are a genus of small insectivorous birds belonging to the passerine bird family Cisticolidae. They are often also alternatively classed in the Old World warbler family Sylviidae. The name of the genus is derived from the Javanese prinya the local name for the Bar-winged Prinia.The prinias are sometimes referred to as wren-warblers.
 Diceratura roseofasciana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Europe (from Portugal to Romania Ukraine and European Russia) and in Asia Minor Iran (Khuzestan Province) Transcaucasia and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 9-13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.
 Trochaclis versiliensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ataphridae.
 The martens constitute the genus Martes within the subfamily Mustelinae in the family Mustelidae. Martens are slender agile animals adapted to living in taigas and are found in coniferous and northern deciduous forests across the northern hemisphere. They have bushy tails and large paws with partially retractible claws. The fur varies from yellowish to dark brown depending on the species and in many cases is valued by fur trappers.
 Folinella moolenbeeki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acrobasis lienpingialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Caradja in 1925. It is found in China.
 Alvania jeffreysi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Parvilux is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Onthophagiellus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Hipponix conicus wyattae is a subspecies of small limpet-like marine gastropod mollusc in the family Hipponicidae.
 Trukcharopa trukana is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Cyclobatis is an extinct genus of stingray-like skate from the Upper Cretaceous of what is now Lebanon. The genus is typified by a circular form hence the prefix Cyclo- meaning wheel-like and the presence of an extremely short tail.
 Erelieva quantulella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Hulst in 1887. It is found in the south-eastern United States.
 Cyprinus megalophthalmus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus.
 Lophophelma costistrigaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Guangxi).
 Misgurnis fossilis is a species of loach in the genus Misgurnus. It is commonly known as European weatherfish or European weather loach due to its activity patterns changing when air pressure rises or falls. If there is a sudden change in barometric pressure the weatherfish comes to the surface and swims about excitedly. In water with a low oxygen content it gulps air; it extracts oxygen through its intestinal mucous membrane which has a complex system of blood vessels.
 Atlantarctia tigrina is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula and the South of France and Italy.The larvae feed on various plants including Syringa Euphorbia and Genista species.
 Persian Gulf Sea Snake Hydrophis lapemoides is a species of sea snake.
 Brocchinia exigua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Acanthopygaeus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Tetracamphilius pectinatus is a species of loach catfish that is found in the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It reaches a length of 3.4 cm and has a serrated pectoral fin spine (the serrae are very small) which lacks a locking mechanism.
 Spilosoma buryi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Ghana and Nigeria.
 Histura bicornigera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Hahnia is also a spider genus in the (Hahniidae).Hahnia is a poorly known genus of meat-eating mammal-like reptiles (Therapsids) that lived during the Upper Triassic in Europe. This genus is based on tiny isolated teeth and its affinities with other cynodonts are unclear. The generic name is invalid thus the inverted commas. The name Hahnia has already been used for a spider.
 Conus lamberti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Sphenarches cafferoides is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Madagascar.
 Cryptoses waagei is a species of snout moths in the genus Cryptoses. It was described by Bradley in 1982. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is 13-15 mm with the female usually larger than the male. The forewings are long and narrow with an ochreous white ground colour marked with somewhat diffuse longitudinal streaks or rays consisting of black and grey-black scales mixed with dull purplish and red scales. The hindwings are uniformly dark grey.Adults live in the fur of tree sloths.
 The brick seamoth Pegasus laternarius also known as the long-tailed dragonfish long-tailed seamoth pelagic dragon-fish or the winged dragonfish is a species of fish in the Pegasidae or seamoth family. This species is used extensively in the Guangdong Province of China to treat scrofula cough and diarrhea.
 Gauruncus armatus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).The wingspan is 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is greyish brown with brownish cream dots. The hindwings are brownish grey.
 Estigmene ansorgei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.
 Peronia verruculata is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Canalipalpata also known as bristle-footed annelids or fan-head worms is a subclass of polychaete worms with 31 families in it including the Sabellida (tubeworms fanworms and feather duster worms) and the Alvinellidae a family of deep-sea worms associated with hydrothermal vents. The Canalipalpata have no teeth or jaws. Most are filter feeders. They have grooved palpi which are covered in cilia. These cilia are used to transport food particles to the mouth.
 Hedotettix is an genus of insects found in China belonging to the Tetrigidae family of Orthopterans.
 Trematosaurus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian found in Germany and Russia. It was first named by Hermann Burmeister in 1849 and the type species is Trematosaurus brauni.
 Synochoneura sapana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish mixed with brownish costally and in the apical area where it is dotted brownish. The postmedian area is pale pinkish brown tinged cream at the termen. The hindwings are brownish grey but yellowish cream at the apex.
 Pseudoscilla decorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Zodarion kossamos is a spider species found in Greece.
 Ziridava gemmata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands and the Bismarck Archipelago.
 Pseudogonatodes is a genus of geckos often known as South American clawed geckos. It contains seven described species to date.
 Perophora multiclathrata is a species of colonial sea squirt in the genus Perophora. It is native to the tropical Indo-Pacific and the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Caracalla (also known as Caracalla II 1942 – after 1955) was a French racehorse and sire. Unraced as a two-year-old and never competing at a distance shorter than 2400 metres he was undefeated in eight races in a racing career which lasted from the spring of 1945 until October 1946. Caracalla excelled over extended distances winning the Grand Prix de Paris and the Prix Royal Oak in France and the Ascot Gold Cup in Britain.
 Cochranella saxiscandens is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Galomecalpa hydrochoa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province Napo Province and Chimborazo Province) and Peru.
 Sarotorna mesoleuca is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales Victoria).
 Ginaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Solemya elarraichensis is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Solemyidae. It is endemic to the deep-water mud volcano slopes in the Gulf of Cadiz in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
 Pachyneuria is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae found from Mexico to South America.
 Stempfferia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics.
 Coleophora tringella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Russia Kazakhstan and Turkey. It occurs in desert-steppe and desert biotopes.Adults are on wing from late May to June.The larvae feed on Kochia prostrata. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 The Cape genet (Genetta tigrina) also known as the blotched genet large-spotted genet or muskeljaatkat in Afrikaans is a carnivore mammal related to the African linsang and to the civets. It lives only in South Africa. Like other genets it is nocturnal and arboreal. They prefer to live in the riparian zones of forests as long as they are not marshy areas. The maximum life span is 8 years and its conservation status is low risk.
 Ablabesmyia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Achatina vassei is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae the giant African snails.Of ‘Achatina’ vassei only the holotype was known up to 2010. The collector of the type shell Guillaume Vasse was a French big game hunter who spent roughly two years (1904-1907) in central Mozambique with his wife collecting mammals birds insects molluscs (very few) and plants for the Paris Museum of Natural History.
 Chrysotimus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Tytroca dispar is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in semi-deserts and deserts from the Sahara the Arabian Peninsula Israel Jordan and the Sinai.The female adult of this species has a wingspan of 27mm.There are multiple generations per year. Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Acacia species.
 Pteroxanium kelloggi is a species of Psocoptera from Lepidopsocidae family that can be found in France Great Britain Ireland and Madeira. The species are brownish-orange coloured with white spots and are similar to Cerobasis guestfalica.
 The Badidae (the chameleonfishes) are a small family of perciform fishes. Members of this family are found in freshwater lowlands of the Ganges Brahmaputra and Mahanadi basins in Nepal India and Bangladesh; and Irrawaddy in Myanmar and China (Dario species). They are small fish with the largest Badis assamensis reaching a length of 6.8 cm (2.7 in) while the smallest Dario dario does not exceed 2 cm (0.79 in).
 Elysia rufescens is a species of sea slug a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Plakobranchidae. This sea slug resembles a nudibranch but is not classified in that order of gastropods instead belonging to a closely related clade Sacoglossa the sap-sucking sea slugs. This species was first described by Pease from Tahiti in 1871.
 Cnaphostola is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Murgisca cervinalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Murgisca. It was described by Walker in 1863 and is known from the Dominican Republic.
 Homo heidelbergensis — sometimes called Homo rhodesiensis — is an extinct species of the genus Homo which lived in Africa Europe and western Asia from at least 600000 years ago and may date back 1300000 years. It survived until about 200000 to 250000 years ago. Its brain was nearly as large as that of a modern Homo sapiens. It is very likely the direct ancestor of Homo sapiens (in Africa) and the Neanderthals (in Europe) and perhaps also the Denisovans (in Central Asia).
 Ashtabula is a genus of jumping spiders.
 The marbled hatchetfish Carnegiella strigata is a small normally 3.5 cm (1.4 in) in length freshwater ray-finned fish native to South America. Hatchet shaped it presents a gold line extending from its eye to its caudal fin while the area below has a brown and cream colored marble-like pattern (hence its name).
 Ischyja albata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in northern Australia but has also been recorded from Sulawesi.Adults have brown forewings marked with various mottled patterns. The hindwings have a large central blue patch. They are fruit piercers.
 Dicheros bicornis is a species of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae subfamily Cetoniinae.
 Eupithecia turpicula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Holmerika is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Holmerika mulanje Bellamy 1988 Holmerika orientalis Bellamy 1988↑
 The Zig-Zag Emperor Silkmoth (Gonimbrasia tyrrhea) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in central and southern Africa.The wingspan is 90–120 mm. Adults are greenish-grey with a white zig-zag line.The larvae feed on Acacia mollissima Malus Fagus Salix and Laburnum species. They do not spin silk but produce a subterranean pupae. They are matt black with greyish-blue scales and reach a length of up to 100 mm.
 Nessorhamphus is a genus of eels in the family Derichthyidae. It currently contains the following species: Nessorhamphus danae E. J. Schmidt 1931 (Dana duckbill eel) Nessorhamphus ingolfianus (E. J. Schmidt 1912) (Duckbill oceanic eel)
 Hyalea is a genus of large moths of the Crambidae family.
 Bokermann's casque-headed tree frog (Trachycephalus atlas) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euchalcia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Iulota is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Lambula malayana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1982. It is found in Malaysia.
 Mimandria diospyrata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on La Réunion and Mauritius.
 Eupithecia kurilensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on the Kamchatka Peninsula and the Kuriles and in Japan.The wingspan is about 20–25 mm.
 Mesophleps aspina is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Thailand and Burma.The wingspan is 11.5–14 mm. The forewings are light yellow but the basal half of the costa is white.
 Oxyna is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Liuixalus is a small genus of rhacophorid frogs that are distributed in southern China (Hong Kong Hainan Guanxi). All species now in Liuixalus were originally placed in Philautus. There is no diagnostic morphological characters to define the genus. Instead the genus was erected based on molecular genetic evidence showing distinctness of Liuixalus romeri (then known as Chiromantis romeri) from the rest of Chiromantis.
 Megadenus holothuricola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Johnsonita is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Mordella verdensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Goldringia is an extinct nautilid of the Rutoceratidae family that lived during the Middle Devonian. It is known from New York Ohio and Indiana in the United States. Goldringia named by Rousseau Flower in 1945 has a gyroconic shell coiled so as whorls do not touch. The cross section is slightly broader than high; the dorsum on the inside curvature is flatter than venter on the outside curvature. The siphuncle is ventral tubular and free of organic deposits.
 Belenois grandidieri is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Seychelles. The habitat consists of forests and forest margins.
 Collix inaequata is a moth of the Geometridae family. This moth is endemic in La Réunion where it is found in medium altitudes.A known foodplant of the larvae is Badula barthesia an endemic Myrsinaceae. The larvae are green with some pink colorations.
 Pterochelus duffusi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Hyposmocoma corvina is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The type locality is Haleakala.The larvae have been recorded on Acacia koa and probably feed on lichens on the bark.
 Conopomorphina is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Nebria tatrica fatrensis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the mountain range of Velká Fatra in Slovakia and Czech Republic.
 The Esther Moth (Hypagyrtis esther) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Massachusetts to Florida west to Texas north to Ohio.The wingspan is 25-45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to October and from July to August in Ohio.The larvae feed on the leaves of Pinus species.
 Satyrium ilicis (common name Ilex Hairstreak) is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. Wingspan: 16 to 18 mm Time of flight: June and July Habitat: woods up to 1500 m in elevation Host plants: oaks elms Location: Europe Asia Minor Lebanon
 Panagaeinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following genera: Agonica Sloane 1920 Ardistomopsis Straneo & Ball 1989 Bascanus Peringuey 1896 Brachygnathus Perty 1830 Calathocosmus Van Emden 1928 Cintaroa Kasahara 1989 Coptia Brulle 1835 Craspedophorus Hope 1838 Dischissus Bates 1873 Disphericus Waterhouse 1841 Dyschiridium Chaudoir 1861 Epigraphodes Basilewsky 1967 Epigraphus Chaudoir 1869 Eripus Dejean 1829 Euschizomerus Chaudoir 1850 Geobius Dejean 1831 Micrixys Leconte 1854 Microcosmodes Strand 1936 Panagaeus Latreille 1802 Paregraphus Basilewsky 1967 Pelecium Kirby 1817 Peronomerus Schaum 1854 Psecadius Alluaud 1911 Pseudagonica Moore 1960 Stricteripus Straneo & Ball 1989 Tefflus Leach 1819 Tinoderus Chaudoir 1879 Tinognathus Chaudoir 1879 Trichisia Motschulsky 1865 ↑
 Bokermannohyla carvalhoi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Orthogonius parasuturalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 The Golden-bellied White-eye (Zosterops uropygialis) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prunum nivosum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Daddala quadrisignata is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Scyllarus is a genus of slipper lobsters from the Atlantic Ocean including the Mediterranean and Caribbean. Until 2002 the genus included far more species but these are now placed in other genera.
 Elachista nipponicella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Japan.The length of the forewings is 2.6–3.5 millimetres (0.10–0.14 in) for males and 2.8–3.6 millimetres (0.11–0.14 in) for females. The forewings of the males are greyish or grey-brownish mottled with a paler colour and with white markings. Females have dark greyish or blackish forewings often mottled with whitish markings on the basal half.
 Acrocercops cylicota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka and Maharashtra India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914. The hostplants for the species include Colebrookea oppositifolia and Elsholtzia fruticosa.
 The Brazilian squirrel (or Guianan squirrel) (Sciurus aestuans) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to South America. It is found in North-eastern Argentina Brazil Guyana French Guiana Suriname and Venezuela. It is a dark brown squirrel that feeds mainly on fruits and nuts but can also prey on eggs and the young of birds.
 Acalyptris novenarius is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 2000. It is known from Belize.
 Cossmannica exesa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Petrarch (foaled 1873) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won two British Classic Races in 1876. In a career that lasted from October 1875 to October 1878 he ran sixteen times and won eight races. In 1875 Petrarch won the Middle Park Stakes on his only appearance of the season. As a three-year-old in 1876 he won two of the three races which comprise the Triple Crown taking the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket and the St Leger at Doncaster.
 Tetradonematidae is a family of nematodes most being endoparasites of arthropods. A species discovered in 2008 was found to alter the morphology of its ant host apparently so as to make the ant resemble fruits leading to their predation by birds. The ants forage on bird droppings and are infected by the nematodes. Some species infect the invasive ant Solenopsis invicta making them of interest in applied biological control.
 Saphenista nephelodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 The Green Honeycreeper (Chlorophanes spiza) is a small bird in the tanager family. It is found in the tropical New World from southern Mexico south to Brazil and on Trinidad. It is the only member of the genus Chlorophanes. The Purplish Honeycreeper (Chlorophanes purpurascens) a bird from Venezuela known only from the type specimen is now thought to be an intergeneric hybrid between the Green Honeycreeper and either the Red-legged Honeycreeper or the Blue Dacnis.
 The jewelled blenny Salarias fasciatus is a popular marine aquarium fish species in Australasia. Despite being also known as the lawnmower blenny due to its propensity to consume algae growth from rocks and glass it is principally a detritivore with plant material making up only 15% of its diet. This species reaches a length of 14 centimetres (5.5 in) TL.
 The Pale-billed Hornbill (Tockus pallidirostris) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.It is found in Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Tanzania and Zambia.
 Omiza lycoraria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Borneo Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra.
 Sicyopus is a genus of goby native to Africa Asia and Oceania.
 Microzancla ignitalis is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Microzancla. It was described by Hampson in 1897. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo Rio de Janeiro).
 Auratonota paramaldonada is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 27 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish cream with brownish and ferruginous brownish suffusions. The markings are brown. The hindwings are brown.
 Digama nepheloptera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa.
 The olive fruit fly (Bactrocera oleae) is a species of fruit fly which belongs to the Dacinae subfamily. It is a phytophagous species whose larvae feed on the fruit of olive trees hence the common name.
 Abablemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Notoacmea parviconoida is a small species of sea snail or true limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Ripagrotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Trichoptilus subtilis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 Maricaona is a genus of moths in the Tortricidae family. It is consists of only one species Maricaona maricaonana which is found in Puerto Rico.The wingspan is about 14.5 mm for males and 16 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is white preserved in the form of a large postmedian blotch at the costa. The proximal half of the wing is brownish grey with brown diffuse strigulation. The dorsal third of the wing is brownish white with brown-grey suffusions and spots.
 The White Flannel Moth (Norape ovina) is a moth of the Megalopygidae family. In the United States it is found from Washington south to Florida west to Montana and Texas. Its range extends further south through Mexico Guatemala and Panama to Venezuela Surinam and Bolivia.This wingspan is 27–33 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May and from July to October. There are two per year in the north likely more in south.The larvae feed on Hackberry and Redbud.
 Hexachaeta spitzi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Blazia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 In Greek mythology Hippolyta Hippoliyte or Hippolyte (Ἱππολύτη) was the Amazonian queen who possessed a magical girdle she was given by her father Ares the god of war. The girdle was a waist belt that signified her authority as queen of the Amazons. She figures prominently in the myths of both Heracles and Theseus. As such the stories about her are varied enough that they may actually be about a few different characters.
 Tyana falcata is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Omentopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Bulia schausi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North-Western Mexico with strays as far north as Arizona though it was first found in Tehuacan Mexico.
 Taiwanoparasitus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 The southern angle-headed dragon or southern forest dragon (Hypsilurus spinipes) is native to eastern Australian rainforests and rainforest margins from around Gosford in New South Wales to near Gympie in Queensland. It is also present in Barrington Tops National Park New South Wales.The southern angle-headed dragon has a large and continuous nuchal crest with a moderately large vertebral crest. The angular brow is pronounced on both adults and juveniles.
 Camaegeria massai is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Tanzania and Kenya.This species has a wingspan of 19-27mm
 Vexillum lincolnensis is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Antilleptostylus nigricans is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Antilleptostylus. It was described by Fisher in 1935.
 Lativalva is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Drosophila melanogaster species subgroup contains 9 species including the best known species Drosophila melanogaster and D. simulans. The subgroup belongs to the Drosophila melanogaster species group within the subgenus Sophophora.
 Sparganothoides capitiornata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala. The length of the forewings is 9.1–10.2 mm for males and 9.9–10.7 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish brown to brown with a scattering of brown scales and spots. The hindwings are grey. Adults have been recorded on wing in June and July and in October and November probably in two generations per year.
 Dorcatoma setulosa is a species of beetles in the genus Dorcatoma of the family Anobiidae.
 The Snow Pigeon (Columba leuconota) is a species of bird in the Columba genus in the Columbidae family.
 Aporophyla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xenorhinotherium bahiensis is an extinct Brazilian macraucheniid closely related to Macrauchenia of Patagonia.
 Batocnema coquerelii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar the Aldabra Islands and the Comoro Islands.It is similar to Batocnema africanus but the general pattern comprises a much better developed series of bands and patches. The forewing upperside has six rather than two conspicuous costal patches and stripes the most apical of which is small triangular and subapical.
 Wattlebirds (Anthochaera) are members of the Honeyeater family and native to Australia. Species of wattlebird include the Little Wattlebird the Red Wattlebird the Western Wattlebird and the Yellow Wattlebird. Recent evidence suggests the Regent Honeyeater belongs in this genus.Wattlebirds are characterized by their wattles. These are bare fleshy appendages usually wrinkled and often brightly coloured hanging from the cheeks neck or throat and presumably serving for display.
 Coelociontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family has no subfamilies.
 Coleophora mcdunnoughiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Cerastium and possibly Stellaria species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 The longspine combfish Zaniolepis latipinnis is a species of greenling. This species has rough sandpaper-like skin and lives in cold marine waters. It inhabits the muddy bottoms of shallow coastal waters between 35 and 250 m (100 to 800 ft) depth. It is endemic to the northeast Pacific Ocean.
 Partula taeniata common name the Moorean viviparous tree snail is a species of gastropod in the Partulidae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.This species was considered to be extinct in the wild but intensive field surveys have recently detected surviving wild populations.
 The Atiu Swiftlet (Aerodramus sawtelli) is a species of bird in the swift family endemic to Atiu in the Cook Islands.Its natural habitats are the island's fernlands and mixed horticultural areas over which it feeds and in makatea limestone caves within which it nests.
 Kalophrynus bunguranus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Hypermastus tenuissimae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Dactyloceras richinii is a moth in the Brahmaeidae family. It was described by Berio in 1940. It is found in Eritrea.
 Myxine is a genus of hagfish.
 Anthela subfalcata is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Kingena is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Cretaceous to the early Paleocene in Antarctica Europe North America and New Zealand.
 Eugoa trilacunata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat ranges from lowland areas to the upper montane zone.The length of the forewings is 9-12 mm for males and 9-11 mm for females. The forewings are almost entirely obscured with dark grey leaving three areas of pale grey.
 Caseolus commixtus is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. Although the Fauna Europaea spells this species name as shown here with a -us ending in many other sources including the International Wildlife Law listing the name is spelled Caseolus commixta.
 Reymondia is a genus of freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.
 Antepione is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cyprinion semiplotum the Assamese kingfish is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Asia where it occurs in fresh waters of India Nepal Bhutan and Myanmar. This species can reach a length of 60 centimetres (24 in) TL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Coleophora bedella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Iran and Tajikistan.The larvae feed on Salix australis and Populus nigra. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Kiwitrechus karenscottae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Kiwitrechus.
 Echidgnathia khomasana is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Namibia.
 Cyclograpsus granulosus the purple mottled shore crab or smooth shore crab is an Australasian crab species.
 Lycomorpha is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 The Ochre-collared Monarch or Rufous-collared Monarch (Arses insularis) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Miopelecanus is a fossil genus of pelicans with the species M. gracilis dating from the Early Miocene.
 The New Zealand lumpfish Trachelochismus pinnulatus is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae found all around New Zealand including the Three Kings Islands from low water to about 12 m on rocky coastlines. Its length is up to 10 cm.
 Spilarctia hypogopa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests and secondary vegetation.
 Stenodactylus pulcher common name Beautiful Short-fingered Gecko is a gecko species in the genus Stenodactylus. It is found in Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
 The Marañón Crescentchest (Melanopareia maranonica) is a species of bird in the Melanopareiidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prochoreutis arisema is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in Nepal.
 Phyllonorycter similis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū Kyūshū Satunan and Shikoku) Korea and the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Quercus acutissima Quercus cerris Quercus crispula Quercus dentata Quercus mongolica and Quercus serrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an elongate-elliptical blotch mine on the lower surface of the leaf.
 Platycopiidae is a family of copepods. Until the description of Nanocopia in 1988 it contained the single genus Platycopia. It now contains four genera three of which are monotypic; the exception is Platycopia with 8 species.
 Cicurina venii is a rare species of eyeless spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Braken Bat Cave meshweaver. It is endemic to Texas in the United States where it is known from Bracken Cave in Bexar County.
 Coloeus is a subgenus of the bird genus Corvus the crows and allies. It contains two relatively small species both named as jackdaws. They have a blackish crown wings and tail the rest of the plumage being paler.While some authors consider Coloeus a subgenus of Corvus others have classified Coloeus as a distinct genus in the family Corvidae.
 Eugnosta magnificana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Spain and southern France to the Republic of Macedonia north to Hungary and east to the southern Ural Mountains Asia Minor Armenia the Transcaspian area Iran (Kandovan) Afghanistan and China (Inner Mongolia).The wingspan is 19–29 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.
 Rosalia is a genus of longhorn beetles in the family Cerambycidae.
 The African Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone viridis) is a medium-sized passerine bird.The African Paradise Flycatcher is a common resident breeder in Africa south of the Sahara Desert. This species is usually found in open forests and savannah habitats. Two or three eggs are laid in a tiny cup nest in a tree.The adult male African Paradise Flycatcher is about 17 cm long but the very long tail streamers double this. It has a black head neck and underparts and chestnut wings and tail.
 For Asian bamboo rats (family: Spalacidae) see Bamboo rat.The Amazon bamboo rat (Dactylomys dactylinus) is a species of spiny rat from the Amazon Basin of South America. It is also referred to as coro-coro Toró Rato-do-Bambú or Rata del Bambú in different parts of its range. The rat has a body length of over 600 millimeters (about 24 inches) and is covered in olive-grey fur. The bamboo rat prefers to reside in areas of dense vegetation such as clumps of bamboo or in the canopy.
 The Sharp Stigma Looper (Ctenoplusia oxygramma) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Ontario the eastern parts of the United States to Arizona. It has also been reported from Kansas Nebraska Iowa Wisconsin Mexico the Antilles and from California south to Brazil and northern Argentina.The wingspan is about 35 mm.Recorded food plants include Aster Erigeron canadensis Nicotiana tabacum and Solidago.
 The Square-spot Rustic (Xestia xanthographa) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Africa Europe Northern Asia (excluding China) and North America.The species is quite variable in appearance the forewings occurring in various shades of grey or brown with melanic forms common in parts of its range. The best identifying feature is the large pale squarish stigma which gives the species its common name. The hindwings are pale to dark grey with a whitish fringe.
 Nebulosa rabae is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in cloud forests on the eastern slope of the Ecuadorian Andes in the Napo Province.The length of the forewings is 12.5-14 mm for males and 13-14 mm for females. Adults have a mustard-yellow wing color with intricate forewing markings. The hindwings are rich creamy white to mustard yellow.
 Oenopota valentina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The golden poison frog (Phyllobates terribilis) also known as the golden frog golden poison arrow frog or golden dart frog is a poison dart frog endemic to the Pacific coast of Colombia. The optimal habitat of P. terribilis is the rainforest with high rain rates (5 m or more per year) altitudes between 100 and 200 m temperatures of at least 26°C and relative humidity of 80–90%. In the wild P. terribilis is a social animal living in groups of up to six individuals; however captive P.
 Carlia is a genus of skinks commonly known as four-fingered skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae. Carlia belongs to a clade with the genera Niveoscincus Lampropholis and possibly others of the Eugongylus group.
 Eupithecia dentosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Gastromyzon cranbrooki is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 The Streaked Wren-Babbler (Napothera brevicaudata) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Cambodia China India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Plocamopherus lucayensis is a species of sea slug a nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.
 The Smoky Grass Mouse (Akodon fumeus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.
 Fustius extuta is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from northern Thailand.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax the basal part of the costa the triangular patch of the medial area and the terminal area including the fringes are black. The forewing ground colour is beige suffused with light brown scales. The crosslines are untraceable and the terminal line is marked by black interneural dots.
 The Aceramarca Gracile Mouse Opossum or Bolivian Gracile Opossum (Gracilinanus aceramarcae) is a species of opossum in the Didelphidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru. This species inhabits tropical forests (elfin forest). It is likely that it is arboreal although it may forage for fruit insects and other small invertebrates on the forest floor. There are no records of it being outside of the forest.
 Margarella whiteana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae the top snails.
 Ypsolopha contractella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Japan (Hokkaido Honshu) Korea north-eastern China and the Russian Far East.The length of the forewings is 7.3-11.2 mm.
 Idicara was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered to be a synonym of Catephia.
 Hypercompe hambletoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Bidens Eriobotrya Gossypium Hibiscus Manihot and Ricinus species.
 Tantilla is a large genus of harmless New World colubrid snakes which includes 64 species commonly known as centipede snakes blackhead snakes and flathead snakes.
 Rhabdochona papuanensis is a species of nematode parasite. It parasitises freshwater fishes from Papua New Guinea particularly Glossamia gjellerupi and Melanotaenia affinis.
 Aspidoras rochai is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in inland waters in South America and is found in coastal rivers in Ceará Brazil.The fish will grow in length up to 4.0 centimetres (1.6 inches). It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0–7.5 pH a water hardness of 14 dGH and a temperature range of 21–25 °C (70–77 °F). It feeds on worms benthic crustaceans insects and plant matter.
 The Yellow-breasted Flatbill or Yellow-breasted Flycatcher (Tolmomyias flaviventris) is a passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It is found in South America ranging from Colombia and Venezuela south to Peru Bolivia and Brazil and on both Trinidad and Tobago. There are significant variations in its voice and plumage with western birds duller and more olive and eastern and northern birds brighter and more ochre-yellow.
 Ravitria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Colias sieversi is a butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is found in Tadzhikistan.Colias sieversi was described from the Peter the Great Mountains in Central Asia which occupy the eastern part of Bokhara and form a westerly extension of the northern Pamir.
 The Brazilian big-eyed bat (Chiroderma doriae) is a species of phyllostomid bat from South America. The scientific name honours Italian naturalist Giacomo Doria.
 Austrjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 The Musk Lorikeet (Glossopsitta concinna) is a lorikeet one of the three species of the Glossopsitta genus. It inhabits south-central/eastern Australia. The Musk Lorikeet was first described by ornithologist George Shaw in 1790 as Psittacus concinnus from a collection in the vicinity of Port Jackson in what is now Sydney. John Latham described it as Psittacus australis. Its specific epithet is the Latin concinna elegant.
 The Banded Lapwing (Vanellus tricolor) is a small to medium-sized wader of the plover family. It is found over most of Australia and Tasmania though is absent from the northern third of the continent.Banded Lapwings are characterised by a black cap white ear-stripe and black band around the breast with white throat and 'bib'. The eye is yellow encircled by a fleshy yellow ring; a small red wattle lies at the base of the yellow bill.
 Megalomys luciae also known as the Santa Lucian Pilorie or Santa Lucian Giant Rice Rat as well as several variant spellings is an extinct rodent that lived on the island of Saint Lucia in the eastern Caribbean. It was the size of a small cat and it had a darker belly than Megalomys desmarestii a closely related species from Martinique and slender claws. The last known specimen died in London Zoo in 1852 after three years of captivity.
 Mr. C.B. (Japanese : ミスターシービー April 7 1980 - December 15 2000) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse sired by Tosho Boy a son of Tesco Boy out of C.B. Queen a daughter of Topyo. Mr. C.B. won the Japanese Triple Crown in 1983 and was inducted into the Japan Racing Association Hall of Fame in 1986. He died of old age in 2000.
 Curtitoma niigataensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Conus coffeae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Coleoxestia nitidissima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Provence Burnet (Zygaena occitanica) is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found from the Algarve and southern Spain up to the eastern parts of the Cantabrian Mountains.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 The Garden Warbler (Sylvia borin) is a common and widespread small bird that breeds in most of Europe and in western Asia. It is a plain long-winged and long-tailed typical warbler with brown upperparts and dull white underparts; the sexes are similar and juveniles resemble the adults. Its two subspecies differ only slightly and interbreed where their ranges overlap. Due to its lack of distinguishing features this species can be confused with a number of other unstreaked warblers.
 The Baoruco burrowing frog (Eleutherodactylus hypostenor) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Jankowski's Bunting or Rufous-backed Bunting (Emberiza jankowskii) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in China North Korea and Russia.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and temperate grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Sri Lanka Drongo (Dicrurus lophorinus) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.It is endemic to Sri Lanka. It was previously considered a subspecies of the Greater Racket-tailed Drongo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ancylosis oblitella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Zeller in 1848. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. Adults are on wing in May and again from July to August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Chenopodium species.
 Acrocercops cirrhantha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guyana. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 The Ruaha Chat (Myrmecocichla collaris) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in western Tanzania eastern Rwanda Burundi and northern Zambia. Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Homoeotricha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Nemotelinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 The Bristle-nosed Barbet (Gymnobucco peli) is a bird species in the family Lybiidae. It used to be placed in the family Bucconidae which has been split up; alternatively it may be included in a vastly expanded Ramphastidae.It is found in Angola Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Dindicodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Dinner-plate turtle (Chelodina steindachneri) is the least known of the Australian turtles and also one of the smallest members of the long-necked turtles of the genus Chelodina. It is a member of the subgenus Chelodina making it closely related to the Chelodina longicollis group of species.
 Rhagioninae is a worldwide subfamily of predatory snipe flies.
 Pilumnoides inglei is a species of crab known only from a few specimens collected on derelict boats on the south coast of England.
 Eustegania is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Spilosoma ericsoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo.Males have red forewings and immaculate hindwings. Both wings grade distinctively yellowish at the margin. The forewings of the females are less red and have large black spots in the first two spaces from the dorsum. The hindwings of the female have yellow fringes.
 Omicrabulus is an Afrotropical genus of potter wasps.
 Phyllocnistis abatiae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Argentina. The hostplant for the species is Abatia stellata.
 Scutiger chintingensis is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is endemic to Mount Emei region China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudoscaptia rothschildi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas Vietnam Thailand as well as on Malacca Sumatra Java and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests including secondary forests.
 Craugastor rugosus is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Teleiopsis lunariella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 15-17 mm. The forewings are cinereous to rosy reddish sprinkled and suffused with tawny grey and black scaling. The hindwings are tawny grey with a rosy tinge.The larvae feed on Rumex lunaria. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large glassy blotch. All frass is ejected out of the mine.
 The dwarf sheet spiders (family Hahniidae) are small spiders their bodies are about 2 mm in length. They build extremely delicate webs in the form of a sheet and unlike many spiders the web does not lead to a retreat. The silk used in these webs is so fine that they are difficult to spot unless they are coated with dew. They greatly favor locations near water or near moss and are often found in leaf litter and detritus or on the leaves of shrubs and trees.
 Aristaea pavoniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Germany and Poland to Italy as well as central and southern Russia.The wingspan is 8–10 mm.The larvae feed on Aster alpinus Aster amellus and Aster bellidiastrum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts with a very shallow lower-surface corridor continuing as a large full depth tentiform mine. The upper surface shows a distinct keel.
 Altitudella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Heterodera tabacum is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Lecithocera tienchiensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 16–18 mm. The forewings are greyish brown broader toward the termen and with brown scales sparsely scattered beyond two thirds length. The color changes to light orange along the costa on the under surface. There are two discal spots the inner one is slightly smaller than the outer one. The hindwings are grey.
 Hyposmocoma wailua is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The species belongs to the amphibious caterpillar guild of the Hyposmocoma genus.
 Anchitheriomys is an extinct member of the beaver family Castoridae. Until recently it was placed in a closely related family of rodents Eutypomyidae but a partial skull shows similarities to another early beaver Agnotocastor.
 The northern bat (Eptesicus nilssonii) is the most abundant species of bat in northern Eurasia. It is found from England to Hokkaidō and down to northern India. It is closely related to Serotine bat (Eptesicus serotinus).
 Taurhina is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
 Ortalis concisivitta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Potamotrygonocotyle dromedarius is a stingray parasite that lives in Brazil.
 Mordellistena daurica is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1860 by Motsch.
 Novosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Novosia herbuloti which is found in Madagascar.
 Granville Again (20 June 1986 – August 2003) was a British-bred racehorse racehorse who competed in National Hunt races and recorded his most important win in the 1993 Champion Hurdle. In his early career he won two of his three National Hunt Flat races and was a successful Novice Hurdler winning the Dovecote Novices' Hurdle and Top Novices' Hurdle as well as finishing second in the Supreme Novices' Hurdle.
 Laticephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Episema is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cochinchinula is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Cochinchinula bilyi Volkovitsh 2008 Cochinchinula quadriareolata (Obenberger 1924) Cochinchinula thailandica Volkovitsh 2008↑
 The Lorrain dormouse (Graphiurus lorraineus) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family. It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ghana Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna and plantations .
 The Big Poplar Sphinx (Pachysphinx occidentalis) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives throughout Canada and the United States. The habitat consists of riparian areas and suburbs.The wingspan is 130–150 mm. There are two color forms a pale form with yellow brown forewings which are dark gray in the dark form. The lines and bands are well-defined.
 Cephonodes rothschildi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Star Mountains in Papua New Guinea.
 Hypolimnus redirects here. The butterfly genus Hypolimnas is often misspelled thus.The Lake Pedder Earthworm (Hypolimnus pedderensis) was an earthworm species in the family Megascolecidae. Its genus Hypolimnus is monotypic.It was endemic to the Lake Pedder area in Tasmania Australia prior to its flooding in 1972 for a hydro-electric power scheme. It is only known from a specimen collected from a Lake Pedder beach in 1971. A 1996 survey failed to find it and it is presumed extinct.
 Acrobasis erastriella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in Azerbaijan.
 Tenuipalpidae also called flat mites or false spider mites are a family of mites closely related to the Tetranychidae. They are reddish slow moving and normally feed near the midrib or veins on the underside of leaves. Several species among them Raoiella indica are important crop pests. Other common species include the Brevipalpus species B. phoenicis B. californicus B. obovatus and B. lewisi.
 Scopula dismutata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Sphragifera sigillata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia including the Russian Far East Japan and Taiwan.The wingspan is 32–40 mm.
 Distorsio jenniernestae is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae the Distortio snails.
 Natica adansoni is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 The Red-crowned Toadlet (Pseudophryne australis) is a species of Australian ground frog restricted to the Sydney Basin New South Wales. It is only found around sandstone escarpment areas around Sydney from Ourimbah in the north Nowra to the south and the Blue Mountains areas to the west. Pretty Beach Public School is one of the few safe havens for this species.
 The Common Flameback or Common Goldenback (Dinopium javanense) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Bangladesh Brunei Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. The Spot-throated Flameback is sometimes considered a subspecies.
 Harutaeographa craspedophora is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Afghanistan (the Paghman Mountains).
 Macromphalina harryleei is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Thaleia nisonis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Bactromantis virga is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bactromantis in the order Mantodea.
 Symphysa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Trimeresurus stejnegeri is a species of venomous pit viper endemic to Asia. Its common names include bamboo viper Chinese tree viper Chinese green tree viper and others. Three subspecies are currently recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Sairostoma is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Agabus melanarius is a species of beetle endemic to Europe where it is only found in Austria Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Great Britain Bulgaria the Czech Republic mainland Denmark Estonia Finland mainland France Germany Hungary mainland Italy Kaliningrad Lithuania Luxembourg mainland Norway Poland Russia except in the East Sardinia Slovakia Sweden Switzerland the Netherlands Ukraine and Yugoslavia.
 Ortalis snowi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Vinciguerria attenuata is a species of lightfish.
 Agrotis experta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Tarapacá and Antofagasta regions of Chile and the Callao District of Peru.The wingspan is 40-60 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October.The larvae have been recorded on beet sesame alfalfa cotton kidney bean Solanum tuberosum and tobacco.
 Iso is a genus of surf sardines (Notocheiridae'). Classification in the family Isonidae distinct from Notocheirus has also been used.
 The Brown-headed Honeyeater (Melithreptus brevirostris) is a species of passerine bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.The Brown-headed Honeyeater was first described by Vigors & Horsfield in 1827. Its species name is derived from the Latin terms brevis short and rostrum beak. Five subspecies have been described.
 Nembrotha aurea is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. It was first described in 2008.
 Indorana is an extinct genus of lissamphibians which existed in what is now India during the Early Eocene. The type and only known species is Indorana prasadi.The genus name comes from Latin Indo- (India) and rana (frog) while the species is named in honor of the Indian paleontologist Guntupalli V.R. Prasad.
 The Ketsi Blue (Lepidochrysops ketsi) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 32–35 mm for males and 32–33 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to March with peaks in November and January. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Selago species including Selago corymbosa and Selago geniculata and Salvia species.
 Megathymus yuccae commonly known as the Yucca Giant-Skipper is a rare early season butterfly that is widespread across the southern United States. It belongs in the family Hesperiidae subfamily Megathyminae.
 Rhagium bifasciatum sometimes called the two-banded longhorn beetle is one of the most common longhorn beetles in Europe Turkey and the Caucasus although it is absent from the far north-east of Europe and some offshore islands such as Malta. It may reach 22 millimetres (0.87 in) long and can be distinguished by the two prominent pale yellow bands on each of the elytra although up to seventeen different patterns have been recognised.Like other longhorn beetles R.
 The Monte Yellow Finch (Sicalis mendozae) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in western Argentina.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Nabis occidentalis is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Phryganeopsis are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Phryganeopsis brunnea which is found in California.
 The Bee Hummingbird or Zunzuncito (Mellisuga helenae) is a species of hummingbird that is endemic to dense forests and woodland edges on the main island of Cuba and (formerly) on the Isla de la Juventud also part of the nation of Cuba. With a mass of approximately 1.6–2 g (0.056–0.071 oz) and a length of 5–6 cm (2.0–2.4 in) it is the smallest living bird.
 Pseudotirolitidae is an extinct family of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass in the order Ceratitida.
 Drillia cunninghamae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Toxolasma is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 The diademed sifaka (Propithecus diadema) or diademed simpona is an endangered species of sifaka one of the lemurs endemic to certain rainforests in eastern Madagascar. This species is one of the world's largest living lemurs with a total adult length of approximately 105 centimetres (41 inches) half of which is tail.
 The Secucuni Shadefly (Coenyra rufiplaga) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa it is widespread in the Limpopo Province from the Waterberg Biosphere and Strydpoortberg to the Wolkberg.The wingspan is 32-36 mm for males and 34-38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to May (with a peak in late summer).The larvae probably feed on Poaceae species.
 Glipa siamemsis is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1923.
 Dodogaster is a genus of braconid wasp. It currently consists only of the type species Dodogaster grangeri also described by Rousse & Gupta 2013
 Callibryastis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species Callibryastis pachnota which is found in Vietnam and India.Adults usually have almost unicolorous blackish brown forewings.
 Phtheochroa melasma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Hemicalypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Locastra is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859.
 Coleophora milvipennis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in all of Europe east to Japan (Hokkaido).The wingspan is 10–13 mm. Adults are on wing in one generation per year from late June to July.The larvae feed on Alnus glutinosa Alnus incana Alnus viridis Betula nana Betula pubescens Carpinus betulus Corylus avellana and Myrica gale. They create a spatulate leaf case. It is slender bivalved and 8–11 mm long with a slight curve at the rear end.
 The Golden-crested Myna (Ampeliceps coronatus) is a species in the starling and myna family Sturnidae. It ranges from India to Vietnam and northern Malaysia and has been introduced to the British Indian Ocean Territory. Its main habitat is subtropical and tropical moist lowland forest but it is also found in heavily degraded former forest.
 Gymnobela leptoglypta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eupithecia karnaliensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan the Great Western Himalaya Mountains (Jammu & Kashmir) and Nepal. It is found at altitudes between 2200 and 3200 meters.
 Fulguropsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melongenidae the crown conches and their allies.
 Podisma pedestris is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Melanoplinae.
 The Malagasy Bulbul (Hypsipetes madagascariensis) also known as the Madagascar Bulbul is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family. It is found on the Comoros Madagascar Mayotte and the Seychelles.
 Poecilasthena nubivaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Elachista pollutissima is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Turkey.
 Glossodoris pallida is a species of a nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.
 Calidota hadesia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1927. It is found in Paraguay.
 Rissopsetia altispira is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Yellow-bearded Greenbul or Yellow-throated Olive Greenbul (Criniger olivaceus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.
 The Crow-billed Drongo (Dicrurus annectans) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.
 Nepogomphoides is a genus of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It contains the following species: Nepogomphoides stuhlmanni
 Eleutherodactylus avius is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Georissa is a genus of minute cave snails terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrocenidae.
 Cerithidium liratum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Spathobatis is an extinct genus of ray from the Jurassic period of Europe.Spathobatis had a body similar to that of a modern guitarfish being highly flattened and widened specializing the creature for a life on the ocean floor. Although it is one of the earliest known fossil rays it already resembled modern forms in a number of ways.
 Hylettus coenobita is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Erichson in 1847 and is known from Guatemala Panama Brazil Bolivia Peru eastern Ecuador and French Guiana.
 The Pacific shortfinned eel (Anguilla obscura also known as the Pacific shortfinned freshwater eel the Short-finned eel and the South Pacific eel) is an eel in the family Anguillidae. It was described by Albert Günther in 1872. It is a tropical freshwater eel which is known from western New Guinea Queensland Australia the Society Islands and possibly South Africa. The eels spend most of their lives in freshwater but migrate to the Pacific Ocean to breed.
 Callidula erycinoides is a moth in the Callidulidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found on Ternate Halhamera and Batjan.
 Adamsia palliata is a species of sea anemone in the family Hormathiidae. It is usually found growing on a gastropod shell inhabited by the hermit crab Pagurus prideaux. The anemone often completely envelops the shell and because of this it is commonly known as the cloak anemone.
 The Japanese Luehdorfia (Luehdorfia japonica) is a species of butterfly in the subfamily Parnassiinae of Papilionidae. It is found in Japan and China. It was discovered by Yasushi Nawa in Japan's Gifu Prefecture in 1883. It is also known as the Gifu Butterfly (岐阜蝶 or ギフチョウ Gifu Chō)Luehdorfia japonica is univoltine with adult emergence in early spring. The larval host plants are wild gingers species of the genus Asarum.
 The eastern red scorpionfish grandfather hapuku New Zealand scorpionfish or New Zealand red rock cod Scorpaena cardinalis is a scorpionfish of the family Scorpaenidae found in New Zealand and southern Australia.
 The Germain's Swiftlet (Aerodramus germani) is a species of swift.It is found in China Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eupithecia ericeata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in most of southern Europe and the Near East.The wingspan is about 17–19 mm. Adults are variable ranging from a typical light form with a distinct pattern on the forewings to an unicolorous melanistic form.The larvae feed on Erica Juniperus and Cytisus species.
 Romualdia elongata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Rondotia is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 Our Babu (1952–16 December 1977) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from May 1954 to June 1955 he ran nine times and won four races. He was Britain's top-rated juvenile of 1954 when his win included the Middle Park Stakes and the Champagne Stakes and went on to win the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket the following spring.
 Samoana conica is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to American Samoa.
 Devario affinis is a freshwater  a cyprinid fish found in India which grows up to 8 cm (3.1 in) in length.
 Panthiades aeolus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1775. It is found in Guyana Surinam Brazil Ecuador and Trinidad.
 Coleophora luciennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France.
 Thripophaga is the genus of birds that popularly are known as softtails. They are members of the family Furnariidae which are related to the thistletails. They are found in wooded and shrubby habitats sometimes near water in South America.
 Otukaia crustulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Ceramurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Aethalida banggaiensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Nieuwenhuis in 1948. It is found on Banggai Island.
 Carinariidae known by the common name heteropods like their relatives in the Pterotracheoidea is a taxonomic family of swimming or floating sea snails pelagic marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.
 Coleophora pennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 15–20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Anchusa officinalis Cynoglossum officinale Echium italicum Echium vulgare Lithospermum officinale Myosotis Nonea Onosma Pentaglottis Pulmonaria officinalis and Symphytum officinale. Young larva feed on the developing seeds and hibernate in their first case which is made of the tip of a petal.
 Tetraplatidae is a family of jellyfish in the order Narcomedusae. There is one genus Tetraplatia and two species.
 Eatoniella glacialis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae the eatoniellids.
 Ozyptila confluens is a crab spider species found in Southern Europe and Syria.
 Xenomystax austrinus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David G. Smith and Robert H. Kanazawa in 1989.
 Gymnobela baruna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Charitopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Cenomanian.
 The Great Ground Dove (Gallicolumba nui) is an extinct species of bird in the Columbidae family. It was found in Mangaia in the southern Cook Islands and in French Polynesia where subfossil bones between 1-2000 years old have been found in the Marquesas as well as between 750-1250 years old at the Fa'ahia early occupation site on Huahine in the Society Islands.
 Eryopoidea are a taxon of late Carboniferous and Permian temnospondyli amphibians known from North America and Europe. Carroll includes no less than ten families but Yates and Warren replace this with a cladistic approach and include only two Permian families the Eryopidae and Zatrachydidae. They define the Eryopoidea as all Euskelia in which the choana are relatively rounded and the iliac blade vertical. A similar definition but without the Euskelia is provided by Laurin and Steyer.
 Labrisomus haitiensis the Longfin blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. This species inhabits such habitats as reefs beds of seagrass and near shore rocky or rubble substrates with plentiful algal growth. This species can reach a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Phyllonorycter solani is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Argentina.The larvae feed on Solanum species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the underside of the leaf.
 Sparganothis xanthoides the Mosaic Sparganothis Moth is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
 Myrmeleontoidea is a lacewing superfamily in the suborder Myrmeleontiformia.
 The Silver Whip (Autographa flagellum) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland west across southern Canada to south-eastern British Columbia south in the east to Maine Michigan and Wisconsin. There are isolated reports from further south (Pennsylvania and Colorado).The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Liatris and Helianthus species.
 Powelliphanta augusta previously provisionally known as Powelliphanta Augustus is a species of amber snail a large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.
 Acanthemblemaria balanorum the Clubhead blenny is a species of chaenopsid blenny native to coral reefs in the Gulf of California in the eastern central Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 5.2 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton.
 Cociella is a genus of flatheads native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 The white marmoset (Mico leucippe) or golden-white bare-ear marmoset is a marmoset species endemic to Brazil.
 Tactusa artus is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from north-western Thailand.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewing is long and narrow. The ground colour is yellowish with a basal-costal patch and a dorso-medial triangular patch. It is yellowish between the basal and the antemedial lines. All subterminal and terminal areas except for four small beige costal dots are blackish brown including the fringes. The subterminal and terminal lines are beige.
 The Wool Moth (Monopis icterogastra) is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in most of Australia.It is thought that the moths of this species lay live young caterpillars rather than eggs.
 Alaena dodomaensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of medium altitude Brachystegia woodland and thornbush on rocky hillsides at altitudes ranging from 700 to 1400 metres.
 Pelargopsis was also invalidly given to Pelargopappus a genus of fossil secretarybirds.Pelargopsis is a genus of tree kingfishers which are resident in tropical south Asia from India and Sri Lanka to Indonesia.
 Volvarina joubini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Iodotropheus declivitas is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. This species can reach a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Elpistoichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
 The Carruther's Mountain Squirrel (Funisciurus carruthersi) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Brookesia ambreensis also commonly known as the Amber Mountain leaf chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It was initially described in 1995 by Raxworthy and Nussbaum.
 The pied tamarin (Saguinus bicolor) is an endangered primate species found in a restricted area in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest.
 Olios is the largest genus of huntsman spiders containing 250 species. They are found throughout the world with most species occurring in hot countries. The genus was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1837.
 The Black-headed Tody-Flycatcher (Todirostrum nigriceps) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Panama and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ogygioses caliginosa is a species of moths of the Palaeosetidae family. It is only known from Taiwan.
 Stigmatophora tridens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 Elaphrus splendidus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Fisher von Wandheim in 1829.
 Gudusia is a genus of shad that are found in the rivers of South and Southeast Asia. The genus currently contains two described species.
 Pleurotomella catharinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Rainbow Shiner (Notropis chrosomus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.The Rainbow Shiner has a length of 5 to 8 centimeters. It has translucent color from pink to golden with a silver-black stripe along its flanks. The base of its fins are of a reddish color. Adult males change their color during the mating period.
 Nealcidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nealcidion adjunctum (Thomson 1865) Nealcidion albatum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion albolineatum Monne & Monne 2009 Nealcidion alboplagiatum (Martins & Monné 1974) Nealcidion antennatum Monne & Monne 2009 Nealcidion armatum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion badium Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion batesi (Kirsch 1889) Nealcidion bicristatum (Bates 1863) Nealcidion bispinum (Bates 1863) Nealcidion brachiale (Bates 1872) Nealcidion bruchi (Melzer 1934) Nealcidion cereicola (Fisher 1936) Nealcidion costatum (Monné & Martins 1976) Nealcidion coxale (Kirsch 1889) Nealcidion cristulatum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion cuspidatum Monné 1998 Nealcidion cyllenoide (Aurivillius 1925) Nealcidion decoratum (Melzer 1932) Nealcidion elegans Monne & Monne 2009 Nealcidion elongatum Monné 1998 Nealcidion emeritum (Erichson 1847) Nealcidion eulophum (Bates 1881) Nealcidion femoratum (Monné & Martins 1976) Nealcidion formosum (Monné & Martins 1976) Nealcidion furciferum (Bates 1881) Nealcidion griseum (Aurivillius 1900) Nealcidion humerosum (Bates 1880) Nealcidion hylaeanum (Monné & Martins 1976) Nealcidion interrogationis (Bates 1863) Nealcidion laetulum (Bates 1880) Nealcidion latipenne (Bates 1863) Nealcidion latum (Thomson 1860) Nealcidion lineatum (Bates 1863) Nealcidion melasmum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion meridanum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion minimum (Bates 1863) Nealcidion murinum Monné 1998 Nealcidion nebulosum (Bates 1880) Nealcidion oculatum (Bates 1863) Nealcidion omissum (Martins & Monné 1974) Nealcidion parallelum (Monné & Martins 1976) Nealcidion privatum (Pascoe 1866) Nealcidion pulchrum (Bates 1880) Nealcidion quinquemaculatum (Tippmann 1960) Nealcidion scutellatum (Bates 1881) Nealcidion sexguttatum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion sexnotatum (Waterhouse 1901) Nealcidion silvai Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion simillimum (Melzer 1932) Nealcidion singulare Monné 1998 Nealcidion socium (Gahan 1895) Nealcidion spinosum Monné & Delfino 1986 Nealcidion strigilis (Erichson 1847) Nealcidion triangulare (Bates 1863) Nealcidion trivittatum (Bates 1863) Nealcidion venosum (Bates 1880)↑
 Diphtheroglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Pseudochilus is a small afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 5 currently known species.
 Phyllonorycter sexnotella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Kentucky and Pennsylvania).The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm.
 Dasumia carpatica is a spider species found in Eastern Europe.
 The Southern Climbing Mouse (Rhipidomys austrinus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
 Autochloris ectomelaena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil (Sao Paulo).
 Coenagrion intermedium is a damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It's commonly known as the Cretan bluet. It was previously a subspecies of Coenagrion ponticum
 Chiloglanis angolensis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Angola where it occurs in the Cuango River and the Rio Coroca. This species grows to a length of 5.6 centimetres (2.2 in) SL.
 Obesotoma gigas is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Tropaeas livida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gemmuloborsonia didyma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Benacoceras is a strongly ribbed evolute ammonite from the Late Jurassic coiled so that all whorls are exposed. Ribbing is biplicate with very short secondaries. The venter the outer rim is smooth at least on the outer whorl.
 Eupithecia studiosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shensi).
 Piratula hurkai is a wolf spider species found in Ukraine Russia Georgia and Abkhazia.
 Abseudrapa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dancea rodriguezensis is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae the hive snails. This species is endemic to Mauritius.
 Antigraptis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Actizera is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. They are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
 Heteropsis peitho the Forest Patroller is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of high forests.
 Holophaea ruatana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Honduras.
 Flockton Grey was the British racehorse at the centre of one of the largest betting scandals to hit British horseracing which remains the best-known case of a corrupt trainer and owner using a ringer to race in place of another horse. Because of the use of a ringer Flockton Grey did not actually run in the race for which he became most famous.
 Arremonops is a genus of neotropical birds in the Emberizidae family. All species are found in Central America Mexico and/or northern South America. The Olive Sparrow reaches southern Texas.
 The European hornet Vespa crabro commonly known simply as the hornet or bell hornet in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States is the largest European eusocial wasp and the largest hornet in North America. The queen measures 25 to 35 mm (1–1.4 in) long; workers are 18–24 mm.
 Sarmatia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bilyesta dactylozoides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Bilyesta.
 Montereina is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Nannostomus harrisoni is a species of pencil fish. Native to The Guianas the species displays a single horizontal stripe of intense black and blood red adornments on its fins. Though the recently described species N. grandis has been dubbed the largest member of the genus adult N. harrisoni commonly grow to a length of 70 mm making it in fact the largest species of pencil fish described to date. It is commonly known as Harrison's pencilfish.
 Baetidae is a family of mayflies with about 900 described species distributed worldwide. These are among the smallest of mayflies adults rarely exceeding 10 mm in length excluding the two long slender tails and sometimes much smaller and members of the family are often referred to as small mayflies or small minnow mayflies. Most species have long oval forewings with very few cross veins (see Comstock-Needham system) but the hindwings are usually very small or even absent.
 Thyrosticta raharizonina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Paracanthopterygii is a superorder of fishes. Members of this superorder are called paracanthopterygians.It includes five orders: Percopsiformes (trout-perches & allies) Batrachoidiformes (toadfishes) Lophiiformes (goosefishes etc.) Gadiformes (cods & allies) Ophidiiformes (cusk eels etc.)
 Gastrocopta moravica is a fossil species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.This species is known from the Upper Pliocene to the Early Pleistocene. Gastrocopta moravica (together with Gastrocopta serotina) is chronostratigraphically significant as an index fossil for the Late Tiglian (= Gelasian within the Early Pleistocene).
 Coelopa frigida is a species of seaweed fly or kelp fly. It is the most widely distributed species of seaweed fly. It can be found on most shorelines in the temperate Northern Hemisphere. Other species of seaweed flies include Coelopa pilipes.The fly has a grayish black body and yellow-brown legs.The fly oviposits in dead kelp that washes up on beaches. This is the only place it lays eggs and it can do so on many species of kelp and seaweed including species of Laminaria and Fucus.
 Callichroma cosmicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by White in 1853. It is known from Honduras Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
 The American hog-nosed skunk (Conepatus leuconotus) is a species of hog-nosed skunk from Central and North America and is one of the largest skunks in the world growing to lengths of up to 2.7 feet (82.5 cm).
 Honora sciurella is a species of snout moths in the genus Honora. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in California.
 The Chinese mountain cat (Felis bieti) also known as the Chinese desert cat and the Chinese steppe cat is a wild cat of western China that has been classified as Vulnerable by IUCN as the effective population size may be fewer than 10000 mature breeding individuals.Since 2007 it is classified as a wildcat subspecies F. silvestris bieti based on genetic analysis.
 Arcoptilia pongola is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Plagiotremus laudandus the bicolour fangblenny false harptail-blenny poison-fang blenny mimic yellow-tailed blenny or the yellowtail fangblenny mimic is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Ethmia farrella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Jamaica and the Florida Keys.The length of the forewings is 6.5-6.7 mm. The ground color of the forewings is whitish heavily and nearly uniformly streaked with longitudinal dark gray blotches. The ground color of the hindwings is semitranslucent white tinged with brownish distally. Adults have been recorded from May to September in Florida.
 Miltochrista radians is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam Calcutta).
 Enrogalia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Leptotyphlops unguirostris or the Southern blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Homaloptera is a genus of ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.
 Trachelyichthys is a genus of driftwood catfishes found in tropical South America.
 Coleophora minoica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Greece and on Crete.
 Pseudoxylomoea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cassiana is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956 and contains the species C. malacella. It is found in Mexico the southern United States the British Virgin Islands Puerto Rico and Bermuda.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. The forewings are pale greyish fuscous although the area between the cell and the costa is white with a faint scattered dusting of reddish scales.
 Nephele argentifera is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from coastal bush and savanna from Somalia to northern South Africa.The length of the forewings is 32–35 mm and the wingspan is 78–85 mm. The black lateral spots of the abdomen are large and well defined. The ground colour of the body and forewings is dark olive usually fading to light ochreous brown.
 Babelomurex macrocephalus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ristella guentheri commonly known as Günther's Ristella is a species of skink endemic to India.
 Metallarcha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Thrincophora impletana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia (including the Australian Capital Territory and Tasmania).The wingspan is about 28 mm.
 The Ludia's shrew (Crocidura ludia) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 This article is about a wasp genus. For UFO see UFO (disambiguation) or Unidentified flying objectUfo abei is the only species in the gall wasp genus Ufo. It was recently found from Japan.
 Eupithecia leucospila is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India (Assam) and Thailand.
 Parafrasura is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Africa. It is known from Angola Tchad Congo and Cameroon.The only species in this genus is Parafrasura pectinella Strand 1922 which is similar to Afrasura and Tumicla.
 Eteobalea albiapicella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Spain France Germany Switzerland Austria Italy Corsica the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Croatia Slovenia Romania the Republic of Macedonia Greece southern Russia and Turkey.The wingspan is 10–12 mm.
 Leucanimorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brown-rumped Bunting (Emberiza affinis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Mali Mauritania Niger Nigeria Senegal Sudan Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The White-crested Helmetshrike (Prionops plumatus) also known as the White Helmetshrike is a species of passerine bird in the helmetshrike family Prionopidae formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.
 Australimyzidae is a family of flies (Diptera). There is 1 genus containing 9 known species known from Australia and New Zealand and subantarctic surrounding islands. They have saprophagous larvae.
 Phidippus pulcherrimus is a species of spider in the Salticidae (jumping spider) family. It belongs to the genus Phidippus and is found in the United States.P. pulcheriimus was first described in 1885 by Eugen von Keyserling.
 Orthaga polyscia is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 Terenthina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Chauvetia recondita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Plumbeous Silverline Aphnaeus schistacea is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Trachylepis maculata is a species of skink in the genus Trachylepis recorded from Demerara in Guyana northern South America. It is placed in the genus Trachylepis which is otherwise mostly restricted to Africa and its type locality may be in error. It is an unstriped olive-brown grayish animal with dark spots all over the body.
 The Cerulean Cuckooshrike (Coracina temminckii) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Premolis excavata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Semioptila is a genus of moths in the family Himantopteridae.
 The African giant free-tailed bat (Tadarida ventralis) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Sudan Tanzania Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly South Africa. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Aphonopelma is a genus of tarantulas members of which are native to the Americas. It includes nearly all of the North American tarantulas north of Mexico and a considerable part of the tarantulas which range into Central America. Only a few species are described from South America. About 90 species have been described but many if not most of these are inadequately studied and very little is known about them. Most are large and like other New World tarantulas they have urticating hairs.
 Not to be confused with the coonhound.The raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides from the Greek words nukt- night + ereutēs wanderer + prokuōn before-dog [but in New Latin used to mean raccoon] + -oidēs -oid) also known as the magnut or tanuki is a canid indigenous to East Asia. It is the only extant species in the genus Nyctereutes. It is considered a basal canid species resembling ancestral forms of the family.
 Bothragonus is a genus of poachers native to the Pacific Ocean.
 Aforia multispiralis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 Lycinus domeyko is a mygalomorph spider of Chile named after its type locality: Domeyko Huasco Region III (Atacama Region). It is the smallest species in the genus. Its size the size of the bulb its short embolus and the cymbial setae directed toward the apex distinguish this species from all other Lycinus.
 Blastobasis transcripta is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in India.The larvae have been recorded feeding within the twigs of Pinus longifolia.
 Microcrambon is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Oliva carneola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Boophis baetkei is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.
 Matapa druna the Grey-brand Redeye is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Sikkim to northern Vietnam Borneo and Bali.The length of the forewings is 19.4-23.4 mm for males and 21.4-26 mm for females. The upperside is uniform brown and the underside is ferruginous.The larvae feed on Bambusa species.
 The Meves's Starling or Meves's Glossy-starling (Lamprotornis mevesii) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German ornithologist Friederich Wilhelm Meves.
 Phyllonorycter aceripestis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tajikistan and Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on Acer regeli and Acer turkestanicum. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Synemon maja is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia.
 Giraffa is a genus of mammals in the Giraffidae family. The genus consists of seven species including the giraffe Giraffa camelopardalis the only extant species.
 Libys is a genus of the prehistoric coelacanth lobe-finned fish an intermediary form between sea and land animals. It belongs to the family of Latimeridae which is also the family of the living coelacanth Latimeria. These fishes lived during the Upper Jurassic period (Kimmeridgian - Tithonian about 150 to 145 million years ago).
 Holcocera amicae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Cerithium muscarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Eulaema is a genus of large-bodied euglossine bees that occur primarily in the Neotropics.They are robust brown or black bees hairy or velvety and often striped with yellow or orange typically resembling bumblebees. They lack metallic coloration as occurs in the related genus Eufriesea.
 Harmonia is a genus of lady beetles belonging to the subfamily Coccinellinae.
 Simonsig (foaled 2 May 2006) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He has won eight of his nine races and is best known for winning the Neptune Investment Management Novices' Hurdle at the 2012 Cheltenham Festival and the Arkle Challenge Trophy at the 2013 Festival. He is owned by Ronnie Bartlett and trained by Nicky Henderson.
 Niphargus hadzii is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae. It is endemic to Slovenia and is named after Slovene zoologist Jovan Hadži.
 Parospinus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Santonian.
 Mad Hatter (foaled 1916 in Kentucky) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was named U.S. Champion Older Male Horse in 1921.
 Condylopyge is a genus of very small trilobites that lived during the latest Early and the early Middle Cambrian in what are today Canada (Newfoundland and New Brunswick) Czech Republic England and Wales France Germany Italy Morocco the Russian Federation (North-East Siberia) Spain Turkey and Sweden. It can easily be distinguished from all other Agnostida because the frontal lobe of the central raised area of the headshield (or glabella) is wider than the rear lobe.
 Paraparatrechina is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae. The genus is restricted to the Paleotropics.
 Velhoania is a genus of moths in the Tortricidae family. It is consists of only one species Velhoania paradoxa which is found in Brazil (Mato Grosso Rondonia).The wingspan is about 6 mm. The ground colour is white with yellow brown markings. The hindwings are brownish grey but transparent in the basal half.
 Nystia is an extinct genus of fossil freshwater snails aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Truncatellidae.The genus Nystia was previously classified within the Stenothyridae or the Micromelaniidae. It is currently classified within the Truncatellidae according to Kadolsky (1988).
 Hiperleptodema enigmatica is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Hiperleptodema.
 Schinia psamathea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from east-central Georgia southwestward to the Panhandle of Florida southeastern Alabama and southwestern Mississippi.
 Rissoa variabilis common name the variable risso is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Labeo lankae is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Sri Lanka.
 Dendropoma is a genus of irregularly-coiled sea snails known as worm shells or worm snails. These are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Vermetidae the worm snails.
 Peristichia lepta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Grammia allectans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Ferguson in 1985. It is found in Mexico (Durango and Sonora) and the Chiricahua Mountains of southern Arizona. The habitat consists of open montane pine forests.The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown with buff to yellowish bands. The hindwings are orange-red with a dark brown pattern. Adults are on wing from early May to late June.
 Sauvagella madagascariensis is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Leona maracanda the Scarce Large Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Nigeria Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Zambia.The larvae have been recorded feeding on a climbing rattan palm in the Arecaceae family.
 Lemyra imparilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found in China (Guangdong Liaonin Hebei Shandong Jiangxi Hunan Fujian Beijing) Taiwan Japan and Korea.
 Batrachedra paritor is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Jamaica.
 Ravinella (foaled 1985) was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for being the outstanding European filly of her generation in 1987 and for winning the classic 1000 Guineas in 1988.
 Urophora hispanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Oscinella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Mechanitis is a genus of tigerwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Fabricius in 1807. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Helcystogramma trijunctum is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It is found in China (Sichuan Jiangxi) and Taiwan.
 Eupodophis is an extinct genus of snake from the Late Cretaceous period. It has two small hind legs and is considered a transitional form between Cretaceous lizards and limbless snakes. The feature described as vestigial was most likely useless to Eupodophis. The type species Eupodophis descouensi was named in 2000.
 Valvata cristata is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Valvatidae the valve snails.
 Chetone zuleika is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama Colombia and Brazil.Adults mimic the butterflies Heliconius hecale zuleika Tithorea tarricina pinthias Eueides procula vulgiformis and Papilio ascolius zalates.
 Attiliosa kevani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Lates microlepis the Forktail lates is a species of lates perch endemic to Lake Tanganyika. Juveniles inhabit inshore habitats moving as adults to open-water pelagic zones where it preys on other fishes. This species can reach a length of 93 centimetres (37 in) TL and the greatest reported weight of this species is 8.3 kilograms (18 lb). It is a commercially important species and is also popular as a game fish.
 Orectogyrus is a genus of beetles in the family Gyrinidae containing the following species: Orectogyrus albertianus Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus alluaudi Régimbart 1889 Orectogyrus angularis Régimbart 1891 Orectogyrus argenteovittatus Zimmermann 1920 Orectogyrus assimilis Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus aureovittatus Brinck 1956 Orectogyrus aureus Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus baguenai Ochs 1953 Orectogyrus barrosmachadoi Brinck 1951 Orectogyrus basilewskyi Guignot 1951 Orectogyrus bedeli Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus bicostatus (Boheman 1848) Orectogyrus buettikoferi Régimbart 1887 Orectogyrus burgeoni Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus camerunensis Ochs 1924 Orectogyrus capicolus Brinck 1955 Orectogyrus centralis Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus coerulescens (Dejean 1836) Orectogyrus collarti Ochs 1937 Orectogyrus conjugens Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus constrictus Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus convexus Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus coptogynus Régimbart 1906 Orectogyrus costatus (Aubé 1838) Orectogyrus cuprifer Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus curvipes Ochs 1947 Orectogyrus cyanicollis (Dejean 1836) Orectogyrus cyanipterus Guignot 1947 Orectogyrus dahomeensis Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus decorsei Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus dedalus Guignot 1952 Orectogyrus demeryi Régimbart 1891 Orectogyrus dimidiatus (Laporte de Castelnau 1835) Orectogyrus discors Régimbart 1891 Orectogyrus dorsiger Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus dunkeli Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus elongatus Régimbart 1886 Orectogyrus endroedyi Ochs 1967 Orectogyrus erosus Régimbart 1906 Orectogyrus escherichi Ochs 1924 Orectogyrus eversor Brinck 1956 Orectogyrus familiaris Ochs 1947 Orectogyrus favareli Guignot 1942 Orectogyrus feminalis Régimbart 1906 Orectogyrus ferranti Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus fluviatilis Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus formosus Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus furcatus Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus fusciventris Régimbart 1895 Orectogyrus gigas Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus glaucus Klug in Ehrenberg 1834 Orectogyrus grandis Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus grisescens Fairmaire 1899 Orectogyrus guignoti Ochs 1947 Orectogyrus hancocki Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus hastatus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus hawashensis Omer-Cooper 1930 Orectogyrus heros Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus imitans Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus interstitialis Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus jucundus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus kasikiensis Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus kaszabi Ochs 1967 Orectogyrus kelleni Régimbart 1889 Orectogyrus kutteri Ochs 1967 Orectogyrus lanceolatus Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus laticostis Régimbart 1906 Orectogyrus latiusculus Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus leroyi Régimbart 1886 Orectogyrus lionotus Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus longilabris Régimbart 1895 Orectogyrus longitaris Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus luayensis Ochs 1937 Orectogyrus lujai Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus lunai Brinck 1958 Orectogyrus luteolus Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus madagascariensis (Dejean 1836) Orectogyrus manensis Guignot 1938 Orectogyrus masculinus Régimbart 1902 Orectogyrus mesochlorus Guignot 1952 Orectogyrus milliaui Ochs 1937 Orectogyrus mirabilis Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus mocquerysi Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus monardi Guignot 1941 Orectogyrus nairobiensis Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus nanus Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus neumanni Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus noctuabundus Brinck 1951 Orectogyrus oberthueri Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus obscurus Ochs 1947 Orectogyrus ochsi Guignot 1938 Orectogyrus orectochilinus Ochs 1925 Orectogyrus orientalis Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus ornaticollis Aubé 1838 Orectogyrus oscari Apetz 1854 Orectogyrus oscaris Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus overlaeti Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus pallidiventris Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus pallidocinctus (Fairmaire 1880) Orectogyrus pamelae Brinck 1960 Orectogyrus paradoxus Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus patromimus Ochs 1929 Orectogyrus peridines Guignot 1955 Orectogyrus perrieri Fairmaire 1899 Orectogyrus petrinus Brinck 1960 Orectogyrus pictimanus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus polli Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus posticalis Ochs 1930 Orectogyrus potamophilus Guignot 1955 Orectogyrus probus Brinck 1956 Orectogyrus prolongatus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus pulcherrimus Zimmermann 1916 Orectogyrus purpureus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus rhodesianus Ochs 1933 Orectogyrus riggenbachi Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus robustus Ochs 1925 Orectogyrus rotundatus Ochs 1934 Orectogyrus rugulifer Régimbart 1906 Orectogyrus rugulosus Régimbart 1907 Orectogyrus rustibus Brinck 1956 Orectogyrus ruwenzoricus Alwarth 1921 Orectogyrus schistaceus (Gerstaecker 1866) Orectogyrus schoenherri (Dejean 1833) Orectogyrus schubotzi Alwarth 1921 Orectogyrus schultzei Zimmermann 1920 Orectogyrus semisericeus Gestro 1881 Orectogyrus semivillosus (Dejean 1821) Orectogyrus sericeus (Klug in Ehrenberg 1834) Orectogyrus sexualis Régimbart 1891 Orectogyrus simulans Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus sjoestedti Régimbart 1902 Orectogyrus socius Ochs 1943 Orectogyrus specularis (Dejean 1833) Orectogyrus speculum (Aubé 1838) Orectogyrus spinifer Franciscolo 1986 Orectogyrus strigicollis Guignot 1952 Orectogyrus subseriatus Régimbart 1886 Orectogyrus tavetensis Régimbart 1906 Orectogyrus trilobatus Régimbart 1884 Orectogyrus uellensis Ochs 1928 Orectogyrus vagus Guignot 1938 Orectogyrus vanstraeleni Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus vedyi Ochs 1937 Orectogyrus venustulus Ochs 1933 Orectogyrus vermiculatus Ochs 1952 Orectogyrus vestitus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus vicinus Régimbart 1892 Orectogyrus virescens Guignot 1953 Orectogyrus walterrossii Franciscolo & Sanfilippo 1986 Orectogyrus witteanus Ochs 1938 Orectogyrus zimmermanni Ochs 1925↑
 Mantidactylus madinika is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests intermittent freshwater marshes and plantations .
 Mussidia physostigmatis is a species of snout moths in the genus Mussidia. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and is known from Nigeria.
 Neomordellistena palpalis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Ermisch.
 Machacha Opal (Chrysoritis pelion) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family found only in South Africa.The wingspan is 20–24 mm for males and 22–30 mm for females. Flight period has several broods from October to March.
 Maculonaclia minuscula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1973. It is found in Madagascar.
 Malagascoderes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Malagascoderes goudotti (Thomson 1878) Malagascoderes scriptus (Thery 1937)↑
 Ceralocyna variegata is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Napp in 1999.
 Timia kerzhneri is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 The golden volute Iredalina mirabilis is a species of rare large deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae the volutes.This is the only species in the genus; in other words Iredalina is a monotypic genus.
 Paralithosia shaowuica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1954. It is found in China (Fukien).
 Notophyson buckleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Ecuador.
 Mordellistena divergens is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1952 by Ermisch.
 The Cinereous Antshrike (Thamnomanes caesius) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. The term cinereous describes its colouration. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ernassa ignata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Cannatella's plump toad (Osornophryne talipes) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xenormicola prouti is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Pleurotomella porcellana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Xylota jakutorum is a European species of hoverfly.
 Uropterygius versutus is a moray eel found in the eastern Pacific ocean from Mexico to Panama. It is commonly known as the Two-holes moray or the Crafty moray. It dwells on sand and between rocks on ocean floors.
 Banhadoa is a genus of moths belonging to Tortricidae family.
 Tritonia exsulans is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Muricodrupa fiscella common name : the little basket drupe is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Hooded Visorbearer Colibri Lumachelle or ColibrÍ Lumaquela (Augastes lumachella) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found only in Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Globidrillia strohbeeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Crenatosipho beaglensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinulidae.
 The pencil cardinalfish Epigonus denticulatus is a species of deepwater cardinalfish found around the world at depths of 130 to 830 m (430 to 2720 ft). This fish can reach up to 20 cm (7.9 in) in TL.The pencil cardinalfish and the bulls-eye are very similar except the former has seven spines in the first dorsal fin whereas the latter has eight.
 Coris tominiensis known commonly as the Tomini surgeonfish among other vernacular names is a species of marine fish in the family Acanthuridae.The Tomini surgeonfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region from Indonesia to the Tonga Islands.The Tomini surgeonfish is a small size fish and can reach a maximum size of 16 cm length.It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.
 Melittia congoana is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Phostria is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ecsenius alleni known commonly as the Allen's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.It is found in coral reefs in the eastern Indian ocean specifically in western Australia. It can reach a maximum length of 3.4 centimetres. The blennies feed primarily off of plants and algae.
 Dysauxes famula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Freyer in 1836. It is found in the Transcaspian Oblast the Caucasus Iran Asia Minor Palestinian Territories France Switzerland Italy the Balkan Peninsula Ukraine as well as on Corsica Sicily Crete and Cyprus.
 Hyperlioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod included in the ammonitid family Graphoceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage of the Middle Jurassic. The type species is Hyperlioceras discites (Waagen 18567)
 The Large Nutmeg (Apamea anceps) is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Urophora cardui or the Canada thistle gall fly is a fruit fly which contrary to its common name is indigenous to Central Europe from the United Kingdom east to near the Crimea and from Sweden south to the Mediterranean.
 Phoxinellus dalmaticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Croatia.Its natural habitats are rivers and inland karsts.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mantidactylus noralottae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The species is endemic to Madagascar.
 The Crambidae are the grass moth family of Lepidoptera (butterflies and moths). They are quite variable in appearance the nominal subfamily Crambinae (grass moths) taking up closely folded postures on grass stems where they are inconspicuous while other subfamilies include brightly coloured and patterned insects which rest in wing-spread attitudes.In many classifications the Crambidae have been treated as a subfamily of the Pyralidae or snout-moths.
 Obliquaria reflexa common name the Threehorn wartyback or three-horn wartyback is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Ochrodion quadrimaculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Black-faced Grosbeak (Caryothraustes poliogaster) is a large seed-eating bird in the cardinal family which is a resident breeding species from southeastern Mexico to eastern Panama.The adult Black-faced Grosbeak is 16.5 cm long weighs 36 g and has a heavy mainly black bill. It has a black face yellow head neck and breast and olive back wings and tail. The rump and belly are grey. Immatures are duller and have duskier face markings.
 Costoanachis valae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 The Least yellow bat (Rhogeessa mira) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only in Mexico.
 Isanthrene pentagona is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1898. It is found in Peru.
 The Blue Ridge Dusky Salamander (Desmognathus orestes) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to the United States.Its natural habitats are temperate forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater springs and rocky areas. Its eggs are laid under logs or rocks.It is threatened by habitat loss.These salamanders are medium-sized.They mate early summer through fall. Their eggs are laid under logs or rocks.
 Grammostola actaeon is a New World spider also known as the Brazilian Redrump or the Brazilian Wooly Black. It is commonly found in southern Brazil and parts of Uruguay and is remarkably similar to Grammostola gigantea and Grammostola iheringi. It was first identified in 1903 by British zoologist R.I Pocock.
 Equatorius is an extinct primate genus of Kenyapithecus identified as a result of a skeleton found in central Kenya at the Tugen Hills. Thirty eight large teeth belonging to the middle Miocene hominid in addition to a mandibular and partially complete skeleton dated 15.58 Ma and 15.36 Ma. were later found.
 Eleutherodactylus philipi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Corythoxestis cyanolampra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Burchellia bubalina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an extremely long narrow irregularly contorted purely epidermal gallery on upperside of leaf.
 Mpanjaka elegans is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in Central Madagascar.The wings are white speckled with black scales particularly upon the basal third that is limited by a brown stripe. It wears a zig-zagged pale black post-median line. The head is whity-brown and the palpi black. The antennae are white black speckles with brown pectinations.The male of this species has a wingspan of 51 mm. It was described by a specimen from Ankafana central Madagascar.
 The Common Grackle (Quiscalus quiscula) is a large icterid which is found in large numbers through much of North America.
 Siagonyx is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Siagonyx amplipennis Macleay 1871 Siagonyx blackburni Sloane 1916 Siagonyx mastersii Macleay 1871↑
 Allotinus paetus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by de Nicéville in 1895. It is found on Sumatra.
 Synodontis lucipinnis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Zambian waters of Lake Tanganyika. This species grows to a length of 3.5 inches (8.9 cm) SL. This fish is commonly mislabeled as Synodontis petricola in many fish shops. In aquariums this species requires at least 20 gallons for a group.
 Melangyna ericarum is a European species of hoverfly.
 Hybos culiciformis common name Dance Fly is a species of flies belonging to the family hybotid.
 Limnaecia orthochroa is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Maram (February 10 2006 – September 6 2012 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2008 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf.In 2009 Maram won the John Hettinger Stakes at Saratoga Race Course.Maram was euthanized on September 6 2012 after an acute illness. She left behind her first foal a 2012 colt by Giant's Causeway. She was in foal to Elusive Quality at the time of her death.
 The giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla) also known as the ant bear is a large insectivorous mammal native to Central and South America. It is one of four living species of anteaters and is classified with sloths in the order Pilosa. This species is mostly terrestrial in contrast to other living anteaters and sloths which are arboreal or semiarboreal.
 The genus Neptis established by Hübner in 1819 is invalid; see Vila (butterfly).Neptis is a large genus of butterflies of Old World tropics subtropics. They are commonly called sailer butterflies or sailers or more precisely typical sailers to distinguish them from the related blue sailer (Pseudoneptis).
 Simochromis pleurospilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known to occur in rock rubble areas in the southwestern portion of the lake. It can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Bellator militaris the horned searobin is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of from 40 to 110 metres (130 to 360 ft). This fish reaches a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) TL.
 Itamus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Itamus castaneus Schmidt-Goebel 1846 Itamus cavicola (Moore 1978) Itamus dentatus Andrewes 1919 Itamus kaszabi Jedlicka 1968↑
 Bryophilina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aphodius rufipes the night-flying dung beetle is a species of scarab beetle first recorded by the zoologist Carl Linnaeus as Acrossus rufipes in his 10th edition of Systema Naturae.
 Synodontis congica is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the upper and middle Congo Basin. This species grows to a length of 20.2 centimetres (8.0 in) TL.
 Stictane ciliata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests and disturbed coastal forests.The length of the forewings is 6 mm for males and 5 mm for females. The forewings are uniform grey.
 The Siberian Brown (Triphysa phryne) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from southern Ukraine to the Altai. The habitat consists of steppe and semi-deserts.The wingspan is 30-38 mm. Adults are on wing from April or May to July or from June to July in the mountains.The larvae feed on Stipa species. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 Mirabilistrombus listeri common name the Lister's conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Hypocosmia definitalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypocosmia. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Venezuela.
 The Wrybill or Ngutuparore (Māori) Anarhynchus frontalis is a species of plover endemic to New Zealand. It is unique in that it is the only species of bird in the world with a beak that is bent sideways (always to the right).It lays its eggs among the rocks along rivers and distracts intruders by pretending to be in distress and moving away from its nest.
 Nematopogon metaxella is a moth of the Adelidae family. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed in a case among detritus and leaf-litter on the ground.
 Oxyeleotris fimbriata the Fimbriate gudgeon is a species of sleeper goby native to the fresh waters of New Guinea and Australia. This species can reach a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) SL though most do not exceed 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Strepsirrhini or Strepsirhini (/ˌstrɛpsəˈraɪniː/; STREP-sə-RY-nee) is a suborder of primates that includes the lemuriform primates which consist of the lemurs of Madagascar galagos (bushbabies) and pottos from Africa and the lorises from India and southeast Asia.
 The Northern Pygmy Owl (Glaucidium gnoma) known as Northern Pygmy-Owl in North America is a small owl native to North and Central America.
 Salamandra is a genus of six species of salamanders localized in central and southern Europe Northern Africa and western Asia.
 Chrysochares asiaticus is a species of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family Eumolpinae
 Helcogramma microstigma is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Holleman in 2006.
 Paratrirhithrum nitidum is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Paratrirhithrum of the family Tephritidae.
 Conus mitraeformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mordellistena curtelineata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1927 by Píc.
 Galaxias globiceps is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family endemic to Chile.
 Secusio mania is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Uganda.
 The Lowoceratidae is a small family of discosorids early nautiloid cephalopods from the Middle Silurian in which the characteristic bullette is found only in early growth stages. Lowoceratids were first found in Southampton Island in the Canadian arctic. The Lowoceratidae consists so far of only two genera Lowoceras and Tuylocras named by Foerste and Savage in 1927 and combined by Flower in 1940 as the Lowoceratidae.
 Etheostoma coosae the Coosa darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States.
 Holcocera dominae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Boiga trigonata commonly known as the Indian gamma snake or common cat snake is a species of rear-fanged colubrid endemic to South Asia.
 Mimacraea charmian the Elongata Acraea Mimic is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon and the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.Adults mimic Bematistes elongata.
 Tony Bin (1983-2000) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in Europe for his Italian owner from a base in Milan and became a leading sire in Japan.
 Lyrodus is a genus of ship-worms marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae.
 Eleutherodactylus molybrignus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.
 Metacrocallis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Desbruyeresia marisindica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Scopula complanata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (Assam).
 Pseudonausibius is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Pseudonausibius africanus Halstead Pseudonausibius maximus Grouvelle↑
 Synodontis nummifer is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo. This species grows to a length of 20.5 centimetres (8.1 in) TL.
 Lindapterys is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Arafura Fantail (Rhipidura dryas) sometimes known as the Wood Fantail inhabits the Lesser Sunda Islands the northern coast of Australia from the Kimberley to the western side of the Cape York Peninsula including subcoastally in the Top End of the Northern Territory and southern New Guinea. It is similar to the Rufous Fantail from which it has been split taxonomically but apart from minor overlap in the eastern Moluccas their geographic ranges are discrete.
 Pseudopostega cretea is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is known from the eastern half of North America from southern Canada (including Ontario) south to northern Florida west to south-eastern British Columbia and Texas.The length of the forewings is 3.9–4.6 mm. Adults have been recorded from May to July (with one early August record) in the southern United States and from June to August across the northern part of its broad range.
 Leptochiloides is a small nearctic genus of potter wasps known from dry areas in South-Western North America. They have some structural similarities with members of the genus Pterocheilus including the pilose labial palpi.
 The Buff-throated Saltator (Saltator maximus) is a seedeating bird. Traditionally placed in the cardinal family (Cardinalidae) it actually seems to be closer to the tanagers (Thraupidae). It breeds from southeastern Mexico to western Ecuador and northeastern Brazil.This is the type species of Saltator.
 The Mansfield's Three-tailed Swallowtail (Bhutanitis mansfieldi) is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is endemic to China.
 Carposina lacerata is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.
 Crassispira fuscescens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Phania thoracica is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae. It is the type species of the genus Phania.
 Nebria cordicollis praegensis is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Seehalde Germany.
 Gloydius blomhoffii commonly known as the mamushi or Japanese mamushi is a venomous pitviper species found in China Japan and Korea. There are four subspecies including the nominate subspecies described here.This species and the Okinawan habu are the most venomous snakes in Japan. Every year 2000–3000 people in Japan are bitten by mamushi. Bite victims typically require one week of treatment in hospital. Severe bites require intensive care and approximately 10 victims die annually.
 Idalus brachystriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1912. It is found in Colombia.
 Globidrillia smirna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Dasymutilla occidentalis (red velvet ant or eastern velvet ant) is a species of parasitoid wasp native to the eastern United States. It is commonly mistaken for a member of the true ant family as the female is wingless. The species ranges from Connecticut to Missouri in the north and Florida to Texas in the south.
 Prochola euclina is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Melittiphis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Asymphorodes spodogramma is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Philanthus triangulum commonly known as the European beewolf or the bee-eating philanthus (from the now obsolete synonym Philanthus apivorus) is a solitary wasp that lives in Europe and Northern Africa. Although the adults of the species are herbivores (feeding on nectar and pollen) the species derives its name from the behavior of the inseminated females who hunt Western honey bees.
 Mitra idae common name Ida's miter is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters.
 The Asian Red-eyed Bulbul (Pycnonotus brunneus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Burma Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Spilarctia dinawa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in Papua and Papua New Guinea. The habitat consists of low and moderate altitudes.Adults are variable. The forewings can vary in colour from pale yellowish brown to almost chocolate brown.
 Olivella myrmecoon is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Euphaedra modesta the Modest Themis Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in north-western Guinea Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Deinbollia pinnata and Blighia sapida.
 Schacontia rasa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Mexico Cuba and the Dominican Republic.The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm. The medial area of the forewings is grey and unicolorous with the basal area and postmedial areas. The antemedial and postmedial lines are jagged and darker grey. The postmedial line on the hindwings is faint. The hindwings are outwardly tinged with bronze.
 Radinacra was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Athetis.
 The Dot-dash Sergeant (Athyma kanwa) is a species of brush-footed butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
 Tabulaephorus sesamitis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India and eastern Afghanistan.
 Phloeipsius fraudator is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae the only species in the genus Phloeipsius.
 Naevolus is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Paracles affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Callopistria latreillei Latreille's Latin is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in the Palaearctic ecozone most parts of Europe Asia and in Africa from Egypt to South Africa. The habitat consists of rocky limestone slopes with deciduous woodland.The wingspan is about 25 millimetres (0.98 in).
 Fulgurofusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae.
 Asterivora antigrapha is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. The head and thorax are dark fuscous irrorated with white. The antennae are dark fuscous dotted with white. The abdomen is dark fuscous with a series of white scales on the segmental margins. The dark fuscous forewings are suboblong moderate the costa gently arched the apex obtuse the termen nearly straight and oblique.
 The Flying Steamer Duck (Tachyeres patachonicus) is a steamer duck. It is the most widespread steamer duck resident in southern Chile and Argentina Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands. Its plumage is very similar to the other three steamer ducks. It is the only steamer duck which can fly and the only one to occur on inland fresh waters.
 Marasmarcha bonaespei is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Namibia and South Africa.
 Bhutanotrechus reflexicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Bhutanotrechus.
 Eucereon aroa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Mexico Guatemala and Venezuela.
 Neopleurotomoides callembryon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Corriebaatar is the type and only genus of Corriebaataridae a family of multituberculate mammals. It contains the single species Corriebaatar marywaltersae and represents the first evidence of Australian multituberculates Fossils date back to the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous.
 Paraleptamphopidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans containing three genera. Paraleptamphopus and Ringanui are both endemic to New Zealand but Rudolphia lives in Chile.
 Barbus musumbi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Parancistrus nudiventris is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Xingu River. This species grows to a length of 17.5 centimetres (6.9 in) SL.
 Elusa confusa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Warren in 1913 and is known from New Guinea.
 Pseudatteria maenas is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Molophilus is a very large genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Tachosa is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family. The species of this genus are found in Africa.
 Platypodia is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Platypodia alcocki Buitendijk 1941 Platypodia cristata (A. Milne Edwards 1865) Platypodia delli Takeda & Webber 2006 Platypodia eydouxi (A. Milne Edwards 1865) Platypodia foresti Serene 1984 Platypodia granulosa (Ruppell 1830) Platypodia morini (Ward 1942) Platypodia pseudogranulosa Serene 1984 Platypodia semigranosa (Heller 1861) Platypodia tomentosa (De Man 1902)↑
 The tundra shrew (Sorex tundrensis) is a small shrew found in Alaska the northern Yukon Territory the MacKenzie Delta region of the Northwest Territories extreme northwestern British Columbia and eastern Russia. At one time this animal was considered to be a subspecies of the Arctic Shrew (Sorex arcticus).It is dark brown on its back with pale brown sides and grey underparts. Its tail is brown on top and lighter brown below. Its fur grows longer for winter.
 Scopula quadratisparsa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo.
 Calyce sumatrensis is a species of beetle in the Calyce genus. It was discovered in 1989.
 Metriochroa pergulariae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Pergularia daemia and Pergularia extensa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a very long narrow irregularly contorted gallery on upperside of leaf.
 Munychryia periclyta is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It was described by Common and McFarland in 1970. It is found in Australia.
 Micronola zahirii is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in western Iran and western Azerbaijan. The wingspan is about 10.5 mm. The head patagia and anterior part of the thorax are grey brown. The posterior part of the thorax is light brown. The forewing ground colour (including fringes) is light brown and the crosslines are black brown. The hindwings are light brown.
 Mantidactylus enki is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest. They are known for their light greenish yellow skin.
 Placostylus hongii is a species of very large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bothriembryontidae.
 Fusinus sectus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Arietites is a genus of massive giant evolute psiloceratacean ammonites in the family Arietitidae in which whorls are subquadrate and transversely ribbed and low keels in tripicate separated by a pair of longitudinal grooves run along the venter. Fossils are known world wide from the lower Sinemurian stage of the Lower Jurassic. Similar genera include Megarietites in which the keels are reduced and Epammonites in which the ribs are more closely spaced.
 Maqaasid is a thoroughbred racehorse. She won the prestigious Queen Mary Stakes at Royal Ascot
 Xylostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Opistognathidae the jawfishes are a family of fishes classified within the order Perciformes suborder Percoidei. They are native to warmer parts of the Atlantic Pacific and Indian Oceans where found from the shallows to depths of a few hundred meters. The species level taxonomy is complex and the family includes several undescribed species.Physically similar to blennies most jawfish species are small fish (up to 10 cm or 3.9 in) with an elongated body plan.
 Griveaudia is a genus of moths of the Callidulidae family.
 Physalaemus centralis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Common name: Long-tailed rattlesnakeCrotalus stejnegeri is a venomous pit viper species found in western Mexico. No subspecies is currently recognized.
 Eupithecia anactoria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Coleophora discostriata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The wingspan is about 16 mm. Adults have white forewings with a conspicuous brownish fuscous streak. Adults have been recorded in July and August.The larvae feed on the leaves of Quercus species. They create a pistol case with a rounded excrescence on the underside.
 The dark kangaroo mouse (Microdipodops megacephalus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is found in California Idaho Nevada Oregon and Utah in the United States.
 Euchroea coelestis is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae.
 The Copper-rumped Hummingbird (Amazilia tobaci) sometimes placed in the genus Saucerottia is a small bird that breeds in Venezuela Trinidad and Tobago and has occurred as a vagrant on Grenada. It is a seasonal migrant in parts of Venezuela.This hummingbird inhabits open country gardens and cultivation. The female Copper-rumped Hummingbird lays its eggs in a tiny cup nest on a low branch or sometimes wires or clotheslines.
 Mordella tripartita is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 The Mountain Mouse-warbler (Crateroscelis robusta) is a species of bird in the Pardalotidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Washed-out Zale or Jack Pine False Looper (Zale metatoides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in barrens and pine woodlands from at least Wisconsin and probably Manitoba to Maine south to the mountains of Georgia. The range in the Gulf States is not certain.The wingspan is about 35 mm. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various hard pines including Jack pine Pitch pine and Red pine. They prefer young pine needles.
 Acrocercops cherimoliae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.The larvae feed on Annona cherimolia. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Crypsithyrodes concolorella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It has been recorded from Australia French Polynesia the Seychelles Fiji Hawaii Java Rennell Island the Caroline Islands and Malaya.On the Seychelles it is associated with the Seychelles sheath tailed bat (Coleura seychellensis).Larvae have been reared from oblong flat brown cases which were found in trash in the axils of the leaves of dead palm.
 The Mt. Oku Rat (Lamottemys okuensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Cameroon.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eudendrium deforme is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Chrostosoma lea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Guyana.
 Valvata is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Valvatidae the valve snails.
 Nubiothis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is not widely accepted.
 Acalyptris psammophricta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found from India westwards to Tunisia and northwards to Mongolia including Pakistan Iran the United Arab Emirates Israel and Libya.The habitat consists of deserts and coastal dunes.The wingspan 4.9–6.9 mm for males and 5.1–6.4 mm for females.
 The serpentine leaf miner is the larva of a fly Liriomyza brassicae in the family Agromyzidae the leaf miner flies. It mines wild and cultivated plants such as cabbage broccoli cauliflower and Chinese broccoli.It is distributed in the Pacific Africa and the Americas.The life cycle of the fly is up to 21 days. It lays eggs in the leaf epidermis of host plants. Larvae hatch within four days. They are yellow or green and have three instars.
 Spragueia pantherula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Cuba.
 Mimoprora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rissoa sarsii is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Caloptilia crinotibialis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū Kyūshū).The wingspan is 16.2-16.8 mm.The larvae feed on Persea japonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Goniobranchus conchyliatus is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Pseudeboda is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The southern pig-tailed macaque (Macaca nemestrina) is a medium-sized Old World monkey.
 Urophora acompsa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Columbarium altocanalis is a pagoda shell a deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinellidae.
 Spilosoma pteridis the Brown Tiger Moth is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by H. Edwards in 1875. It is found in western Oregon and Washington British Columbia and northern Idaho. The habitat consists of wet forests west of the Cascades including coastal rainforests low elevation mixed hardwood-conifer forests as well as higher elevation conifer forests in the Cascades.The length of the forewings is 11-13 mm.
 Lepidurus is the larger of the two genera of tadpole shrimp. It contains the following species:Lepidurus apus (Linnaeus 1758)Lepidurus arcticus (Pallas 1793)Lepidurus batesoni Longhurst 1955Lepidurus bilobatus Packard 1883Lepidurus couesii Packard 1875Lepidurus cryptus D. C. Rogers 2001Lepidurus lemmoni Holmes 1894Lepidurus lynchi Linder 1952Lepidurus mongolicus Vekhoff 1992Lepidurus packardi Simon 1886↑
 Afrospilarctia lucida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Angola Ethiopia Kenya Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zimbabwe.
 The Junin Tapaculo (Scytalopus gettyae) is a Scytalopus tapaculo from Peru. It was discovered in 2008 and described as new species in 2013. It differs from other Scytalopus species by its song which consisting of a rapidly repeated series of ascending phrases. The species' epithet commemorates Caroline Marie Getty a granddaughter of J. Paul Getty and nature conservationist who works for the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation (NFWF).
 Cigaritis apelles the Rusty Bar is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda along the coast of Kenya and in Tanzania Malawi the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru and Lualaba) Mozambique and South Africa (KwaZulu-Natal). The habitat consists of savanna bordering forests.
 Sestra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. All species are endemic to New Zealand.
 Chlorogomphus iriomotensis is a species of dragonfly in family Cordulegastridae. It is endemic to Japan.
 Poecilasthena pisicolor is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia.
 Caloptilia ostracodes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tasmania.The larvae feed on Nothofagus cunninghami. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Bundelia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pectiniidae is a family of stony corals commonly known as chalice corals. Members of the family are mostly colonial but one species Echinomorpha nishihirai is solitary. The name is probably related to the comb-like appearance of the walls of the corallites which are tall thin and striated. Pectiniids are endemic to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.Pectiniids have a number of different forms but are basically laminar.
 The South African Shelduck or Cape Shelduck (Tadorna cana) is a species of shelduck a group of large goose-like birds which are part of the bird family Anatidae which also includes the swans geese and ducks.This is a 64 cm long bird which breeds in southern Africa mainly in Namibia and South Africa.
 The Salvin's Anetia (Anetia cubana) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Empoasca decedens is a species of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae. This species has a small slender body with a yellowish green coloration. Both males and females measure between 3.1 to 3.3 millimetres (0.12 to 0.13 in) in length.
 Triplophysa heyangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Laiphognathus longispinis the Crown spotty blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 5.1 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Hellinsia spermatias is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Brazil and Paraguay.The wingspan is 16-17 mm. The head is ochreous-brown but whitish between the antennae. These are whitish towards base with a dark line above. The thorax is ochreous-whitish tinged or sprinkled with brownish. The abdomen is ochreous-whitish with dorsal series of blackish dots on the segmental margins. The hindwings are grey. Adults are on wing from December to June.
 Calycophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It was described by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in 1830. The genus is found from Mexico Central America South America and the West Indies.
 Demolis albitegula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Bilinea bilineatissima is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from southern Sri Lanka.The species occurs in warm moist forested mountains. Adults have been found from February to November suggesting many generations per year.The wingspan is 13-15 mm. The forewing is long broad light grey and black. The upper part of the medial area is black in a triangular patch.
 The Lord Howe Woodhen (Gallirallus sylvestris) also known as the Lord Howe Island Woodhen or Lord Howe (Island) Rail is a flightless bird of the rail family (Rallidae). It is endemic to Lord Howe Island off the Australian coast. It is a small olive brown bird with a short tail and a downcurved bill.
 Phyllonorycter persimilis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū and Hokkaidō).The larvae feed on Quercus dentata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Nebria rubripes rousseleti is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to France.
 Cyanoramphus is a genus of parakeets native to New Zealand and islands of the southern Pacific Ocean. The New Zealand forms are often referred to as kākāriki. They are small to medium sized parakeets with long tails and predominately green plumage. Most species are forest species although several of the subantarctic species live in open grassland.
 The Donaldson Smith's Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser donaldsoni) is a species of bird in the Passeridae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya and Somalia.
 Hacelia is a genus of sea star. The type species of the genus Hacelia attenuata was described by John Edward Gray in 1840. It is found in the Mediterranean Sea.
 Daphnella arafurensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Rhinophis tricolorata is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Hoplolaimus columbus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Cheesmanomyia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Calendula Plume Moth (Platyptilia williamsii) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from western North America including California.The head and thorax have mixed ochreous-brown and whitish scales. The antennae are brown dotted above. The forewings are ochreous-brown with dark brown patches with white irroration forming a trace of transverse wavy lines and dotting the brown costa. The fringes are brownish grey with whitish bases containing brown and white scales.
 Pterothysanus is a genus of moths of the Callidulidae family.
 Catasigerpes margarethae is a species of praying mantis in the genus Catasigerpes in the order Mantodea.
 Charaxes ansorgei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sudan the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Rwanda Burundi Kenya Tanzania Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane forest on altitudes between 2000 and 3000 meters. The larvae feed on Bersama abyssinica abyssinica Bersama abyssinica englerana and Bersama paullinoides.
 Prodontria is a beetle genus in the family Scarabaeidae. Species include: Prodontria lewisi
 Tromina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eustomias jimcraddocki is a species of abyssal barbeled dragonfish of the family Stomiidae found in the western North Atlantic. Eustomias jimcraddocki can grow to a length of 14.33 centimetres (5.64 in) SL.
 Gymnothorax sokotrensis is a moray eel found in the western Indian Ocean around Yemen. It was first named by Kotthaus in 1968.
 The Satyr Pug (Eupithecia satyrata) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Ireland through northern and central Europe east to central Asia and North Africa. It is also present in North America.The wingspan is 18–24 mm. Adults are on wing from March to September. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on the flowers of a wide range of plants including Achillea Scabiosa Solidago Senecio and Erica tetralix.
 Endoclita hoenei is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from China.
 Henosepilachna vigintisexpunctata common name twentysix-spotted potato ladybird is a ladybird species.
 Cyclotorna is a genus of moths the sole one of family Cyclotornidae with five recognized species. The family is endemic to Australia. This family and the closely related Epipyropidae are unique among the Lepidoptera in that the larvae are ectoparasites the hosts in this case typically being leafhoppers sometimes scale insects.
 A tetra is one of several species of small freshwater fish from Africa Central America and South America belonging to the biological family Characidae and to its former subfamilies Alestidae (the African tetras) and Lebiasinidae. The Characidae are distinguished from other fish by the presence of a small adipose fin between the dorsal and caudal fins. Many of these such as the neon tetra (Paracheirodon innesi) are brightly colored and easy to keep in captivity.
 Aeneator comptus is a species of large sea snail a whelk a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Dolomedes aquaticus is a fishing spider that lives and hunts along the gravel banks of unforested New Zealand rivers. It prefers open riverbanks where it lives under rocks usually less than 5 metres from the river. Its colouring allows it to blend in with river stones. Normally nocturnal it sits and waits for its prey after dark and can survive for short periods under the water.
 Conquistador Cielo (March 20 1979–December 17 2002) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is best known for his performances as a three-year-old in 1982 when he won the Belmont Stakes and was voted United States Horse of the Year.
 Monotomopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Monotomidae containing the following species: Monotomopsis andrewesi Grouvelle 1908 Monotomopsis monotomoides Grouvelle 1896↑
 Frigidoalvania brychia is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Pilgrimage (1875–1897) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old she was only defeated once and won the Dewhurst Plate. She only raced three times as a three-year-old winning the 2000 Guineas and 1000 Guineas before finishing as the runner-up in the Oaks Stakes. After retiring from racing she became a successful broodmare foaling Oaks winner Canterbury Pilgrim and Derby winner Jeddah.
 Symmorium is an extinct genus of stethacanthid shark.
 The Hobomok Skipper (Poanes hobomok) is a North American butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 Balochititanops is an extinct genus of brontotheriid perissodactyl from late Early Eocene (Ypresian stage) deposits of Pakistan. Balochititanops is known from the holotype GSP-UM 6532 right maxilla with teeth from Kingri area Balochistan. Many referred materials are known and include cranial and postcranial remains. All specimens were collected from numerous localities in Balochistan and northwestern Frontier Province from the uppermost part of the Ghazij Formation.
 Canace actites is a European species of Canacidae.
 Stigmella gutlebiella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Laštuvka and Huemer in 2002. It is known from Golestan in Iran.It differs from related species by its distinct black androconial scales on the hindwing surface and by its characteristic male genitalia: broad gnathos with long distal processes uncus with conspicuous corners and valva with long distal process.
 Ceramida malacensis is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Phidippus pius is a species of jumping spider that is found in Central America and North America.
 Craugastor ranoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stigmella maculifera is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Diškus in 2003. It is known from the northern region of Oman.
 The samson fish (Seriola hippos) is a jack of the genus Seriola. It is found in the Indo-Pacific Oceans to eastern Northland in New Zealand. Its length is between 80 and 150 cm.
 Euphaedra alternus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Tayuva lilacina is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Rhomboptila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bothriechis supraciliaris or the blotched palm-pit viper is a species of snake in the Viperidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica. It is 50–60 cm (20–24 in) in length but can reach till 80 centimetres (31 in). Their body colour varies it can be either bluish-green reddish-brown or reddish-maroon but usually it is bright or moss-green. The body is also circular ovoid and rhomboid with irregular dorsal blotches that sometimes can go in crossbands.
 Zacompsia fulva is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Zacompsia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Angistorhinopsis is an extinct genus of altirostral (long-snouted) pseudopalatine phytosaur. It was named for its supposed resemblance to Angistorhinus by Friedrich von Huene in 1922.
 Lucanus mazama is a beetle of the family Lucanidae. Its common name is the Cottonwood Stag Beetle. It is considered scaraboid but is not necessarily confined to deserts. It is located primarily in the western and southwestern United States.
 Doraops zuloagai is the only species in the genus Doraops of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Doradidae. This species originates from and Lake Maracaibo basin as well as the Apon River Santa Ana River Catatumbo River Escalante River and Rio de Los Pajaros basins of Colombia and Venezuela. These fish prefer muddy backwaters and feed on insects worms small crabs and snails. They reach a length of 50.0 centimetres (19.7 in) SL and are a component of local commercial fisheries.
 Epilacydes unilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Gambia.
 Declan's Moon (foaled 2002 in Maryland) is a retired American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was the leading American two-year-old of 2004 a year in which he was undefeated. His subsequent career was retricted by injuries.
 Stygotantulus stocki is a species of crustacean living as an ectoparasite on harpacticoid copepods of the families Tisbidae and Canuellidae. It is the smallest arthropod in the world at a length of less than 0.1 millimetres (0.004 in). The specific epithet stocki commemorates Jan Hendrik Stock a Dutch carcinologist.
 Hyaleucerea leucosticta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Darapsa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Dichodontocis is a genus of tree-fungus beetle in the family Ciidae
 Edyma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Delphyodontos dacriformes was a prehistoric holocephalid fish from the early Carboniferous from the Bear Gulch Limestone Lagerstätte in Montana. Its fossils consist mainly of aborted fetuses or newly hatched young. Sharp teeth and fecal matter in the fossils suggests that Delphyodontos practiced intrauterine cannibalism like some modern sharks such as gray reef sharks.
 Silmaril (foaled March 31 2001 in Maryland is an American thoroughbred mare racehorse. She is sired by stakes winner Diamond who in turn was sired by leading North American sire Mr. Prospector. She was out of the mare Kattebuck whose sire was the 1985 United States Horse of the Year Spend A Buck.Silmaril raced a total of 36 times mostly in Maryland. She won sixteen races eleven of them stakes races.
 Chromodoris mandapamensis is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Parthenina is a genus of very small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae of the family Odostomiidae. The name Parthenia was created by Lowe in 1840 for the species in this group but had to be replaced since it was preoccupied by a name for a group of dipterans described by Roubineau-Desvoidy in 1830.
 Petalumaria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eoderaceratoceae Eoderocerataceae is a superfamily of true ammonites (suborder Ammonitina) from the Lower Jurassic comprising seven phylogenetically related families characterized in general by having ribbed evolute shells that commonly bear spines or tubercles. Adult shell size ranges from 2 or 3 cm to giants reaching 50 cm in such genera as Apoderoceras Epideroceras and Liparoceras.The earliest known eodoceroceratacean is the eoderoceratid genus Microderoceras.
 Sir Gaylord (February 12 1959 -1981) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who later became a successful sire.
 The rufous soft-furred spiny-rat (Diplomys labilis) is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.
 The Minahassa Masked Owl (Tyto inexspectata) also known as the Minahassa Barn Owl Sulawesi Owl or Sulawesi Golden Owl is an endemic barn owl living on Sulawesi Indonesia. The name is derived from the Minahassa Peninsula where it was first described as a breeding bird; however it is also known to live in north-central Sulawesi.The Minahassa Masked Owl has short wings with wingspan of 240–250 mm well suited to its habitat in deep forests.
 Leptothorax athabasca has been discovered and described by Buschinger A. & Schulz A. in 2008.
 Lobocla is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Ochrobapha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Ardeadoris poliahu is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Cantabrian Capercaillie (Tetrao urogallus cantabricus) is a subspecies of the Western Capercaillie in the grouse family Tetraonidae.
 Tothrix is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Saurorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Inquisitor exiguus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Trichopodus trichopterus the three spot gourami is a species of gourami native to southeastern Asia. This fish gets its name from the two spots along each side of its body in line with the eye considered the third spot. This species is of minor commercial importance as a food fish in its native range and is also farmed. It is also popular in the aquarium trade.
 Tiarodes is a genus of assassin bugs. Eighty-five species are known.
 Palaeoniscum is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Permian period of Europe and North America.Palaeoniscum had a torpedo-shaped body 30 centimetres (12 in) in length with a deeply forked caudal fin and tall dorsal fin indicating that it was a fast swimmer. It was probably an active predator feeding on other fresh water fish. Its sharp teeth could be replaced when lost a trait also seen in modern day sharks.
 Phricanthes eutrachys is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 Phyllonorycter stephanandrae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū).The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Stephanandra incisa. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The beech splendour beetle Agrilus viridis is a wood-boring beetle. It belongs to the jewel beetle family Buprestidae.Widely found in Europe the favourite food of its larvae is the wood of living trees — a number of deciduous tree species are parasitised but the favourite host plants are goat willow (Salix caprea) beech (Fagus) and birch (Betula). Occasionally it may become a pest in horticulture or forestry.
 Myrmosleichus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Aenigmina latimargo is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Tanzania.
 Pseudagrion newtoni is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is endemic to South Africa. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euphausia is the largest genus of krill and is placed in the family Euphausiidae. There are 31 species known in this genus including Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba) and ice krill (Euphausia crystallorophias) from the Southern Ocean and North Pacific krill (Euphausia pacifica) in the Pacific Ocean.
 Overskate (1975-1992) was a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion Hall of Fame racehorse. Sired by Nodouble out of the dam Overstate who was a descendant of the great sire Princequillo as well as Man o' War Overskate was foaled at his owner's farm in Port Elgin Ontario.A small but versatile horse Overskate raced successfully on grass and dirt racecourses and won major races on rain-soaked sloppy tracks.
 Eolabroides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Platymeris rhadamanthus the Red spot assassin bug is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae.
 Mirachelus corbis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Euleia inconspicua is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euleia of the family Tephritidae.
 Waterfowl hunting (also called wildfowling or waterfowl shooting in the UK) is the practice of hunting ducks geese or other waterfowl for food and sport. In many western countries commercial waterfowl hunting is prohibited and duck hunting is primarily an outdoor sporting activity.Many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat have overlapping or identical hunting seasons and are hunted using the same methods.
 Eugnosta erigeronana the Fleabane Cochylid Moth is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Texas and Oklahoma east to Florida north to North Carolina and west to Illinois.The wingspan is 11-13 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from February to October.The larvae are associated with fly (Cecidomyiidae) galls on Erigeron species.
 Cicindela lepida is a species of threatened tiger beetle. The species size is 9-11 millimeters the dorsal surface is white or cream the head and thorax are green or reddish and covered with white setae and the maculations are greatly expanded and leaves only small areas of white brown. The species natural habitat is in pure white to pale yellow dry sandy areas with sparse or no vegetation. It is commonly found on coastal shorelines or large lake shores.
 Murexsul mildredae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Xenorma pictifrons is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Syrnola floridana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Conus sculletti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Cerithiopsis acontium is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiopsidae. This species was described by the American malacologist William Healey Dall in 1889.
 The hairy-tailed bat (Lasiurus ebenus) is a bat species from South America. It is found in Brazil and also Mexico.
 Conopobathra gravissima is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India Indonesia (Java) Malaysia (Selangor) the Bismarck Archipelago Thailand South Africa Kenya Namibia and Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Bauhinia species including Bauhinia variegata. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Common names: Kenya mountain viper Kenya montane viper montane viper Hind's viper.Montatheris is a monotypic genus created for the venomous viper species M. hindii. This is a small terrestrial species endemic to Kenya. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Loboponera is a genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae with nine recognized species.
 Chamaepsichia cetonia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Eumasia is a small genus of the bagworm moth family Psychidae. Therein it belongs to the tribe Apteronini of the subfamily Oiketicinae.Species of Eumasia include: Eumasia brunella Hattenschwiler 1996 Eumasia muscella Saigusa & Sugimoto 2005 Eumasia parietariella (Heydenreich 1851) Eumasia viridilichenella Saigusa & Sugimoto 2005↑ ↑
 Perpolita hammonis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae. In modern sources usually classified in the genus Nesovitrea.
 Ethmia lichyi is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Central and South America including Venezuela Brazil Panama Honduras and Guatemala.The length of the forewings is 13.7-17.1 mm. The ground color of the forewings is white clouded with very pale gray except narrowly adjoining the blackish brown markings. The ground color of the hindwings is semitranslucent white becoming brownish at the apex.
 Amphiagrion is a genus of damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae. The males are bright red with some black; the females are duller. The genus is confined to North America.The genus contains the following species:Amphiagrion abbreviatum (Selys 1876) - Western Red DamselAmphiagrion saucium (Burmeister 1839) - Eastern Red Damsel↑ ↑
 Nassarius tritoniformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Ortalotrypeta macula is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Ortalotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Ancylocera is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ancylocera amplicornis Chemsak 1963 Ancylocera bicolor (Olivier 1795) Ancylocera bruchi Viana 1971 Ancylocera cardinalis (Dalman 1823) Ancylocera michelbacheri Chemsak 1963 Ancylocera nigella Gounelle 1913 Ancylocera sallei Buquet 1857 Ancylocera sergioi Monné & Napp 2001 Ancylocera spinula Monné & Napp 2001↑
 Phyllonorycter cerasinella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from all of Germany to the Iberian Peninsula the Alps and Albania and from France to Ukraine and Bulgaria.The larvae feed on Chamaespartium sagittale. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a very long strongly folded and inflated tentiform mine in the broad wings along the stem.
 The Sagebrush Sheep Moth or Hera Buckmoth (Hyalophora hera) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from southern Saskatchewan west to British Columbia south to Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is 71–93 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.The larvae of Hemileuca hera hera feed on Artemisia tridentata A. tripartita Lupinus and Eriogonum. The larvae of Hemileuca hera marcata feed on A. tridentata.
 Palacanthilhiopsis is a genus of very small or minute freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Ostrinia is a genus of moths in the Crambidae family. Several of them including the European Corn Borer are agricultural pests.
 MacConnell's Climbing Mouse Rhipidomys macconnelli is a nocturnal and arboreal rodent species from South America. It is found in Brazil Guyana and Venezuela where it inhabits rainforest at elevations from 300 to 2800 m.
 Haemateulia haematitis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Llanquihue Province Malleco Province Ñuble Province Osorno Province) and Argentina (Chubut Province Nuequén Province Río Negro Province).
 The Tristan rock lobster Jasus tristani is a species of rock lobster endemic to the Tristan da Cunha archipelago and Vema Seamount 1680 kilometres (1040 mi) north-east of Tristan. It is very closely related to J. paulensis and these two may represent a single species. The Tristan rock lobster features on the coat of arms and the flag of Tristan da Cunha.
 Leonardo is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Recilia clavata is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that can be found in Liberia and Congo.
 Aphelodoris greeni is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Dorididae.
 Copelatus baculiformis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1955.
 Olepa neumuthi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is endemic to the Indochinese region and was discovered in 2011 by the German entomologist Hans Helmuth Neumuth (1942-2013) and classified by the French entomologist Georges E.R.J. Orhant.The larvae only feed on Ricinus communis which is curious because this plants produces the natural insecticide ricin.
 Macleay's dorcopsis (Dorcopsulus macleayi) also known as the Papuan dorcopsis or the Papuan forest-wallaby is a species of marsupial in the Macropodidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stigmella spinosissimae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Great Britain and Ireland. It is also present in the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The larvae feed on Rosa pimpinellifolia and possibly other Rosa species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an early gallery which is relatively straight. The frass is concentrated in a linear line leaving clear narrow margins and not ending in a blotch.
 Entogonitidae is one of two families of the Nomismocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Crotalocephalus is a genus of trilobite that lived from the Late Silurian to the Early Devonian. Its remains have been found in Asia Australia Africa and Europe.
 The Phloeodictyidae are a family of sponges containing these genera: Calyx Vosmaer 1885 Oceanapia Norman 1869 Pachypellina Burton 1934 Siphonodictyon Bergquist 1965 Tabulocalyx Pulitzer-Finali 1993↑
 Heterhydrus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Heterhydrus adipatus Guignot 1952 Heterhydrus agaboides Fairmaire 1869 Heterhydrus ghanensis Wewalka 1980 Heterhydrus senegalensis (Laporte 1835) Heterhydrus sudanensis Zimmermann 1927↑
 The Frosted Dagger Moth (Acronicta hastulifera) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the north-eastern United States as far south as Virginia North Carolina South Carolina and Georgia.The larvae feed on alder birch poplar willow and other hardwood.
 Coiffaitarctia ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Surinam the Amazon region Peru and Bolivia.
 Manistique (foaled 1995 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Manistique had eleven career wins all of which came at racetracks in California.
 Eilema ratonis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Cobitis punctilineata is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family.It is found only in Greece.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Velvet Asity (Philepitta castanea) is a species of bird in the Philepittidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Boreotrophon cepula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Uranothauma frederikkae the Cameroon Branded Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of sub-montane forests at altitudes above 1300 meters.
 Abaciscus shaneae is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Holloway in 1993. It is known from Borneo.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Zygolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Orthoclostera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Paectes.
 Fort Marcy (April 2 1964 – 1991) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. His grandsire was the important Italian horse Nearco. In 1970 he earned three Champion titles. He was named Horse of the Year in a poll by the publishers of Daily Racing Form receiving 21 of the 42 votes ahead of Personality (10 votes) and Ta Wee (9 votes). Personality won a rival poll conducted by the Thoroughbred Racing Association.
 Terebra cinerea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Etesiolaus pinheyi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-eastern Tanzania.
 Insulamon is genus of freshwater crabs comprising four species:Insulamon unicorn Ng & Takeda 1992Insulamon palawanense Freitag 2012Insulamon magnum Freitag 2012Insulamon johannchristiani Freitag 2012↑
 Chauvetia pelorcei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Tessellota is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Fusus contabulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Deltobathra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Hippopotamus melitensis is an extinct hippopotamus that lived in Malta. It arrived after the Messinian salinity crisis[citation needed] and lived during the Pleistocene on Malta. The absence of predators led to the dwarfing of the hippos. The majority of findings of this species are known from the Għar Dalam a cave on Malta famous for its Pleistocene fossil deposits.
 Clavelina (little bottle) is genus of tunicates containing the following species:
 Chicoreus mergus common name the diver murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Brasiliothelphusa tapajoensis is a species of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae and the only species in the genus Brasiliothelphusa. It was described in 1986 from specimens caught in the Rio Tapajós in the state of Pará Brazil. It is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
 Macrotermes bellicosus is a species of Macrotermes. It is the largest termite known with queens measuring about 4.2 inches (110 mm) long workers about 1.4 in (36 mm) and soldiers are slightly larger. Bellicosus means combative in Latin. The species is a member of a genus indigenous to Africa and South-East Asia.
 Sapporia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The New Zealand flax snail or pupuharakeke scientific name Placostylus bollonsi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bothriembryontidae.This species is endemic to the Three Kings Islands group off the northern tip of New Zealand's North Island.
 Macroglossum ronja is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.
 Coptodisca ribesella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Braun in 1925. It is found in California.
 Nephele densoi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.The wingspan is 70–82 mm for males and 77–86 mm for females. The abdomen upperside has black patches. The forewing upperside has bands that are more conspicuous than in similar Nephele oenopion oenopion and not edged with white. The discal spot consists of several dots. The fist is rounded while the fourth forms a right angle the outer arm of which extends to dot two. The third is minute.
 Floracarus perrepae is a species of herbivorous mite belonging to the family Eriophyidae native to Queensland Australia. As it is known to attack and eat the invasive fern species Lygodium microphyllum it is being considered for use as a biological pest control agent in Florida.
 The Iowa darter (Etheostoma exile) is a species of freshwater fish in the perch family (Percidae) of order Perciformes. The Iowa darter along with about 17 other species of darters is native to the lakes and streams of Iowa.In some parts of its range the Iowa darter is also known as the weed darter red-sided darter or yellowbelly. The Iowa darter like many other darters are about 2-3 in (51–76 mm) in length and may be easily confused with other darters of similar color.
 Gibberula rachmaninovi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Hyperectis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Turbonilla macaensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Euchromius erum is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and Kenya.The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. The groundcolour of the forewings is creamy white densely suffused with ochreous to dark brown scales. The hindwings are light brown with a darkly bordered termen. Adults have been recorded in January February March and the beginning of April.
 Lysmata vittata is a species of shrimp native to the Indo-Pacific from East Africa to the Philippines Japan Australia and New Zealand.
 The Jamaican Vireo (Vireo modestus) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Corythoichthys haematopterus known commonly as the Messmate pipefish is a species of marine fish in the family Syngnathidae. The Messmate pipefish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific region from the eastern coast of Africa to the Vanuatu Islands. The Messmate pipefish is a small size fish and can reach a maximum size of 19.8 cm length. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade where it is commonly known as the Dragonfaced pipefish.
 Onchocercidae Chabaud& Anderson 1959 is a family of nematodes in the superfamily Filarioidea. This family includes some of the most devastating human parasitic diseases such as Lymphatic filariasis Onchocerciasis Loiasis and other filariases.
 Tritonoturris macandrewi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Rusty-winged Starling (Aplonis zelandica) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss arising from the deriving force of human overpopulation.
 Bellastraea rutidoloma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Walvisteuthis is a genus of squid consisting of a single species Walvisteuthis virilis. It is found in the southern Atlantic Ocean. Walvis (the Dutch word for whale) refers to the Walvis Ridge in the South Atlantic; virilis (Latin for male) was chosen because only one male specimen was ever caught.
 Eupithecia lithographata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Bucculatrix callistricha is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Ohio Kentucky Maine Wisconsin and Quebec.The wingspan is about 7 mm. The forewings are dark brown almost black with brilliant silvery marks. The hindwings are dark fuscous with a slight reddish tinge. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to May and from July to August.The larvae feed on Corylus americana and Corylus cornuta.
 The Puff-backed Bulbul (Pycnonotus eutilotus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Burma Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Collix patricia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Fiji.
 Cephonodes tamsi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Seychelles.It is very similar to Cephonodes trochilus but distinguishable by the reddish rather than brownish upperside of the abdomen and the white centres to the abdominal segments below. The upperside of the head thorax and wing bases are unicolorous green. The abdomen is uniformly reddish. The underside of the abdominal segments are medially white and laterally pale yellow separated by black.
 Carabus clathratus is a species of beetle widespread in the Palearctic. It is found in Europe and Asia north to the Polar Circle. It is mostly observed in Central Europe and Eastern Europe. It lives in humid areas such as marshes bogs and salt marshes.
 Admire Moon (アドマイヤムーン Adomaiya mūn) (February 23 2003 - ) is a Japanese racehorse who won the 2007 Dubai Duty Free Stakes Takarazuka Kinen and Japan Cup.
 The Javan elephant (Elephas maximus sondaicus) is an critically endangered subspecies of the Asian elephant native to the island of Java with the last surviving members found on the island of Borneo after they were introduced there saving the subspecies from extinction. It is often considered a synonym of Elephas maximus sumatranus the Sumatran elephant.
 Baird's tapir (Tapirus bairdii) is a species of tapir native to Central America and northern South America. It is one of four Latin American species of tapir.
 Nadagarodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mirificarma ulicinella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain France and Italy.The wingspan is 5.5-6.5 mm for males and 5–6 mm for females. The head is ochreous cream. The forewings are mottled dark and light brown with paler yellow-ochre areas. Adults are on wing from August to September in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Ulex parviflorus. They feed from within the flowers. Larvae can be found from October to April.
 Odostomia ziziphina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Aphids also known as plant lice and in Britain and the Commonwealth as greenflies blackflies or whiteflies (not to be confused with jumping plant lice or true whiteflies) are small sap-sucking insects and members of the superfamily Aphidoidea. Aphids are among the most destructive insect pests on cultivated plants in temperate regions.
 Pycnagorastis is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 The Emerald Shiner (Notropis atherinoides) is one of hundreds of small silvery slender fish species known as shiners. The identifying characteristic of the emerald shiner is the silvery emerald color on its sides. It can grow to 3.5 inches in length and is found across North America from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico commonly in large deep lakes and rivers though sometimes in smaller bodies of water as well.
 Capitites is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Onenses is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Auratonota clasmata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is glossy whitish suffused pale ochreous medially. The markings are yellowish brown. The hindwings are brownish.
 Zabrus validus is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
 Toxodera is a genus of mantids native to Malaysia.
 The Réunion Kestrel (Falco duboisi) is an extinct bird of prey which belongs to the falcon family. It inhabited the Mascarene island of Réunion and was part of the Western Indian Ocean radiation of kestrels.Known from subfossil bones and the writings of Dubois published in 1674 this bird was larger than its relative F. punctatus on Mauritius being about the size of a Common Kestrel or around 35 cm from head to tail with males being noticeably smaller than females.
 Etesiolaus catori the Small Green Sapphire or Cator’s Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Pachystela brevipes Manilkara and Synsepalum species.
 Ceromya silacea is a Palearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Contortipalpia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eotheroides is an extinct genus of Eocene sirenian. It is an early member of the family Dugongidae which includes the extant dugong. Fossils have been found from Egypt India and Madagascar. Eotheroides was first described by Richard Owen in 1875 under the name Eotherium which was replaced by the current name in 1899.Based on endocranial casts Eotheroiodes had a smaller endocranial volume than other contemporaneous sirenians such as Protosiren.
 The Simple Greenbul (Chlorocichla simplex) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Tuyunaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Achistrum is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Poland during the Triassic period and the United States during the Carboniferous period. It contains the species Achistrum nicholsoni and Achistrum ludwigi.
 Holoptygma sarahpelzae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Maxwellia santarosana common name the Santa Rosa murex is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the rock snails.
 The hairy-eared cerrado mouse Thalpomys lasiotis is a rodent species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Caeneressa sexpuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Anarchias exulatus is an eel in the family Muraenidae (moray eels). It was described by Joshua S. Reece David G. Smith and Erling Holm in 2010. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from the Hawaiian Islands Johnston Atoll Rapa Gambier Pitcairn Island and the Tonga Islands. It is an uncommon species which dwells in coral reefs and rocky regions near shores and has been reported at a depth of 12 metres.
 The yellow hornet (Vespa simillima) including the subspecies known as the Japanese hornet or Japanese yellow hornet (Vespa simillima xanthoptera) (キイロスズメバチ) is a common hornet species in the Eastern Hemisphere. It should not be confused with the Asian giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia) whose subspecies V. m. japonica is sometimes referred to as the Japanese giant hornet.
 The Darksided Cutworm or Reaper Dart (Euxoa messoria) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland west to Yukon south to Virginia and Missouri in the east and New Mexico Arizona and California in the west.The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of apple cultivated vegetables and flowers as well as various other plants.
 Pterynotus patagiatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ankasocris is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family containing only one species Ankasocris striatus. It is known from Madagascar.
 Wolterstorffina chirioi is a species of toad. It is listed as a critical endangered species due to a restricted range caused by habitat loss.
 Sabatinca is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the insect order Lepidoptera within the family Micropterigidae. Palaeomicra and Micropardalis were both established as subgenera of Sabatinca but were both raised to generic level by Minet in 1985.
 Coleophora dextrella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia and North Carolina.The larvae feed on the seeds of Symphyotrichum cordifolium Symphyotrichum lateriflorum and Symphyotrichum novi-belgii. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Papyridea is a genus of molluscs in the family Cardiidae.
 Botyodes diniasalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands as well as in Taiwan China Japan and Russia. It has also been recorded from South Africa and the Himalaya.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are yellow rather slender and white beneath. The wings have brownish lines and the forewings have ferruginous marginal band and brown marks. The hindwings are ferruginous at the tips.The larvae are a poplar leaf pest.
 Lyonetia penthesilea is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Australia.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Lambdina vitraria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Arizona and Utah.The larva feed on Quercus species including Quercus gambelii.
 Hyposmocoma neckerensis is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Necker Island and Gardner Island.
 Myrmarachne plataleoides also called the Kerengga Ant-like Jumper is a jumping spider that mimics the Kerengga or weaver ant (Oecophylla smaragdina) in morphology and behaviour. This species is found in India Sri Lanka China and many parts of Southeast Asia.Unlike the weaver ants M. plataleoides does not bite people and indeed seems rather timid.
 Setia lidyae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Pseudaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Anthene villosa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Sulawesi the Talaud Islands and the Sangir Archipelago.
 Gibberula mandyi is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Conus pauperculus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Dysmerus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Dysmerus basalis Casey Dysmerus caseyi Grouvelle↑
 Bolbolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobites fossil marine arthropods with five species attributed to it currently. It can be easily distinguished from all other trilobites by the combination of the absence of dorsal sutures in the head shield like all Olenellina (which in all other trilobite suborders assist in moulding by splitting open) and a distinctly bulbous frontal lobe (L4) of the raised axial area in the head (or cephalon) called glabella.
 Burying beetles or sexton beetles (genus Nicrophorus) are the best-known members of the family Silphidae (carrion beetles). Most of these beetles are black with red markings on the elytra (forewings). Burying beetles are true to their name- they bury the carcasses of small vertebrates such as birds and rodents as a food source for their larvae.
 Coenobita rugosus is a species of land hermit crab native to Australia and the east African coast to the south west Pacific.C. rugosus has four walking legs a small pincer a large pincer and antennae. When threatened C. rugosus is able to make a 'chirping' sound by rubbing its large pincer against its shell as a stridatory apparatus.C.
 The sherwood dogfish Scymnodalatias sherwoodi is a very rare sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae found only around New Zealand. The only specimen studied was about 80 cm long.The sherwood dogfish is ovoviviparous.
 Sparganothoides castanea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.The length of the forewings is about 14.1 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is reddish brown basally and apically and brownish orange mesally. The hindwings are dark grey.
 Cyprinus hyperdorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus.
 Charitodoron agulhasensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Aporrhaidae common name pelican's foot snails is a taxonomic family of sea snails. The taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005 categorizes Aporrhaidae as marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.Aporrhaidae are commercially important especially in traditional fisheries.
 Halysidota triphylia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama.
 Mesodica is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Eupithecia dealbata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Laculataria is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Promecognathinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae.
 Pleurotomella orariana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Ramu rainbowfish (Glossolepis ramuensis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Junonia is a genus of nymphalid butterflies described by Jacob Hübner in 1819. They are commonly known as Buckeyes Pansies or Commodores. This genus flies on every continent except Antarctica. The genus contains about 30–35 species.
 Street Sense (foaled February 23 2004 in Kentucky at Chesapeake Farm) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Colt (2006) and winner of the 2007 Kentucky Derby and the 2007 Travers Stakes. He was also the runner up in the 2007 Preakness Stakes by a head. Owned and bred by James B. Tafel Street Sense is out of Bedazzle a granddaughter of Northern Dancer and his sire is 2002 Dubai World Cup winner Street Cry.
 Ovenna simulans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1878. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa.
 Cookeconcha contorta is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.
 Not to be confused with horsefly.The housefly (also house fly house-fly or common housefly) Musca domestica is a fly of the suborder Cyclorrhapha. It is the most common of all domestic flies accounting for about 91% of all flies in human habitations and indeed one of the most widely distributed insects found all over the world. It is considered a pest that can carry serious diseases.
 Philbertia alba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.
 Dorosoma is a genus of gizzard shads fish of the herring family Clupeidae. The five species are native to the New World and are known from both freshwater and the waters of estuaries and bays.
 Luke McLuke (1911– circa 1929) was a bay Thoroughbred stallion born in the United States who won the 1914 Belmont Stakes as well as the Carlton Stakes Kentucky Handicap and Grainger Memorial Handicap among his four wins from six starts. After his racing career was over he became a breeding stallion where he sired 11 stakes winners. Two of his daughters were named as year end Champions in the United States.
 Colias felderi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Tibet and China.
 Sciades is a genus of sea catfishes mostly found along the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea coasts of Central and South America. One species S. dowii occurs on the Pacific side from Panama to Ecuador another S. paucus is a freshwater form found in Australia while S. sona is a widespread species found along the Indian Ocean coasts of South Asia east into the Pacific to Polynesia. There are currently eight described species in this genus.
 Caloptilia fidella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Germany to Italy and Macedonia and from France to Russia and Ukraine.The larvae feed on Celtis australis and Humulus lupulus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small triangular full depth blotch mine in a vein axle. Part of the frass is ejected and the remainder lies scattered in the mine. Older larvae live freely under a rolled leaf margin.
 Typhina latipennis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Typhlogarra widdowsoni the Iraq blind barb is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Iraq where it is found in caves. It is the only species in its genus.
 Mimacraea fulvaria is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of dense forests.Adults mimic Acraea aurivillii.The larvae feed on algae growing on tree trunks.
 The Striped Woodhaunter (Hyloctistes subulatus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is the only member of the genus Hyloctistes.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Nicaragua Panama Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Nebria alpicola is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Gymnoclytia paulista is a North American species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnoclytia of the family Tachinidae.
 The Planalto Tapaculo (Scytalopus pachecoi) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Scytalopus a genus of tapaculos. It was previously included in the Mouse-coloured Tapaculo (S. speluncae) but was described as a new species in 2005 based on differences in plumage and vocalizations.It is about 12 cm long and weighs around 15 grams. The upperparts are mainly dark grey the underparts are paler grey. The flanks are buff with dark bars.
 Peristernia zealandica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Craugastor uno is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Discordia evulsa is a species of snout moths in the genus Discordia. It was described by Swinhoe in 1885. It is found in India.
 Megabalanus stultus is a species of barnacle first described by Charles Darwin in 1854. It lives on fire corals of the genus Millepora in the Atlantic Ocean from Florida to southern Brazil.
 Eresiomera mapongwa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 The Banded Marquis Bassarona teuta is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Himalayas.
 Tanaotrichia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Cethosia commonly called the lacewings is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae. They are found mainly in southeastern Asia as far south as Australia.
 Cobitis maroccana is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family.
 Charitosaurus is an extinct genus of pachypleurosaur.
 Charaxes galawadiwosi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ethiopia. The habitat consists of thornbush savanna.The larvae feed on Albizia species.
 Eudendrium caraiuru is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Agriphila indivisellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Crete and in North Africa.
 Hypatopa actes is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 4.5 mm. The forewings are pale brownish orange intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 Clarkeulia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Dorsetensia is a narrowly coiled discoidal ammonite from the early Middle Jurassic middle Bajocian belonging to the family Sonniniidae of either the superfamily Hammatoceratoidea or Hildoceratoidea. The inner whorls are ribbed or smooth outer whorl is smooth. The outer rim (venter) is narrow with a keel running along the middle. The umbilicus the opening in the middle of the shell exposing inner whorls is of moderate size with a sharp sometimes undercut edge.
 Depressaria deverrella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France.The wingspan is 15–19 mm.The larvae feed on the flowers of Deverra scoparia and Deverra tortuosa.
 Lophotidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pantanodon sp. nov. 'Manombo' is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are rivers and swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Synodontis voltae is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Burkina Faso where it is found in the Bougouriba River. This species grows to a length of 14.7 centimetres (5.8 in) TL.
 Sydaphera christiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Thecacera pennigera common name the winged thecacera is a species of sea slug a nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.
 The Red-breasted Paradise-kingfisher or Fairy Paradise Kingfisher (Tanysiptera nympha) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Darkflank pipefish (Syngnathus taenionotus) is a pipefish species inhabits the north-western Adriatic. Marine / brackishwater demersal ovoviviparous fish up to 19.0 cm length. Found mostly amongst detritus or vegetation on the shallow-muddy bottom.
 Zebrias is a genus of soles native to the Indian and western Pacific oceans.
 Apatemyidae is an extinct family of placental mammals that took part in the first placental evolutionary radiation together with other early mammals such as the leptictids.Common in North America during the Paleocene they are also represented in Europe by the genus Jepsenella.
 Bittium circa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Locheutis vagata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1916. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Purple-throated Woodstar (Calliphlox mitchellii) is a species of hummingbird and it is one of the four Calliphlox genera the woodstars. The species is found in Colombia and Ecuador and a minor localized population in Panama 600 km from its main species distribution.
 Ethmia maculifera is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Japan and Taiwan.The wingspan is 20–22 mm. The forewings are overlaid with black markings on a whitish grey background. The hindwings are grey without costal brushes.The larvae feed on Ehretia dicksonii.
 Pseudatemelia detrimentella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1859. It is found in Spain and Portugal.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 The Common Tiger Blue Pointed Pierrot or African Pierrot (Tarucus theophrastus) is a small butterfly found in the Old World tropics. It belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.This is the type species of the genus Tarucus.
 Paraplatyptilia lineata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Russia (Ural mountains).The wingspan is 21–23 millimetres (0.83–0.91 in). The forewings and hindwings are greyish-brown.
 The greater fairy armadillo (Calyptophractus retusus) also known as Burmeister's armadillo or the Chacoan fairy armadillo is a species of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae. It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is the only species in the genus Calyptophractus.
 The short-nosed bandicoots (genus Isoodon) are members of the order Peramelemorphia. They can be found in Queensland New South Wales Victoria and in Albany Western Australia.[citation needed]
 Rhamphomyia simplex is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It has a limited distribution. It is known from Ireland east to Germany and from Sweden Finland and north-west Russia.
 Trichaetoides divisura is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo and Sumatra.
 Vexillum innotabile is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Tinoderus singularis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Tinoderus.
 The keeled box turtle (Cuora mouhotii syn. Pyxidea mouhotii) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae. It is native to Asia where it occurs in China India Laos Burma Vietnam Thailand and Bhutan. Other common names include keel-backed terrapin and jagged-shelled turtle.
 Hippoglossina is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the coastal waters of the Americas.
 Aphelenchoides besseyi is a plant pathogenic nematode. It is sometimes referred to as rice white tip spring dwarf strawberry bud or strawberry crimp disease nematode. This foliar nematode is found in Africa North Central and South America Asia Eastern Europe and Pacific Islands
 The Purple-headed Starling (Lamprotornis purpureiceps) also known as the Purple-headed Glossy-starling is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.
 Synodontis tessmanni is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it is only known from the Ntem River. This species grows to a length of 18.6 centimetres (7.3 in) TL.
 Amyipunga is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Amyipunga armaticollis (Zajciw 1964) Amyipunga barbarae Schmid 2011 Amyipunga canescens (Martins & Galileo 2005) Amyipunga moritzii (Thomson 1860)↑
 Platyptilia strictiformis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo Tanzania and Uganda.
 The brown mouse lemur (Microcebus rufus) is a small primate and like the other mouse lemurs can only be found on the island of Madagascar. They are known also as the rufous mouse lemur eastern rufous mouse lemur red mouse lemur or russet mouse lemur.
 Oficanthon is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Sukidion is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It contains only one species Sukidion inores which is found on Borneo.
 Pediasia hispanica is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Portugal and Spain.The length of the forewings is about 12 mm. The forewings are dark brown with faint veins. The hindwings are light grey with a white base.
 Endoclita crenilimbata is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from China.
 The Imperial Pheasant Lophura × imperialis is a dark blue medium-sized up to 75 cm long pheasant with bare red facial skin blue crest crimson legs and glossy plumage. Female is brown with erectile short feather crest blackish tail and primaries.The Imperial Pheasant is found in the forests of Vietnam and Laos. Its appearance resembles another Vietnam's enigmatic bird the Vietnamese Pheasant but is larger in size has longer tail all dark blue crest and tail feathers.
 Predatoroonops is a genus of goblin spiders endemic to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. The genus is characterized by the extremely modified male chelicerae and long pairs of ventral spines.
 The Atlantic stingray (Dasyatis sabina) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae common along the Atlantic coast of North America from Chesapeake Bay to Mexico including brackish and freshwater habitats. It may be distinguished from other stingrays in the area by its relatively elongated snout. This species is of no commercial importance.
 The Damara Canary Serinus leucolaema is a small passerine bird in the finch family.
 Odonthalitus orinoma is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).The length of the forewings is 7.5 mm. The forewings are pale cream with nearly uniform pale brown overscaling. The hindwings are pale grey-brown.
 Nesocordulia is a genus of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It contains the following species: Nesocordulia villiersi
 Endotricha ardentalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Hampson in 1896 and is known from northern India.
 Oliva miniacea common name the Pacific common olive is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.There are two subspecies: Oliva miniacea berti Terzer 1986 Oliva miniacea miniacea (Röding 1798)Subspecies brought into synonymy Oliva miniacea tremulina Lamarck 1811: synonym of Oliva tremulina Lamarck 1811↑
 Hula Dancer (foaled 1960 in Kentucky) was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. She was sired by Native Dancer the 1952 and 1954 United States Horse of the Year and a U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee. Owner Gertrude Widener raced Ambrose Light in France and brought him to the United States to stand at stud where he sired Hula Dancer's dam Flash On.Gertrude Widener sent Hula Dancer to trainer Etienne Pollet at his stables at Chantilly Racecourse in France.
 Asterivora tillyardi is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The head and thorax are white mixed with pale fuscous and the antennae are black annulated with white. The abdomen is bronzy-fuscous suffusedly annulated with whitish. The legs are whitish mixed with bronzy-fuscous. The pale bronzy-fuscous mixed with dark fuscous forewings are moderate the costa hardly arched the apex pointed the termen markedly sinuate and oblique.
 Eupithecia subvulgata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran and Russia.
 Azra (1889–1909) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred in Kentucky by George J. Long and raced under the colors of his Bashford Manor Stable. His sire was Reform a son of the very important sire Leamington. Azra was out of the mare Albia whose sire Alarm also sired Himyar.Trained by John H. Morris Azra's regular jockey was Alonzo Clayton. At age two he won one of the important races for his age group the Champagne Stakes.
 Polypoetes aterrima is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Eupithecia burmata is a moth in the Geometridae family that is endemic to Burma.The wingspan is about 24 millimetres (0.94 in). The forewings are pale brown and the hindwings are dirty white.
 The Amazon weasel (Mustela africana) also known as the tropical weasel is a species of weasel that lives in the Amazon Rainforest in South America. It is rated Least Concern by the IUCN Red List. Despite its scientific name it is not found in Africa. It is a shiny brown weasel with a white or cream belly with a brown stripe down the chest. The Amazon weasel measures 9.8 to 15 in (25 to 38 cm) in length. It has a tail length of 3.9–7.9 in (9.9–20.1 cm).
 The Large Twin-spot Carpet (Xanthorhoe quadrifasiata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Portugal Ireland Iceland and Greece) east to the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 29–32 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July. There is one generation per year.The larva feed on various low-growing plants including Ribes rubrum and Galium mollugo.
 Acrolophus tapuja is a species of moths of the family Acrolophidae. It is found in Colombia and southern Brazil.
 The Wedge-tailed Hillstar (Oreotrochilus adela) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. This sexually dimorphic species is found in scrub and woodland at altitudes of 2600 to 4000 metres (8500 to 13100 ft) in the Andes of Bolivia and far north-western border region of Argentina. It is threatened by habitat loss. Uniquely among the hillstars the flanks of the male are deep chestnut while the underparts of the female are orange-buff.
 Anisocolpia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Sauris.
 Aliciidae is a family of sea anemones comprising the following genera: Alicia Johnson 1861 Cradactis McMurrich 1893 Lebrunia Duchassaing de Fonbressin & Michelotti 1860 Phyllodiscus Kwietniewski 1897 Triactis Klunzinger 1877↑
 Mesocyanophrys is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Just A Dash (1977 - 2 November 2012) was a notable Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1981 Melbourne Cup.He was sired by Whiskey Road (USA) his dam Native Lass (AUS) was by Caranna (AUS).The horse won the race by 2 ¼ lengths providing Tommy Smith with just his second Melbourne Cup. He was ridden by Peter Cook whose father Billy Cook had himself ridden two previous winners of the race.Just A Dash was also victorious in the 1981 SAJC Adelaide Cup and the SAJC St.
 Curtitoma bartschi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Scaly-breasted Lorikeet (Trichoglossus chlorolepidotus) is an Australian lorikeet found in woodland in eastern Australia. The common name aptly describes this bird which has yellow breast feathers broadly edged with green that look like scales.
 Furina is a genus of venomous elapid snakes endemic to Australia. It contains five species of which there are no subspecies.
 Hypomeces is a tropical genus of true weevil family.
 Babelomurex pallox is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Joculator keratochroma is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 Oncorhynchus masou formosanus the Formosan landlocked salmon or Taiwanese salmon is a freshwater salmonid fish endemic to Taiwan. The Formosan landlocked salmon is a subspecies of the more widespread West-Pacific cherry salmon (or masu salmon). This Taiwanese subspecies is critically endangered being at high risk for extinction and is protected in its native habitat. The Formosan land-locked salmon is one of the rarest fish in the world.
 Estaingia bilobata is a species of trilobite from the lower Cambrian period. Their fossils are found chiefly in Australia.
 Proteuxoa nuna is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.
 Trinectes is a genus of American soles native to the coasts of the Americas.
 Leptodactylus diedrus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. Its local name is sapito confuso (confused toadlet).It is found in Brazil Colombia Venezuela and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.
 Amphisbaena caeca commonly known as the Puerto Rican worm lizard (Spanish vernacular: culebrita ciega) is a species of worm lizard endemic to Puerto Rico. These animals are vermicular reptiles that live under logs rocks and dirt. Other species of Amphisbaenids in the Caribbean include Amphisbaena bakeri Amphisbaena fenestrata Amphisbaena schmidti Amphisbaena xera and Cadea blanoides. Amphisbaenids are legless worm-like reptiles with elongated bodies nearly uniform in diameter.
 Neocerambyx is a genus of round-necked longhorn beetles of the subfamily Cerambycinae.
 Sclerocecis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Scarlett's Duck (Malacorhynchus scarletti) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which was closely related to the Australian Pink-eared Duck (Malacorhynchus membranaceus). The scientific name commemorates the late New Zealand ornithologist and palaeontologist Ron Scarlett who discovered the holotype in 1941. However previously undescribed bones of the species found in 1903 were rediscovered in the Otago Museum in 1998.
 Pseudacroclita is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Minthodes is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Phaeosaces coarctatella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The larvae are lichen browsers on branches. They use old wood-borer tunnels as arefuge.
 Digidentis is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae. This genus has become a synonym of Thorunna Bergh 1878
 Pseudoplon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pseudoplon oculatum Martins 1971 Pseudoplon rasile Napp & Martins 1985 Pseudoplon transversum Napp & Martins 1985↑
 Ypsolopha atrobrunnella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the southern part of the Russian Far East and north-eastern China.The length of the forewings is 8.1–8.4 mm.The larvae feed on Crataegus maximowiczii and Pyrus species.
 Major's tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus majori) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It is found only in Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. The species was named in honor of Swiss zoologist C. I. Forsyth Major.
 The Java Sparrow (Lonchura oryzivora) also known as Java Finch Java Rice Sparrow or Java Rice Bird is a small passerine bird. This estrildid finch is a resident breeding bird in Java Bali and Bawean in Indonesia. It is a popular cagebird and has been introduced in a large number of other countries. Some taxonomists place this and the Timor Sparrow in their own genus Padda.
 Hodgson's giant flying squirrel (Petaurista magnificus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in India and Nepal. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mahogany Webworm Moth (Macalla thyrsisalis) is a species of snout moths in the genus Macalla. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found in southern Florida the Bahamas Hispaniola southern Mexico Central America Trinidad and the Amazon Delta in Brazil.Adults have a dull brown body and forewings the latter with indistinct bands. The dorsal surface of the hindwings is off-white with brown outer margins. Adults are on wing in spring. The larvae feed on Swietenia mahagoni.
 Cyclops bicuspidatus is a planktonic species of copepod found throughout the world except Australia and characteristic of the Great Lakes of North America. It is a deep water species found throughout the year with peak abundance occurring in May or June. Males grow up to 0.8–1.0 millimetre (0.031–0.039 in) long while females are larger at 0.9–1.6 mm (0.035–0.063 in).
 Endoclita viridis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from India.
 Phymatopus hectica is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae. It was described by Bang-Haas in 1927 and is known from Russia (the Russian Far East and Siberia).
 Cypholaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Lanistes solidus is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 Roar Emotion (foaled on January 30 2000 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. The granddaughter of Forty Niner will best be remembered for her score in the mile and an eighth Grade II $250000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on 16 May 2003.
 Orchestina simoni is a spider species found in France Italy and Greece.
 Oreopithecus is an extinct primate from the Miocene epoch whose fossils have been found in today's Tuscany and Sardinia in Italy.
 Euxoa castanea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the North Dakota South Dakota and south-western Manitoba west to central western British Columbia north to the Northwest Territories and south in the mountains to Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is 35–38 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August. There is one generation per year.
 Eudendrium currumbense is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Carabus hummeli vladobydovi is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia where it can only be found in Maritime Province. The species are brownish-red coloured.
 Sirioba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Lateral Lined Armyworm Garden Armyworm or Velvet Armyworm (Spodoptera latifascia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Central America and the Antilles into North America (from Texas to Florida). Spodoptera cosmioides which can be found in South America (from Argentina up to Costa Rica) was formerly considered a separate species but has been placed in synonymity with Spodoptera latifasciaThe wingspan is about 42 mm.
 Copadichromis pleurostigma is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater lakes.
 The Cachar Wedge-billed Babbler or Chevron-breasted Babbler (Sphenocichla roberti) is a species of bird in the Old World babbler family (Timaliidae). It is named for the Cachar Hills in southern Assam.It is found from northeast India in Assam Arunachal Pradesh and nearby areas. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Acrocercops aethalota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from New Zealand. The hostplant for the species is Panax arboreum.
 Schinia honesta or the Black-Spotted Gem is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern Canada and California.The wingspan is about 25–26 mm.
 Pediapelta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Pentila rotha is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon and the Republic of Congo.
 Margarella bouvetia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae the top snails.
 Rhynchoconger squaliceps is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Alfred William Alcock in 1894.
 Mantidactylus zavona is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Orthogonius thaicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2003.
 The Ruddy Streak (Parocystola acroxantha) is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand but has been introduced in Great Britain.Larvae feed have been recorded on Eucalyptus and Berberis species.
 Phyllobrostis apathetica is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is only known from Pretoria.The wingspan is about 14 mm.
 Coleophora arctostaphyli is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Iberian Peninsula and Italy and from Great Britain to Poland.The wingspan is 12–14 mm.The larvae feed on Arctostaphylos uva-ursi. They create a spathulate leaf case of about 8 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°. Before making its first case the young larvae live in a frass-filled contorted corridor. The larval stage lasts two seasons.
 Turbonilla danii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Acanthoponera mucronata is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthoponera genus. Described in 1860 by Roger the species is native to South America.
 The term spiny mouse refers to any species of rodent within the genus Acomys. Similar in appearance to mice of the genus Mus spiny mice are small mammals with bare scaled tails.
 Holothuria forskali the black sea cucumber or cotton-spinner is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae. It is found at shallow depths in the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. It was placed in the subgenus Panningothuria by Rowe in 1969 and is the typetaxon of the subgenus.Sea cucumbers are marine invertebrates and are closely related to the sea urchins and starfish.
 Trichura mathina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in French Guiana.
 Alvania tomentosa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Iressa is a genus of cosmet moths (family Cosmopterigidae). It belongs to subfamily Cosmopteriginae.They are characterized mainly by their wing venation: in the forewings vein 1b is not forked and veins 2-4 are separate while veins 6-8 are not; veins 6 and 7 are stalked and arise from vein 8. In addition the scape is short and bears a comb.This genus contains only 3 known species: Iressa microsema J.F.G.Clarke 1986 Iressa neoleuca J.F.G.Clarke 1971 Iressa triformis (Meyrick 1927)↑
 The Shore Dotterel or Shore Plover (Thinornis novaeseelandiae) is a small species (20 cm in length 60g) of Plover endemic to New Zealand. Its Māori name is Tuturuatu. It is a brown and white bird with a white-edged black mask and a brown crown.The Shore Dotterel is an endangered species with a world population of around 200 birds. It once was found across the South Island and North Island in New Zealand but became extinct there probably due to the predations of introduced cats and rats.
 The Green Hawker (Aeshna viridis) is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Austria the Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland Germany Hungary Latvia Lithuania the Netherlands Poland Russia Serbia and Montenegro Slovakia Sweden and Ukraine. Its natural habitats are rivers swamps lakes and marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss in parts of its range but in general it is not very vulnerable.
 The Semper's Warbler (Leucopeza semperi) is an extremely rare or possibly extinct New World Warbler which is endemic to Saint Lucia part of the Lesser Antilles.The common name and Latin binomial name commemorate Reverend John E. Semper an amateur ornithologist who lived in St. Lucia.
 Amygdalum papyrium common name the Atlantic paper mussel is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae the true mussels. This species occurs along the Atlantic coast of North America from Maryland to Florida as well as in the Gulf of Mexico from Texas to Mexico.
 Bellamya jeffreysi is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in Malawi and Mozambique. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Catopsilia thauruma the Madagascar Migrant is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on Madagascar Mauritius and La Réunion. The habitat consists of forest margins and anthropogenic environments.The larvae feed on Cassia siamea.
 Tonna hawaiiensis is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Ascidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 The tunnelling mud crab Austrohelice crassa is a marine large-eyed crab of the family Grapsidae endemic to the sea coasts of New Zealand. Their carapace width is up to 40 mm.
 Papilio weymeri is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family that is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Diacme is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Pteraster tesselatus the slime star or cushion star is a species of starfish in the family Pterasteridae found in the North Pacific.
 Labeobarbus platydorsus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labeobarbus.
 Comodica is a small genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the subfamily Erechthiinae.
 Turbonilla oaxacana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Euthyrrhapha is a genus of sand cockroaches in the family Polyphagidae. It is the only genus in the subfamily Euthyrrhaphinae.
 Itahipeus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The shortfin mako shark (Isurus oxyrinchus—meaning sharp nose) or blue pointer is a large mackerel shark. It is commonly referred to as the mako shark together with the longfin mako shark (Isurus paucus).
 Cuproxena nereidana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Indiana (1961–14 June 1983) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career which lasted from autumn 1963 until July 1965 he ran thirteen times and won four races. He won the Classic St Leger as a three-year-old in 1964 the same year in which he also won the Chester Vase and the Great Voltigeur Stakes. Indiana also finished second in the Epsom Derby and the Grand Prix de Paris. He retired from racing and exported in 1966 to stand as a stallion in the Japan.
 Bolma is a genus of medium to large sea snails with a calcareous operculum marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Asaphocrita deae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Uranophora broadwayi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in Trinidad.
 Orocala is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Dalima mjoebergi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Borneo.
 Acrolepia niphosperma is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.
 Cephalota elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Cephalota found in Russia.
 Polyortha chlamydata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Baya Weaver (Ploceus philippinus) is a weaverbird found across the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. Flocks of these birds are found in grasslands cultivated areas scrub and secondary growth and they are best known for their hanging retort shaped nests woven from leaves. These nest colonies are usually found on thorny trees or palm fronds and the nests are often built near water or hanging over water where predators cannot reach easily.
 Asura melanoleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India.
 Myoporaceae was a family of plants found mostly in Australia which included the following genera: Diocirea Eremophila also known as Emu Bush Myoporum also known as BoobialaIn the APG II system (continued in the APG III system) it is considered to be part of a fairly small Scrophulariaceae family along with Buddleja and a variety of plants long classified in the Scrophulariaceae (such as Leucophyllum North American shrubs which are the closest relatives to the former Myoporaceae.)
 Apotomis capreana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Iceland the Iberian Peninsula most of the Balkan Peninsula and Ukraine) east to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 17–22 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Salix caprea. They feed inside spun leaves.
 Abramites eques also known as headstander picúo or sardina is a member of the family Anostomidae of the order Characiformes. This South American fish like its close cousin Abramites hypselonotus adopts a head down swimming position due to its distinct feeding habits forced upon it by the locales it frequents.
 The black-throated monitor (Varanus albigularis ionidesi) is a monitor lizard native to Tanzania. It is usually a dark gray-brown with yellowish or white markings and can reach up to seven feet (2 m) in length and weigh more than 60 pounds. It is the largest of the four subspecies of Varanus albigularis.
 Spialia galba commonly known as the Indian Skipper or the Indian Grizzled Skipper is a hesperiid butterfly which is found in South Asia and parts of Southeast Asia.
 Major's pine vole (Microtus majori) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found in Caucasus region and its vicinities (Russia Georgia Azerbaijan Armenia Turkey Iran).
 Euangerona is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Antennablennius hypenetes the Arabian blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean from the northern Red Sea to the Persian Gulf.
 Cyamops crosbyi is a species of fly. It was found in New Zealand.
 Mordellistena nigropectoralis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1952.
 Dasylophia is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Procambarus nechesae sometimes called the Neches crayfish is a species of crustacean in the family Cambaridae. It is endemic to Texas and is listed as a species of Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
 Euroamphicyon (European Amphicyon) is a member of extinct terrestrial carnivores belonging to the family Amphicyonidae suborder Caniformia and which inhabited Europe during the Miocene.
 Crinolamia angustispira is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Conus cardinalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Mopsolodes is an Australian spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The single described species Mopsolodes australensis is endemic to Australia (Queensland Northern Territory).
 Zoolea is a South American genus of praying mantises represented by the following species:Zoolea borelliiZoolea gigasZoolea gueriniiZoolea lobipesZoolea majorZoolea minorZoolea orbaA characteristic of this genus is anterior femora with superior preapical lobes. This genus is one which contains species known as Unicorn Mantis.
 Balearites is an extinct ancylocerid genus included in the family Crioceratidae subclass Ammonoidea from the Lower Cretaceous. The shell or conch of Balearites is planispiral; whorls compressed fairly flat sided barely in contact (sub-gyroconic); venter (outer rim) rounded; ribs fineflexious branching equally in 2s 3s or 4s from weak umbilical tubercles.[citation needed]Genera assumed to be related include Aegocrioceras Crioceratites and Hoplocrioceras.
 Elattoneura pasquinii is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is endemic to Ethiopia. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Sataspes leyteana is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
 The marbled snout-burrower (Hemisus marmoratus) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi possibly Mali possibly Niger possibly Rwanda possibly Sierra Leone and possibly Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land plantations seasonally flooded agricultural land and canals and ditches. 
 Anopina pseudotilia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Liaoxisaurus is a genus of simodeosaurid choristodere a type of crocodile-like aquatic reptile. It is known from a partial specimen found in Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous rocks of the Jiufotang Formation Chaoyang Liaoning China. Liaoxisaurus was named in 2005 by Gao Chunling and colleagues. The type species is L. chaoyangensis.
 Escher's Blue (Polyommatus escheri) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Southern Europe and Morocco.The length of the forewings is 17–19 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August.The larvae feed on Astragalus species and possibly Sainfoin.
 Belgrandia varica is an extinct species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.Belgrandia varica is considered to be extinct.
 Acrobasis quarcella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Roesler in 1987. It is found in Armenia.
 Austromitra hayesi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The unrelated sawyer beetles (Monochamus) and some other wood-boring beetle taxa (especially Cucujoidea) are sometimes called bark beetles too.A bark beetle is one of approximately 220 genera with 6000 species of beetles in the subfamily Scolytinae. Traditionally this was considered a distinct family Scolytidae but now it is understood that bark beetles are in fact very specialized members of the true weevil family (Curculionidae).
 Hyperplatys argentinus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Berg in 1889 and is known from Argentina and Uruguay.
 The greater monkey-faced bat (Pteralopex flanneryi) is a megabat endemic to Solomon Islands Bougainville in Papua New Guinea and nearby small islands. It is listed as a critically endangered species and the population is decreasing. It is the largest monkey-faced bat.Traditionally a single species of Pteralopex was thought to occur in the Greater Bukida Islands Pteralopex anceps but there are actually two species here. P. anceps is a yellow-bellied species that unlike P.
 Stenocryptis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Gaussia princeps is a mesopelagic copepod found in temperate and tropical waters worldwide. They have been known to display bioluminescence.Gaussia princeps is used in the production of luciferase.
 Radix balthica is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae the pond snails.
 Trypeta integra is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Eriotortrix iresinephora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Sideridis peculiaris is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Kazakhstan.
 Berthelinia chloris also known as the green sapsucker is a species of sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.
 Henicopsaltria is a genus of cicada in the cryptotympanini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily. Four species have been described. The razorgrinder (Henicopsaltria eydouxii) is the type species.
 Laos knobby newt Tylototriton notialis is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family. It is only known from its type locality in the Nakai-Nam Theun Biodiversity Conservation Area Khammouane Province central Laos. The type locality is an evergreen mixed deciduous–pine forest; the newts were found in and near a small stream. It is likely that Laos knobby newt will also be found in adjacent areas of Vietnam.
 Chilina fulgurata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chilinidae.
 Pseudois is a genus in the subfamily Caprinae comprising two species the bharal (Pseudois nayaur) and the dwarf blue sheep (Pseudois schaeferi). Both species in the genus are variously known as blue sheep the bharal's alternate name being the Himalayan blue sheep.
 Turbonilla coomansi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Capperia evansi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Canada.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing in the beginning of June and again from the middle of July to the beginning of August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Scutellaria species. They damage the main stem of the host plant and make it droop. The larvae are hidden amongst withered leaves.
 Comrade (1917–1928) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the first-ever running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1920.Owned by the Evremond de Saint-Alary whose stable raced in England and France Comrade was purchased for only 26 guineas. Trained by the renowned British horse trainer Peter Gilpin Comrade won all three of his races as a two-year-old in 1919. In July 1920 the three-year-old Comrade won the most important race in France at the time the Grand Prix de Paris.
 Thinophilus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Uranolophus is a prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Late Devonian period. It is the type genus of the family Uranolophidae.
 Acanthorhodeus macropterus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acanthorhodeus.
 Measuring only 0.33–0.47 in (8.5–12 mm) the yellow-striped pygmy eleuth (Eleutherodactylus limbatus) is perhaps the fifth-smallest frog in the world.
 The Slaty-winged Foliage-gleaner (Philydor fuscipenne) is a perching bird species in the ovenbird family (Furnariidae).It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Greater Thornbird (Phacellodomus ruber) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Turbonilla puncta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Engelhardtia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Glyphipterix grandis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Arita and Heppner in 1992. It is found in Taiwan.
 Eulima compsa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Eupithecia dubiosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Cyprus and in the Levant.The wingspan is about 17–19 mm.
 Blepsias is a genus of sea ravens native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 Mordella charkrabandhui is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1964.
 Bombus bohemicus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee that can be found in most of Europe with exception of the southern Iberian Peninsula and Iceland.
 The rainbow cichlid (Archocentrus multispinosus) is a tropical freshwater Central American fish of the cichlid family. This species is found in lakes and swamps with muddy bottoms where it uses its specialized teeth and only 3.5% jaw protrusion to feed mostly on algae. It is commercially important as an aquarium fish: quite peaceful compared to other Central American cichlids it is a suitable and hardy fish for most aquariums.
 Pebbled butterflyfish (Chaetodon multicinctus) are marine perciform fish often found near reefs. They are at most 12 centimetres (4.7 in) in length and white with yellow brown and black markings. These butterflyfish are territorial and form pairs. The pebbled butterflyfish occur near reefs in the eastern central Pacific and are endemic to waters off the Hawaiian Islands and Johnston Atoll. They have a role in aquarium trade.
 Apatema acutivalva is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found on Cyprus.
 Chondrolepis cynthia is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and south-western Uganda.
 Coots are medium-sized water birds that are members of the Rallidae (rail) family. They constitute the genus Fulica. Coots have predominantly black plumage and—unlike many rails—they are usually easy to see often swimming in open water. They are close relatives of the moorhen.
 Charaxes thomasius is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on the island of Sao Tome.
 The Broad-tipped Hermit (Anopetia gounellei) is a species of hummingbird found in northeast Brazil that has been placed in a monotypic genus Anopetia. It has a large range and is not endangered.
 Xanthina is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 The Eastern skink (Scincus mitranus) is a lizard from the skink family (Scincidae). These skinks grow to a length of 20 cm and have an orange-brown or sand-coloured back and a white underside. On the side they have a line or spots in a light colour and the back and legs have vague dark bands. The snout is shaped like a bill and the legs and tail are short. The eastern skink can run quickly or slide over the sand and dig itself in quickly when it is in danger.
 Rallus is a genus of wetland birds of the rail family. Sometimes the genera Lewinia and Gallirallus are included in it. Six of the species are found in the Americas and the three species found in Eurasia Africa and Madagascar are very closely related to each other suggesting they are descended from a single invasion of a New World ancestor.These are slim long-billed rails with slender legs.
 Lasionycta promulsa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It occurs from Rampart House in northern Yukon to south-western British Columbia in the west and southern New Mexico in the Rocky Mountains.It is most common near timberline and is nocturnal. The northern Yukon populations are found in sage grassland although those on Montana Mountain in southwest Yukon occur in rocky alpine tundra like other populations to the south.Adults are on wing from mid-July through August.
 Oboronia liberiana the Liberian Ginger White is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of wetter forests.Adults are attracted to the flowers of the larval host plant.The larvae feed on Costus afer.
 Tropopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tropopterus duponcheli Solier 1849 Tropopterus giraudyi Solier 1849 Tropopterus mintagnei Solier 1849 Tropopterus peruvianus Straneo 1954↑
 Beringius kenicottii common name Kenicott's beringius is a species of sea snail or true whelk a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pseudathetis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Hecatera. It consisted of the species Pseudophia fixseni which is now renamed to Hecatera fixseni.
 Neobellamira delicata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Neobellamira.
 Ophthalmoptera innotata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ophthalmoptera of the family Tephritidae.
 Orectolobus is a genus of carpet sharks in the family Orectolobidae. They are commonly known as wobbegongs although this name also applies to the other members of the family. They are found in shallow temperate and tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean and eastern Indian Ocean chiefly around Australia and Indonesia although one species (the Japanese wobbegong O.
 The Feathered Gothic (Tholera decimalis) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Western Europe and Scandinavia.The wingspan is 38–48 mm. The moth flies from August to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses..
 This page refers to the genus of robber flies; for the Greek name Promachus see Promachus.Promachus is a genus of robber flies. It is part of the subfamily Asilinae.
 Handleyomys rhabdops also known as the Highland Oryzomys or Striped Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae. It is nocturnal and is found in Guatemala and Mexico in montane forest at elevations from 1250 to 3250 m.
 The Cape elephantfish josef or St. Joseph shark (Callorhinchus capensis) is a species of fish in the Callorhinchidae family.
 Cotinis viridicyanea is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Amblyscirtes belli (Bell's Roadside Skipper) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from eastern Kansas central Oklahoma and central Texas east to south-west Ohio central Kentucky eastern Tennessee and western South Carolina.The wingspan is 30–32 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September. There are three generations per year.The larvae feed on Chasmanthium latifolia. Adults feed on flower nectar.
 Loweina is a small genus of lanternfishes.
 Orange Clouded Yellow Colias stoliczkana is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India.
 Hypatopa cyane is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.1–5.1 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with a few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Eccoptochiloides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Prantl and Pribyl in 1947 and the type species is Eccoptochiloides tumescens which was originally described under the genus Cheirurus by Barrande in 1852. The type locality was the Vinice Formation.
 Pandoflabella nigriplaga is a species of snout moths in the genus Pandoflabella. It was described by Dognin in 1910 and is known from French Guiana.
 Crypsedra gemmea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central and Northern Europe.The length of the fore-wings is 16–20 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses but prefer Molinia caerulea.
 Prionovolva brevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Euchrysops sahelianus the Western Brown-edged Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal (Basse Casamance) Burkina Faso Mali Sierra Leone Ghana and northern Nigeria. The habitat consists of sudan savanna and Guinea savanna with short grass. It is mainly found in rocky areas with short grass.
 Boucardicus randalanai is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plagiolepis grassei is a species of insect in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to France.
 Tetrarhanis rougeoti is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Equateur). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Vexillum hervieri is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Orthogonius melanipes is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Holothuria floridana the Florida sea cucumber is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Holothuriidae. It is found on the seabed just below the low tide mark in Florida the Bahamas and the Caribbean.
 Marapana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Heteropoda cervina commonly called the brown huntsman is a large species of spider in the Sparassidae family often found in leaf litter in Australia. The species was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1875.All huntsman spiders are nocturnal and H. cervina shelters under bark during the day emerging in the evening to find prey often on tree trunks. They are also known to enter houses though they are extremely timid and their bite – while painful – is only mildly toxic.
 The Taurus ground squirrel (Spermophilus taurensis) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to the Taurus Mountains of Turkey. It was first identified as a distinct species to the Asia Minor ground squirrel in 2007.
 Cymbovula bahamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Carangidae are a family of fish which includes the jacks pompanos jack mackerels runners and scads.They are marine fishes found in the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The Chuxiong Fire-bellied Newt (Cynops cyanurus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family that is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and irrigated land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chondrometopum arcuatum is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Chondrometopum of the family Tephritidae.
 Metasambus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Metasambus hoscheki (Obenberger 1916) Metasambus tonkinensis Descarpentries & Villiers 1966 Metasambus weyersi (Kerremans 1900)↑
 Episemion krystallinoron is a species of African rivuline native to Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Acraea dammii is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoros. The habitat consists of forests.
 Turbonilla villi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gemixystus polyphillius is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Euthyone grisescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Acrolophus tricausta is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 The Manipur bush rat (Hadromys humei) also known as Hume's rat or Hume's hadromys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in northeastern India and is listed as endangered..
 Lantian Man (simplified Chinese: 蓝田人; traditional Chinese: 藍田人; pinyin: Lántián rén) formerly Sinanthropus lantianensis (currently Homo erectus lantianensis) is a subspecies of Homo erectus. Its discovery in 1963 was first described by J. K. Woo the following year.Remnants of Lantian Man (called Lantian Ren; 蓝田人 in Chinese) were found in Lantian County (蓝田县; pinyin: Lántián Xiàn) in China's northwestern Shaanxi province approximately 50 km southeast of the city of Xi'an.
 Amorbia leptophracta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica Colombia and Brazil.
 The peppered tree frog (Litoria piperata) is a species of critically endangered tree frog found in northern New South Wales Australia.
 Coleophora baischi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.The wingspan is about 15 mm.
 Pareuchontha albipes is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Rethusus is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae containing the following species: Rethusus fulvescens Broun 1921 Rethusus lachrymosus Broun 1885 Rethusus pictulus Broun 1886 Rethusus pustulosus (Belon 1884)↑
 The Japanese butterfish or Japanese whiptail (Pentapodus nagasakiensis) is a species of marine fish in the coral bream family (family Nemipteridae) of order Perciformes. It is native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 The Cymothoidae are a family of isopods. Several species are parasites usually of fish. These include the bizarre tongue-biter Cymothoa exigua. Around 40 genera are recognised
 Conochuza is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leucisca is a genus of crabs in the family Leucosiidae. The genus is endemic to South Africa.
 Amblyptilia grisea is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Russia (the steppe of the Altai-Sayan region).
 Sinocorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising the following species:Sinocorophium alienense (Chapman 1988)Sinocorophium heteroceratum Yu 1938)Sinocorophium homoceratum (Yu 1938)Sinocorophium intermedium (Ngoc 1965)Sinocorophium japonicum (Hirayama 1984)Sinocorophium lamellatum (Hirayama 1984)Sinocorophium minutum (Ngoc 1965)Sinocorophium monospinum (Shen 1955)Sinocorophium sinensis (Zhang 1974)Sinocorophium triangulopedarum (Hirayama 1986)↑
 Turritella crocea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Bombus cornutus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
 Nucella rolani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Callisthenia lacteata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Helice is a genus of crabs containing four species:Helice formosensis Rathbun 1931Helice latimera Parisi 1918Helice tientsinensis Rathbun 1931Helice tridens (De Haan 1835)↑
 Drosophila falleni is a species of fly found in northeastern North America. A mycophagous insect it is known to feed on the fruit bodies (mushrooms) of several genera of fungi including Agaricus Amanita Agrocybe Boletus Cortinarius Pluteus Grifola Polyporus Hypholoma Russula Mycena Stropharia and Xerula. The fly can be infested by the parasitic nematode Howardula aoronymphium which enters the fly larvae when it is feeding on mushrooms.
 The Torrent Duck (Merganetta armata) is a member of the duck goose and swan family Anatidae. It is the only member of the genus Merganetta. Today it is placed in the shelduck subfamily Tadorninae after the perching duck assemblage where it was formerly assigned to was dissolved because it turned out to be paraphyletic[citation needed].
 Caribeginella flormarina is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Pseudaneitea powelli is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae the leaf-veined slugs.
 Turbo exquisitus common name the exquisite turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Atelornis is a small genus of birds in the ground-roller family Brachypteraciidae. The genus is endemic to Madagascar.
 Cotinis olivia is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 The Szechwan myotis (Myotis altarium) is a species of vesper bat. It is found in China and Thailand.
 Brachymenes is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing two species the primarily Andean species B. wagnerianus and the lowland species B. dyscherus.The first wasp of this species was collected by the German natural scientist Moritz Wagner (born at Bayreuth Bavaria on 3 October 1813) during his expedition from Panama over Colombia to Ecuador between 1858 and 1859.
 Eupoecilia tenggerensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Java.
 Cheke's day gecko (Phelsuma abbotti chekei) is a day gecko that primarily eats insects and fruits.This species has been given several different scientific names:Phelsuma abbotti chekei (Börner and Minuth 1984)Phelsuma chekei Börner and Minuth 1984 Phelsuma befotakensis Börner and Minuth 1982 (fide Meier and Böhme)Phelsuma abbotti pulchra Rendahl 1939 (fide Meier 1982)Phelsuma abbotti sumptio Cheke 1982
 Zachaenus is a genus of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It contains the following species: Zachaenus carvalhoi Zachaenus parvulus Zachaenus roseus
 Apolychrosis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Proprioseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
 Hydromantes commonly referred to as Web-toed Salamanders is a genus of the Plethodontidae family of salamanders which is characterized by their absence of lungs; they instead achieve respiration through their skin and the tissues lining their mouth. They are endemic to Northern California USA. Similar species endemic to southern France and Italy are now separated to a distinct genus speleomantes.
 Anisoceras is a heteromorph ammonite belonging to the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae. The shell forms a loose open helical spiral in the early stages ending in one or two straight shafts in the mature adult. Surface ornament consists of prominent rounded nodes on the lower and upper flanks connected by strong looped ribs. The nodes may have been the bases of long sharp spines.
 Cerithiopsis arga is a species of very small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Kay in 1979.
 Amphianthus is a genus of sea anenomes that contains twenty-four recognized species A. armatus - A. bathybium - A. brunneus - A. californicus - A. capensis - A. caribaea - A. dohrnii - A. ingolfi - A. islandicus - A. lacteus - A. laevis - A. margaritaceus - A. michaelsarsi - A. minutus - A. mirabilis - A. mopseae - A. natalensis - A. nitidus - A. norvegicus - A. radiatus - A. rosaceus - A. sanctaehelenae - A. valdiviae - A. verruculatus.
 Rindgea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Black-shouldered Spinyleg (Dromogomphus spinosus) is a species of dragonflies in family Gomphidae. Like other spinylegs D. spinosus have long spines on their legs that help in the capture of prey. True to their name their shoulders are black. The dorsal thorax has a light green I-shaped mark with pale ovals on either side. Their flight time is between late May and early September from southern Manitoba to the east coast of the US as far south as Florida.
 Eucereon is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 David's Fulvetta (Alcippe davidi) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is endemic to southern China and northern Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Cryptoniscidae are a family of isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida. The original description was made by Kossmann in 1880. Liriopsidae is a junior synonym. Members of this family are hyperparasites of rhizocephalid barnacles which are themselves parasites of decapod crustaceans. The morphology of the adult females gives little clue as to their true identity but the free-living larvae show their true taxonomic affiliations.The family contains these genera:Cryptoniscus F.
 Teulisna obliquistria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.The wingspan is 25-29 mm. Adults are on wing in April and August.
 Bucculatrix mesoporphyra is a moth of the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in Australia.
 A rosella is one of five to eight species of colourful Australian parrots in the genus Platycercus. Platycercus means broad-tailed or flat-tailed reflecting a feature common to the rosellas and other members of the broad-tailed parrot tribe. Their diet is mainly seeds and fruit.
 Opisthorchis is a genus of flukes in the family Opisthorchiidae.
 Ophlitaspongia papilla is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Microcionidae. It is found along north east Atlantic coastlines. This is a red sponge which forms thin smooth encrusting patches up to 5 cm across with regularly spaced oscula.
 Protosiren (taxonomic family Protosirenidae) is an extinct early genus of the order Sirenia. Protosiren existed throughout the Lutetian and Bartonian stages of the Middle Eocene. Its geographic distribution was intercontinental: fossils have been found in the United States (North Carolina) Egypt France Hungary India and Pakistan. Like the extant sirenians (manatee and dugong) Protosiren is thought to have fed on sea grasses as well as freshwater plants.
 Scomberomorus commerson is a mackerel of the Scombridae family. It is found in a wide ranging area centering in South-east Asia but as far west as the east coast of Africa and from the Middle East and along the northern coastal areas of the Indian Ocean and as far east as Fiji in the South West Pacific ocean. They are common down both sides of Australia as far south as Perth on the west coast and Sydney on the east coast. They are also found as far north as China and even Japan.
 Hoplias australis is a predatory freshwater characin fish of the southern Neotropics.
 Laetilia bellivorella is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Neunzig in 1997. It is found in Florida.
 Stenopus is a genus of swimming decapod crustaceans containing eleven species including Stenopus hispidus a common aquarium pet. Stenopus contains the following species:
 Ischnacanthus is an extinct genus of fish in the class Acanthodii. Ischnacanthus lived during the Early Devonian period. Ischnacanthus has jaws but still retains small mosaic scales. They either had very small teeth or none. Fossils were found in Tillywhandland Quarry Forfar Scotland. Some species were of large size up to 2 m in length.
 Eleutherodactylus parvus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Synanthedon mesochoriformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Distorsio ventricosa is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae the Distortio snails.
 Cyrtodactylus buchardi is a gecko recently described from Champasak Province Laos.
 Sesarmidae is a family of crabs previously included in the Grapsidae by many authors. Several species namely in Geosesarma Metopaulias and Sesarma are true terrestrial crabs. They do not need to return to the sea even for breeding.
 Cephalotes jheringi is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 The Blueberry Leafminer (Caloptilia porphyretica) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (North Carolina New Jersey).It is a frequent pest in commercial highbush blueberries in New Jersey. There are at least three generations per year.The larvae feed on Rhododendron species including Rhododendron occidentale. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. The lower epidermis is wrinkled.
 Lanistes neritoides is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is endemic to the Republic of the Congo.
 Hypidalia sanguirena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil French Guiana Venezuela Ecuador and Bolivia.
 Barsinella mirabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Espiritu Santo).
 Pseudococculina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudococculinidae.
 Gymnobela nivea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Clouded lizardfish (Saurida nebulosa) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the south Pacific Ocean.
 Eutudora jimenoi is a species of an operculate land snail terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.
 Lymantria dispar dispar commonly known as the gypsy moth European gypsy moth and North American gypsy moth is a moth in the family Erebidae of Eurasian origin. It has a range which covers in Europe Africa North America. Carl Linnaeus first described the species Lymantria dispar in 1758. The subject of classification has changed throughout the years resulting in confusion surrounding the species taxonomy. This caused many references to describe this one species in different ways.
 Chicomurex turschi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or 'rock snails'.
 Cymothoe haynae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Ophichthus fasciatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Chu Yuan-Ting and Jin Xin-Bo in 1981.
 Hesperisternia itzamnai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The western blue devil Paraplesiops sinclairi is a species of fish in the longfin family Plesiopidae endemic to Western Australia. The fish is found in in rocky reef habitats in the coastal inshore waters of southwestern Western Australia from the Recherche Archipelago to Lancelin.
 Abyssocottus korotneffi is a deepwater sculpin. It was described by Lev Berg in 1906. It is a non-migratory freshwater fish which is endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 120-1000 metres most commonly between 450-500 m. Males can reach a maximum total length of 12.6 centimetres while females can reach a maximum TL of 13.2 cm. It can live up to 12 years. Females harbour about 20 eggs in each ovary; the eggs can measure up to 4.25 mm in diameter.A.
 Clepsiphron is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eois batea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Calliotropis ostrideslithos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 The Prions (or whalebirds) are small petrels in the genera Pachyptila and Halobaena. They form one of the four groups within the Procellariidae (also referred to as the prions) along with the gadfly petrels shearwaters and fulmarine petrels.They are found in the Southern Ocean and breed on a number of subantarctic islands. Prions grow 20–27 cm (7.9–10.6 in) long and have blue-grey upper parts and white underparts.
 Camaegeria aristura is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Uganda.This species is black and the tip of the abdomen has red-orange scales. It is similar to Camaegeria auripicta Strand 1914 Camaegeria monogama (Meyrick 1932) and Camaegeria sophax (Druce 1899)
 Glyptaesopus proctorae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 The Specious Tiger (Asota speciosa formerly Aganais speciosa) is a moth of the subfamily Aganainae now regarded as being within the family Noctuidae. Formerly it was regarded variously as a member of the Arctiidae the Hypsidae and subsequently the family Aganaidae which still is regarded as a family by some authorities.
 Maculonaclia griveaudi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Viette in 1987. It is found in Madagascar.
 Praedora leucophaea is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from dry bush areas from northern South Africa to Kenya.The length of the forewings is 20–21 mm. The body and forewings are greyish white with light brown transverse bands. The hindwings are uniform very pale grey.
 Ruler on Ice (born April 2 2008) is a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 2011 Belmont Stakes. He was bred and foaled in Kentucky by Brandywine Farm in partnership with Liberation Farm on. He is a chestnut gelding sired by Hill 'n' Dale Farms' Roman Ruler out of the Saratoga Six-bred mare Champagne Glow. The colt was consigned as lot 988 at the 2009 Keeneland September yearling auction where he was purchased by George and Lori Hall for $100000.
 Curtitoma neymanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Lamprosema is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Nephelomys pirrensis also known as the Mount Pirre Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae. Its type locality is at Mount Pirri or Pirre in eastern Panama at an altitude of 4500 feet (1400 m) and it has also been recorded on Mount Tacarcuna.N. pirrensis is a relatively large species. The color of the upperparts is brown and becomes lighter towards the sides. The throat is gray and the other parts of the underparts are buffy.
 Racotis zebrina is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Central Eastern & Southern Africa from Niger to South Africa.A known food-plant of the larvae is Popowia caffra (Annonaceae).It can be distinguished from Racotis squalida (Butler 1878) by its smaller size and by the male antennae. In R.squalida these are quite short and straight while they are much longer and coarser with strong ciliations in R.zebrina.
 Audea melaleuca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Ethiopia Cape Verde and South Africa.
 Micrarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It includes a single species M. trigona (Leech) from Chinese Qinghai and Sichuan. In the 20th century this genus name was used for many small tiger-moths from different subtribes later separated into own genera: Palearctia Sibirarctia Sinoarctia Lithosarctia Sinowatsonia.
 Leptosaces schistopa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.
 Chamaesphecia schmidtiiformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Italy the Balkan Peninsula and Ukraine. It is also found from Turkey to the Black Sea coast the Caucasus Turkmenistan and Iran.The wingspan is 17–26 mm.The larvae feed on Salvia verticillata Salvia sclarea and Salvia syriaca.
 Ctesias is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic including Europe.
 The Lycid-mimicking Moth (Snellenia lineata) is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The wings are brown the hindwings shading to black at the margins. The thorax is brown and the abdomen is black. The antennae have filamentous tips. Adults feed at flowers and are often found near poisonous Lycidae beetles of the Metriorrhynchus genus which they mimic.
 Russian Rhythm is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active broodmare who was bred in the United States but trained in the United Kingdom. During a racing career which lsted from June 2002 until May 2004 she ran ten times and won seven races. In 2003 her wins included the Classic 1000 Guineas the Coronation Stakes and the Nassau Stakes and at the end of the season she was voted European Champion Three-Year-Old Filly at the Cartier Racing Awards.
 Tegeticula elatella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in western Texas from the Big Bend region through southern New Mexico to south-eastern Arizona and the Verde Valley of central Arizona. The habitat consists of grassland and shrub desert.The wingspan is 21-28 mm. The forewings are white and the hindwings are white with an area of light to medium grey near the apex.The larvae feed on Yucca verdiensis. They feed on developing seeds. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the soil.
 Leucosyrinx paratenoceras is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Thesprotia pellucida common name Grass Mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil.
 Lioscorpius is a genus of deep-sea bristly scorpionfishes native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 The Domed Mauritius giant tortoise (Cylindraspis triserrata) was a species of tortoise. It was endemic to Mauritius.
 Thryssa is a genus of anchovies in the Engraulidae family. It contains the following species:
 Cochylidichnium amulanum is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Sclerisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Benneviaspidida is an order in cladogram of prehistoric fishes which lived in the Early Devonian. The fishes in order Benneviaspidida have flat headshield and dorsoventrally depressed. They have also short body. The first canal to lateral sensory field bifurcates near the orbit.
 The grove snail or brown-lipped snail (Cepaea nemoralis) is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc. It is one of the most common species of land snail in Europe and has been introduced to North America.Cepaea nemoralis is the type species of the genus Cepaea.It is used as a model organism in citizen science projects.
 Calathus malacensis is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.
 Harutaeographa monimalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Anoncia fasciata is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 14-17 mm. The forewings are hoary sprinkled with brownish fuscous. The hindwings are shining pale brownish with an iridescent luster in strong light.
 Fissurella oriens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.There are two subspecies known : Fissurella oriens fulvescens G.B. Sowerby I 1835 : found in the Pacific Ocean along Chile. Fissurella oriens oriens G.B. Sowerby I 1834 : the Rising Sun Keyhole Limpet; found along the Falkland Islands and Isla Chiloé Chile↑ 1.0 1.1
 Troilus luridus is a species of shield bug.
 Myrmecia athertonensis is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. They are commonly spotted in the north of Queensland. It was described by Forel in 1915.The average lengths is around 14.6-22 millimetres long and the males are 14.5-15.5 millimetres long. Most of the body of the species is black. The mandibles are however yellow and the thorax is in a goldish-yellow colour.
 Cupidesthes jacksoni Jackson’s Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of wet forests.Adults of both sexes have been found on the flowers of Eupatorium species.
 Glareola is a genus of birds in the family Glareolidae. The pratincoles are a group of birds consisting of the seven species of this genus and the Australian Pratincole the only species of the genus Stiltia.
 Mitra cookii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Chrysallida africana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. It is one of many species of the large Chrysallida genus of gastropods. The species was named 'Africana' in honor of the continent Africa as the species is mostly distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of South Africa and the Cape of Good Hope.
 Tamopsis novaehollandiae is a common tree dwelling spider occurring in eastern Australia. It is sometimes referred to as the Two Tailed Spider because of the long twin spinnerets. The preferred habitat is on tree trunks rocky outcrops and overhangs. Camouflage is used to avoid predation as is the remarkable speed when threatened. Despite being tree dwellers they do not hide under bark.
 Oestrinae is a subfamily of Oestridae which includes parasitic flies attacking a range of different hosts. There are 9 genera with 34 species in this subfamily which typically spend their larval stage in the skin or soft tissues of mammals including deer or sheep (such species are often considered pests).
 Dioptis phelina is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to the region of Bogota in Colombia.
 The Fernald's cuckoo bumblebee (Bombus fernaldae) is a species of cuckoo bumblebee having only males and queens but no worker bees. The females place there eggs in the nest of the confusing bumblebe (Bombus perplexus) or the red-belted bumblebee (Bombus rufocinctus) who raise the larvae. Fernald's cuckoo bumble bees pollinate Potentilla Rubus clovers and goldenrods.
 The family Archeocrypticidae is a small group of beetles with no vernacular common name though recent authors have coined the name cryptic fungus beetles. Adults and larvae seems to be saprophagous and are often found in plant litter. Worldwide there are about 10 genera and 50 species most species are pantropical. The species Enneboeus caseyi has been recorded from the American South Central America and Mexico.
 Brachygobius is a small genus of gobies. They are popular aquarium fish where a number of species are sold as bumblebee gobies because their colours are similar to those of bumblebees.
 Acrocercops is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 The Metallic Pigeon (Columba vitiensis) also known as White-throated Pigeon is a medium-sized up to 37 cm long bird in the family Columbidae.
 Llanolebias stellifer is a species of rivuline endemic to the Orinoco River basin in Venezuela. This species grows to a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 The orthopteran family Rhaphidophoridae includes the cave weta cave crickets camelback crickets camel crickets spider crickets (sometimes shortened to criders or sprickets) and sand treaders of the suborder Ensifera; in some regions such as Missouri and Virginia these crickets are referred to as cricket spiders.[citation needed] In southern Virginia they are sometimes called Seaford Jumping Spiders. Those occurring in New Zealand Australia and Tasmania are typically referred to as jumping or cave weta. 
 Red-tailed Tinfoil Barb (Barbonymus altus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbonymus.
 Notiopsyllopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Anamalai loach (Homaloptera montana) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homaloptera.
 The Citrus Peelminer (Marmara gulosa) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from California Arizona Texas Florida and Cuba.The larvae feed on Nerium oleander Citrullus vulgaris Prosopis Persea americana Gossypium hirsutum Citrus paradisi Salix lasiolepis and Vitis vinifera. Damage caused by citrus peelminer is apparent on the peel of the fruit and is cosmetic in nature. However only two to three mines per fruit renders fresh-market fruit commercially unacceptable.
 Geoffroy's tailless bat (Anoura geoffroyi) is a species of phyllostomid bat from the American tropics.
 Apocydia is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.
 Ulidia albidipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Xenophora corrugata is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Leptodactylus notoaktites is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anasimyia interpuncta is a European species of hoverfly.
 The Murphy's Crow (Euploea caespes) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Deltaspis moesta is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Charaxes mccleeryi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of lowland to montane forests at altitudes from 600 to 2150 meters.Adult males are attracted to fermented bananas.The larvae feed on Albizia species.
 High Chaparral is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career which lasted from September 2001 to October 2003 he ran thirteen times and won ten races. His win in the Racing Post Trophy made him one of the highest rated two-year-old of 2001. In 2002 he defeated Hawk Wing in the Epsom Derby and won the Breeders' Cup Turf. At four he defeated Falbrav and Alamshar in the Irish Champion Stakes and won a second Breeders' Cup Turf.
 Cosmioconcha geigeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Micropentila catocala is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Lutz's poison frog (Ameerega flavopicta; formerly Epipedobates flavopicta) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family found in Bolivia and Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Metalobosia cupreata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Reich in 1933. It is found in Brazil.
 Neva (foaled 1814 died after 1837) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse which in 1817 became the first filly to win both the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse and the Oaks at Epsom Downs Racecourse. In a racing career which lasted from April 1817 until May 1818 she ran four times and won twice.
 Zeuzeropecten occultoides is a moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Madagascar.This is a large heavy moth with a wingspan of 80 mm for the males and 90 mm for the females.
 The Cream-browed White-eye (Lophozosterops superciliaris) also known as the Cream-browed Ibon or Yellow-browed White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Naarda postpallida is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.
 The Granulate Cutworm or Tawny Shoulder (Feltia subterranea formerly Agrotis subterranea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America from Massachusetts and New York to California and the southern parts of the United States and Mexico.
 Peasiella isseli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Pseudocomotis agatharcha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The whiteline topminnow Fundulus albolineatus was a type of killifish first identified in 1891. It was endemic to Big Spring Madison County Alabama in the United States.
 Sagda spiculosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
 Leucanopsis daltoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 Sinocyclocheilus anatirostris is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in China.
 Bursa humilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Eupithecia molliaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 The Chthamaloidea are a subdivision of Balanomorpha proposed by Newman and Ross to include barnacles with shell wall composed of rostrum carina and one to three pairs of latera rarely supplemented with one or more whorls of basal imbricating plates. The rostrolatus enters the sheath but rarely fuses with the rostrum as in the three higher superfamilies. Shell plates are simple in construction solid and incorporate organic chitin between carbonate layers.
 Graphea paramarmorea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Ridge Tail Salamander or Salamandra De Cola Estriada (Pseudoeurycea obesa) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rectala is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Aseraggodes is a genus of soles native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Pseudopediasia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Proteuxoa porphyrescens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland Tasmania and Victoria.
 Siphonarioidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air-breathing sea snails or false limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Panpulmonata.
 Viridemas is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ansonia leptopus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chlorosea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Agatus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Agatus amoenulus Semenov 1889 Agatus anthracinus Solsky 1874 Agatus apicalis Jedlicka 1956 Agatus bicolor (Solsky 1874) Agatus cingulatus Gebler 1843 Agatus flavipes (Solsky 1874)↑
 Imbophorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Pseudodaphnella rufolirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Mordellistena chopardi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1950 by Pic.
 Tachyrhynchus reticulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Poromitra is a genus of ridgeheads.
 Marmara is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.Characters: the head is smooth antennae four-fifths to one basal joint thick with slight pecten.Labial palpi moderately long porrected slender with appressed scales pointed. Maxillary palpi 3 absent 4 absent 6 absent 8 absent 11 absent.
 Orthocomotis mediana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province Pichincha Province Napo Province Morona-Santiago Province) and Peru.The wingspan is 21-24.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream white white in the terminal area and grey in the dorsal and basal portions. There are brown dots with a fewrust scales on the interfasciae and green scales on the markings which are dark brown. The hindwings are greyish brown.
 The genus Palaemonias comprises two species of endangered albinistic obligate cave shrimp: Alabama cave shrimp – Palaemonias alabamae Smalley 1961 Kentucky cave shrimp – Palaemonias ganteri Hay 1901↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Sutonocrea fassli is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1910. It is found in Colombia.
 Grossius is an extinct genus of sarcopterygian fish that lived during the Devonian period of Spain. Its size was about 1 m in length.
 The Pygmy Nightjar (Caprimulgus hirundinaceus) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Fissurella verna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Sinogastromyzon sichangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinogastromyzon.
 Gobionellus is a genus of gobies native to fresh marine and brackish waters along the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.
 Amantis tristis is a species of praying mantis native to Borneo.
 Spilarctia sinica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Sichuan Yunnan Zhejiang Hunan Zhejiang Hubei).
 Pachyurinus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 Craugastor cruzi is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent rivers.
 Dysgonia calefasciens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya Thailand Sundaland the Philippines to Seram.
 Adela gymnota is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 The White-crested Elaenia (Elaenia albiceps) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers. It has several subspecies breeding across southern and western parts of South America. Southern birds migrate north in winter.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Autochloris almon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1779. It is found in Surinam and Brazil.
 Metarctia aethiops is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in Malawi.
 Pseudamycus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). The monotypic genus Taivala is thought to be closely related.
 Asperdaphne laceyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Hypomecis intectaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The razor shell Ensis arcuatus also called razor clam or razor fish is a bivalve of the family Pharidae. It is found on sandy beaches in Northern Europe and Eastern Canada such as Prince Edward Island where it is most populous in the world.[citation needed] In some locations razor shell can also refer to members of the family Solenidae including species of the genera Ensis and Solen by some taxonomic classifcations which include the family Pharidae within the family Solenidae.
 Ambulyx liturata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Nepal north-eastern India (Sikkim and Assam) Burma Thailand and Vietnam to Fujian and Hong Kong in China.The wingspan is 106-134 mm. It is similar to Ambulyx maculifera but can be distinguished by the absence of a subbasal costal patch on the forewing upperside.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Canarium album in China.
 Micromischodus sugillatus is a species of halftooth endemic to the Amazon Basin. It is the only described species in its genus.
 Caphys dubia is a species of snout moths in the genus Caphys. It was described by Warren in 1891 and is known from the West Indies and Brazil.
 Cancellaria patricia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Carolina heelsplitter scientific name Lasmigona decorata is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae. It is named the Carolina heelsplitter because in life the sharp edge of the valves protrudes from the substrate and could cut the foot of someone walking on the river or stream bed.
 Zygonoides fuelleborni is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Botswana Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Issikiomartyria is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the insect order Lepidoptera within the family Micropterigidae.
 Ambulyx johnsoni is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.The wingspan is about 50 mm. It is similar to Ambulyx liturata but smaller the upperside and underside of the wings is more yellowish and the underside of the palps thorax abdomen and bases of both wings are pinkish.
 Manouria is a genus of tortoise in the Testudinidae family. It contains the following species: Impressed Tortoise (Manouria impressa) Manouria emys Manouria sondaari - an extinct giant land tortoise from Luzon Island Philippines.↑
 Rhagoletotrypeta xanthogastra is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Belenois calypso the Calypso White or Calypso Caper White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Burkina Faso Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Tityus is a large genus of thick-tailed scorpions (family Buthidae) the namesake of its subfamily Tityinae. As of June 2012 Tityus contains more than 200 described species distributed in Central America and South America from Costa Rica to Argentina.The genus contains several dangerously venomous scorpions the best known of which is the Brazilian yellow scorpion T. serrulatus. Its venom can cause severe illness (including pancreatitis) and in the young old and infirm even death.
 Trypeta chrysura is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Gymnasura dentiferoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1915. It is found in New Guinea.
 Matsumuraeses is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Chloroclystis decimana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Afrotropical ecozone.
 The Berycidae are a small family of deep-sea fishes related to the squirrelfishes. The family includes the alfonsinos and the nannygais.Berycids are found in both temperate and tropical waters around the world between 10 and 1300 m (33 and 4265 ft) in depth though mainly greater than 100 m (330 ft). They are typically red in colour and measure up to 60 cm (24 in) in length. Distinguishing features include spiny scales and large eyes and mouths.
 Petrolacosaurus was a small 40-centimetre (16 in) long reptile and the earliest diapsid known. It lived during the late Carboniferous period. The strata where it was found in Kansas are of Pennsylvanian age and are approximately 302 million years old.The prehistoric reptile's diet may have consisted mainly of small insects. Petrolacosaurus had distinctive canine-like secondary-sized teeth a trait found primarily in therapsids and later in mammals. Its fossils were found in Kansas USA.
 Fattail scorpion or fat-tailed scorpion is the common name given to scorpions of the genus Androctonus one of the most dangerous groups of scorpions species in the world. They are found throughout the semi-arid and arid regions of the Middle East and Africa. They are a moderate sized scorpion attaining lengths of 10 cm (just under 4 in). Their common name is derived from their distinctly fat metasoma or tail while the Latin name originates from Greek and means man killer.
 Callechelys maculatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Chu Yuan-Ting Wu Han-Lin and Jin Xin-Bo in 1981. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Pingtan Island China in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 33.8 centimetres.
 Lycopsis is an extinct genus of South American metatherian that lived during the Miocene.
 Scabricola ocellata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The oriental small-clawed otter (Aonyx cinerea) also known as the Asian small-clawed otter is the smallest otter species in the world weighing less than 5 kg. It lives in mangrove swamps and freshwater wetlands of Bangladesh Burma India southern China Taiwan Laos Malaysia Indonesia Singapore the Philippines Thailand and Vietnam. Its paws are a distinctive feature its claws not extending beyond the fleshy end pads of its partially webbed fingers and toes.
 Brauer's Opal (Chrysoritis braueri) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family found only in South Africa.The wingspan is 20–24 mm for males and 21–26 mm for females. Flight period has two broods from August to November and February to April.Larva feed on Zygophyllum spp. and Myrsine africana. They are associated with Crematogaster spp. ants.
 Anthela rubriscripta is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Blue-throated Bee-eater (Merops viridis) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.It is found in Brunei Cambodia China Hong Kong Indonesia Laos Malaysia the Philippines Singapore Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.Subspecies M. v. americanus of The Philippines is sometimes considered a distinct species the Rufous-crowned Bee-eater M. americanus.
 Discreetly Mine is an American thoroughbred race horse. Foaled in 2007 he won the Risen Star Stakes in February 2010 making him a contender for the 2010 Kentucky Derby. Bred in Kentucky by E. Paul Robsham Discreetly Mine was sired by Mineshaft (by A.P. Indy) who was voted the 2003 American Horse of the Year. He is out of Pretty Discreet a Grade I winner of the Alabama Stakes herself a daughter of Private Account.
 The Eastern Violet-backed Sunbird (Anthreptes orientalis) also known as the Kenya Violet-backed Sunbird is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in arid savanna of East Africa ranging from Djibouti in north to Tanzania in south. It is part of the violet-backed sunbird superspecies.
 The Glaucous Macaw (Anodorhynchus glaucus) is a large all blue South American parrot a member of a large group of Neotropical parrots known as macaws. This macaw generally believed to be extinct was closely related to the Lear's Macaw A. leari and the Hyacinth Macaw A. hyacinthinus. In Guaraní it was called guaa-obi after its vocalizations.
 Mantella is a genus of frogs in the family Mantellidae endemic to Madagascar. These are small frogs typically reaching 2–3 centimetres (0.79–1.18 in) with iridescent colors with combinations of black blue orange yellow and green which reflect the toxic nature of their skins. Several species in the genus are threatened because of habitat loss and over-collection for the international pet trade.
 Amphisbaena schmidti known commonly as Schmidt's worm lizard is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.
 Eudistylia is a genus of marine polychaete worms. The type species is Eudistylia gigantea now accepted as Eudistylia vancouveri. This worm lives in a parchment-like tube with a single opening from which a crown of tentacles projects when the worm is submerged. It is a filter feeder.
 Protadisura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Ratardinae is a small subfamily of large moths from Southeast Asia.
 Glossogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh brackish and marine waters from Africa to the coasts of the western Pacific Ocean.
 Microdesmus is a genus of wormfishes native to the Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Hoplobrotula is a genus of cusk-eels.
 Java Loach (Pangio oblonga) is a species of unbanded kuhli loach native to the sandy streams of Southeast Asia. Its common names include the java loach black kuhli and chocolate kuhli. It is a tropical freshwater fish common to the aquarium trade.
 Eospilarctia yuennanica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in China and Vietnam.The wingspan is 59-66 mm.
 Mordellistena purpurascens is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Costa in 1854 and can be found in such countries as Croatia France Italy Spain and on islands such as Corsica and Sicily.
 Kishinouyea corbini is a stalked jellyfish species in the genus Kishinouyea from the Tropical Western Atlantic. The species is named after Peter Corbin a marine biologist noted for his extensive work on Atlantic Stauromedusae.
 Phidippus putnami is a species of Jumping spider that is found in North America.
 Eupithecia atacamaensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of Atacama (Huasco Province) and Coquimbo (El Qui Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Intermediate Desert and Coquimban Desert Biotic Provinces.The length of the forewings is about 8.5 mm for males and 8.5–9 mm for females. The forewings are whitish grey with medium dark and reddish brown scaling. The hindwings are paler than the forewings with scattered brown scaling distally.
 Gilchristella aestuaria the Gilchrist's round herring or estuarine round-herring is a member of the herring family Clupeidae that occurs off the coasts of Southern Africa. It is the only species in its genus which was named for John Dow Fisher Gilchrist (1866–1926).
 The Black Cupid (Elkalyce kala) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Cochylimorpha hilarana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe and Asia Minor.The wingspan is 17-23 mm. Adults have been recorded from wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Artemisia campestris and possibly Artemisia maritima. The feeding causes a swelling of the basal part of a young stem of the host plant. The gall may be partly hidden in the soil. The larvae are whitish with a light brown or dark brown head. They can be found in June and July.
 Rhodoleptus nigripennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Giesbert in 1993.
 Mesocetus (nomen dubium)is an extinct genus of cetacean.
 Eulima major is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The Black-winged Monarch (Monarcha frater) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Mitra typha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Scopula haeretica is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Niceteria macrocosma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on Myrtaceae species including Angophora costata.
 Uranophora chalybea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Cuba and Jamaica.Adults are brilliant metallic blue.
 Utriculofera utricularia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Orthobasis bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Orthobasis.
 Cadlina excavata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Schistura nilgiriensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Scotorythra metacrossa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Oahu.Larvae feed on Acacia koa.
 Lepidoperca is a small genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae). It includes ten species.
 Glaphyocanthon is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Donuca orbigera is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the northern half of Australia.The wingspan is about 50 mm.
 The Coastal Swordtail Cream-striped Swordtail or Swordtail Dark Swordtail (Graphium porthaon) is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family found in tropical western Africa.The wingspan is 55–60 mm in males and 60–65 mm in females. Species has continuous broods during warmer months.The larva feed on Artabotrys monteiroae Annona Uvaria Friesodielsia obovata Cleistochlamys kirkii Monodora junodii Monanthotaxis caffra Uvaria caffra and Uvaria kirkii.
 Peripyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Amphipyra
 Turbonilla aculeus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Ambetilia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Balinsky in 1994 and contains the species Ambetilia crucifera. It is found in South Africa.
 Pherothrinax is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Bifascioides is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Nassarius vaucheri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Tutelina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Rhinoclavis kochi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Conus dondani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Sumba Hornbill (Rhyticeros everetti) is a large bird in the Bucerotidae or hornbill family. The scientific name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
 Vandykea tuberculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Vandykea.
 The short-tailed snake (Lampropeltis extenuatum) is a small harmless colubrid snake. Fossorial and seldom seen it is found only in sandy upland parts of Florida where it is listed as Threatened and is protected by state law.
 Stenognathus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Stenognathus batesi Chaudoir 1877 Stenognathus chaudoiri Ball 1975 Stenognathus crassus Chaudoir 1869 Stenognathus crenulatus Chaudoir 1869 Stenognathus dentifemoratus Shpeley & Ball 2000 Stenognathus dentifer (Chaudoir 1869) Stenognathus gagatinus (Dejean 1831) Stenognathus jauja Shpeley & Ball 2000 Stenognathus longipennis Chaudoir 1877 Stenognathus luctuosus (Maindron 1906) Stenognathus melanarius (Dejean 1831) Stenognathus nigropiceus (Bates 1869) Stenognathus onorei Shpeley & Ball 2000 Stenognathus platypterus Chaudoir 1869 Stenognathus plaumanni Shpeley & Ball 2000 Stenognathus procerus (Putzeys 1878) Stenognathus quadricollis Chaudoir 1869 Stenognathus robustus (Bates 1884) Stenognathus stricticollis (Maindron 1906)↑
 Siosta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Hoplichthys is a genus of ghost flatheads native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 Coptotriche alavelona is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 Metriotes is a genus of moth belonging to the family Coleophoridae
 Turbonilla gabbiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mordellistena badia is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1945 by Liljeblad.
 Camptosomata are the case-bearing leaf beetles or camptosomates named for their habit of carrying a case of waste material as larvae. This group consists of two subfamilies of Chrysomelidae (leaf beetles): Lamprosomatinae and Cryptocephalinae (which include the former Chlamisinae and Clytrinae).Each case begins as a wrapping that the mother creates by laying plates of fecal material around each egg. She begins at one end of the egg and turns it with the addition of each plate.
 Philautus similipalensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to India.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Schistonoea is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The zimb also known as tsaltsalya (Ethiopian) or seriut (Arabic) is any horse-fly of the genus Pangonia found in Ethiopia. The genus is more widespread and contains many species but only those from this region are given the name zimb. They are similar in feeding habits to the tsetse fly but completely unrelated.
 Agdistis (Ancient Greek: Ἄγδιστις) was a deity of Greek Roman and Anatolian mythology possessing both male and female sexual organs connected with the Phrygian worship of Attis and Cybele. Her androgyny was seen as symbolic of a wild and uncontrollable nature. It was this trait which was threatening to the gods and ultimately led to her destruction.
 Chalybura is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It contains the following species: White-vented Plumeleteer (Chalybura buffonii) Bronze-tailed Plumeleteer (Chalybura urochrysia)
 Phtheochroa jerichoana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Palestine Saudi Arabia Bahrain and Iran (Laristan).
 Opisthius richardsony is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Opisthius.
 Euzopherodes albistrigella is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzopherodes. It was described by Hampson in 1908. It is found in Sri Lanka and in India.This species has a wingspan of 30mm.
 Homoeosoma soaltheirellum is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Roesler in 1965 from Soaltheira Portugal from which its species epithet is derived. It has also been recorded from Spain.
 Rapisma is a genus of moth lacewings Ithonidae. They were previously placed in family of their own Rapismatidae. They are mostly brown or green and the body is broad and the head is short and retracted under the pronotum. Some species show sexual dimorphism in wing shape. Species identification is based on genitalia characters and requires the dissection of specimens. The genus has species that are distributed along the Himalayas from Nepal to Thailand Malaysia and South East Asia.
 Chionodes hinnella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain.The length of the forewings is 7-8 mm.
 Caseopsis was a large pelycosaur that was about 3 meters long. Caseopsis lived in the late Early Permian epoch (Kungurian Age) before the pelycosaurs were replaced by the more advanced therapsids (in the next age). It was a lightly built agile creature. It may have been possible for this species to outpace and escape large predators such as Dimetrodon.
 Saurita tenuis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The Egyptian weasel (Mustela subpalmata) is a species of weasel that lives in northern Egypt. It is rated Least Concern by the IUCN Red List.
 Damias postvitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Cyclophora poeciloptera is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
 Paziella tanaoa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Acrocercops imperfecta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Egypt.
 Hapalomys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Delacour's marmoset rat (Hapalomys delacouri) marmoset rat (Hapalomys longicaudatus)
 Hypsopygia tripartitalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It is found in Cuba.
 Austroliotia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Liotiidae.
 The Monte Cristo Arboeral Alligator Lizard (Abronia montecristoi) is an endangered species of lizard. This species is distributed in the cloud forests of El Salvador as well as Honduras. This species is classified as Endangered by the IUCN Red List
 Paratrirhithrum nitobae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Paratrirhithrum of the family Tephritidae.
 Coleophora kantarica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Euxoa nomas is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in British Columbia and Alberta.
 Parornix bifurca is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Italy.
 Stigmella zelleriella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Alps and from Ireland to central Russia.Some authors consider the form lappovimella to be a distinct species. It occurs in northern Fennoscandia.The wingspan is 4.5–6.2 millimetres (0.18–0.24 in). Adults are on wing from April to September.The larvae feed on Salix lapponum Salix repens and Salix repens arenaria. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Andrewesius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Andrewesius amicus Kryzhanovskij 1995 Andrewesius arlettae Morvan 1998 Andrewesius boulbeni Morvan 1998 Andrewesius cavazzutii Morvan 1998 Andrewesius coeruleatus Fairasaire 1891 Andrewesius delavayi Morvan 1997 Andrewesius fedorovi Kryzhanovskij 1994 Andrewesius glasaour Morvan 1998 Andrewesius ollivieri Morvan 1997 Andrewesius omeishanicus Kryzhanovskij 1994 Andrewesius pratti Bates 1891 Andrewesius remondi Morvan 1997 Andrewesius rougemonti Morvan 1997 Andrewesius subsericatus Fairmaire 1886 Andrewesius sycophanta Fairmaire 1886 Andrewesius szetschuanus Jedlicka 1932 Andrewesius vikara Andrewes 1923 Andrewesius vimmeri Jedlicka 1932 Andrewesius vulpinus Andrewes 1923 Andrewesius yunnanus Csiki 1931 Andrewesius zezeae Csiki 1931↑
 Iotisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Pentodon is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Dynastinae species of which include:Pentodon algerinus (Fuessly 1788)Pentodon bidens (Pallas 1771)Pentodon idiota (Herbst 1789)Pentodon quadridens (Gebler 1844)Pentodon variolopunctatus (Fairmaire 1879)↑
 Eupithecia placida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Rhodostrophia calabra is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the Iberian Peninsula and a small isolated population in Morocco through southern France the western and southern Alps Italy the eastern coast of the Adriatic Sea to the southern parts of the Balkan Peninsula. In central Europe it is only found as an isolated population in central France and Rheinland-Pfalz.
 Exclusive Native (1965-1983) was an American Thoroughbred stallion sired by Raise a Native and out of Exclusive. Foaled in Florida the chestnut colt was bred and owned by Louis Wolfson's Harbor View Farm. Exclusive Native is the Sire of Triple Crown Winner Affirmed.Exclusive Native's race record was 13: 4-4-3 and his earnings totaled to $169013. Two of his wins included the Sanford Stakes and the Arlington Classic. However he is best remembered as the sire of two U.S.
 Parazyxomma is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It contains only one species Parazyxomma flavicans (Martin 1908) - the Banded Duskdarter. It is widespread and common in much of west Africa and central Africa.
 Daruma sagamia is a species of sculpin native to the Pacific Ocean waters around Japan. It is found at depths of from 50 to 80 metres (160 to 260 ft). This species grows to a length of 3 centimetres (1.2 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Heliocheilus ranalaetensis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to South Australia.The larvae possibly feed on Triodia scariosa.
 Risoba menhoferi is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Sumatra.
 Pagellus bellottii the Red pandora is a species of fish found off the coast of Africa and the Canary Islands from the western Mediterranean southwards to Angola. A demersal feeder they can generally be found at depths of 10 m to 50 m. Individuals can reach 42 cm but average 25 cm. It is a protogynic hermaphrodite; individuals start out life as females and some become male later on. It is commercially fished with 10031 t taken in 2008. Most of the catch is made from 26° N southwards.
 Terefundus cuvierensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Apocorophium lacustre is a species of amphipod crustacean. It lives in nearly fresh water; it is white and up to 6 mm long. It occurs mainly on the Atlantic coast of North America the North Sea and the Baltic.
 The Lovely Sunbird (Aethopyga shelleyi) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Idalus aleteria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Costa Rica French Guiana Guyana Peru Bolivia and Trinidad.
 Suillia dumicola is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Agdistis protecta is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Turkmenistan and Iran.The wingspan is 15-17 mm.
 Phalonidia contractana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Europe (including Spain southern France and Italy) Dalmatia Macedonia Hungary Romania Bulgaria Greece Ukraine southern Russia (Sarepta) Uralsk Turkey Kuldscha Afghanistan Kashmir Lebanon China (Henan Xinjiang) Iran and Pakistan.The wingspan is 12−14 mm.Larvae have been recorded on Artemisia Anthemis Cichorium Lactuca Inula viscose and Inula graveolens.
 Dunama indereci is a moth in the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica where it is known from the Villa Blanca in San Ramon Alajuela province at an elevation of 1115 meters in a montane pass between Costa Rica’s Cordillera de Tilaran and the Volcanica Central.
 Helicacma is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Caffromorda platycephala is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Caffromorda.
 Pygicera scripta is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Pygicera.
 Polymixis ivanchiki is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Near East (Israel Lebanon and south-western Iran) and the southern parts of Turkey (the provinces of Hatay and Urfa).The wingspan is 38-40 mm. The head thorax and forewings are dark brownish grey mixed with black hair-like scales. The hindwings are shining white with some black scales on the veins. The discal spot is pale gray and the terminal line is black.
 Conomurex decorus common name : the Mauritian Conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Problema is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Syncola is a genus of moths in the family Blastobasidae. It contains the single species Syncola epaphria which is found in Sri Lanka.
 Eulepidotis perlata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Costa Rica Panama Peru French Guiana and Guyana.
 The van de Poll’s Birdwing (Troides vandepolli) is a montane birdwing butterfly occurring on Java and Sumatra. It is endemic for Indonesia and is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES).The species was named for Neervoort Jacob R. H. van de Poll.
 Omiodes monogramma is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Dianella odorata. They feed on the leaves which they fold together along the midrib and fasten with silk at the margins. Usually there is one caterpillar per leaf. Young larvae begin feeding at the apex of the leaf and then they gradually work downward folding together more and more of the leaf as they need it for a hiding place.
 Metanarsia alphitodes is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Algeria south-eastern Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan and Mongolia.The length of the forewings is 5-7 mm. The forewings are cream mottled with brown. The hindwings are light grey. Adults are on wing from mid-May to the end of June.Larvae have been reared from Nitraria species. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 The Bronze-winged Courser or Violet-tipped Courser (Rhinoptilus chalcopterus) is a species of bird in the Glareolidae family. It is found throughout Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Mantoida nitida is a species of praying mantis in the Mantoididae family.
 Corticaromus rueckeri is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Corticaromus.
 Neomphaloidea is a superfamily of deep-sea snails or limpets marine gastropod mollusks previously regarded as in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005) but now classified in its own clade the Neomphalina. They are commonly known as hydrothermal vent limpets. The other superfamily of hydrothermal vent limpets is the Lepetodriloidea.The anatomical characters of the Neomphaloidea largely follow the patterns as in the Vetigastropoda.
 Agrilodia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Agrilodia hirundo (Chevrolat 1838) Agrilodia iris (Gory 1841) Agrilodia leopardina Obenberger 1943 Agrilodia oporina Obenberger 1924 Agrilodia paraguayensis Obenberger 1923↑
 The Lofty Bath White or Peak White (Pontia callidice) is a small butterfly of the family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which occurs in the Palearctic zoogeographical region.
 Danaus commonly called Tigers Milkweeds Monarchs and Queens is a genus of butterflies in the tiger butterfly tribe. They are found worldwide including North America South America Africa Asia Indonesia and Australia. For other Tigers see the genus Parantica.
 Clavatula sacerdos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Tanychaeta is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Estimata clavata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 The Ningu (Labeo victorianus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Burundi Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are rivers swamps freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and inland deltas.
 Eleutherodactylus baiotis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Conus sphacelatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Alucita longipalpella is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in China (the Yangtze Valley).
 Vertica is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Conus ceruttii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Oreobates simmonsi is a frog species of in the family Strabomantidae; it was formerly placed in the Leptodactylidae assemblage.Oreobates simmonsi is found in Ecuador and possibly Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.Frogs of the genus Oreobates are found in the forests of Ecuador Argentina Brazil Bolivia Colombia and Peru. They are unusual because they do not have a tadpole stage.
 Caryocolum cauligenella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Norway and most of the Balkan Peninsula. The wingspan is 11–13 mm. The forewings are dark brown flecked with cream. There are three indistinct white transverse fasciae at one-quarter one-half and four-fifths mottled with light brown. Adults are on wing in June.The larvae feed on Silene species including Silene gallica Silene nutans and Silene vulgaris.
 Qatrania is an extinct genus of primates. There are two known species.
 Partulina crassa was a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to Hawaii in the United States. This species is now extinct.
 The red-tailed knobby newt or Kweichow (crocodile) newt (Tylototriton kweichowensis) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family. It is found in western Guizhou (Kweichow being an old spelling of Guizhou) and north-eastern Yunnan China. It is most closely related to emperor newt (Tylototriton shanjing) and Himalayan newt (T. verrucosus).Red-tailed knobby newt is a relatively large robust newt.
 Fenimorea kathyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Chloreuptychia herseis is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Surinam Guyana Peru and Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Geita is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Adonis Blue (Polyommatus bellargus) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is found in the Palearctic ecozone Western Europe Central Europe South Europe South Russia Iraq Iran Caucasus Transcaucasus Turkey). Note that information on this species applies to Great Britain and some details may not be consistent with the species in other parts of its range.
 Demoulia obtusata common name : the obtuse demoulia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Eupithecia turbanta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Popa spurca also known as the African twig mantis is a species of mantis native to Africa. It takes its common name from its resemblance to twig from a woody plant and grows up to 8 centimetres (3.1 in) long if female or 7 cm (2.8 in) long if male.
 Planorbis corinna is a species of minute air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails or planorbids. All planorbids have sinistral or left-coiling shells.
 Daphnella patula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Eulima fricata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Hyposmocoma semifuscata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii. The type locality is Kona where it was collected on an altitude between 2000 and 4000 feet.
 Mordella batjanensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Ocinebrina ingloria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Man o' War (Lexington Kentucky March 29 1917 – Faraway Farm November 1 1947) is considered one of the greatest Thoroughbred racehorses of all time. During his career just after World War I he won 20 of 21 races and $249465 in purses.Man o' War was sired by the prominent Fair Play. His dam Mahubah was sired by U.K. Triple Crown Champion Rock Sand. Man o' War was owned and bred by August Belmont Jr.
 Coleoxestia rubromaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Micrelaps bicoloratus or the Kenya two-headed snake is a [goopy] of venomous opisthoglyphous (rear-fanged) snake in the family Atractaspididae. It is endemic to Kenya.
 Csiromedusa medeopolis is a species of jellyfish described in 2010.It was discovered in the estuarine waters of the River Derwent near to the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation's Marine and Atmospheric Research branch in Hobart Tasmania Australia. C. medeopolis has been described as presenting a new family and genus as well as species.Its binomial name is derived from CSIRO jellyfish and city of gonads. Unlike most other jellyfish males and females of C.
 Zoffany (1980–1998) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred in New Jersey he was large bay horse with a narrow white blaze. Zoffany was first sent to be trained in Britain by Guy Harwood where he won three times from nine starts in 1982 and 1983. He ran in the 1983 Epsom Derby finishing twentieth of the twenty-one runners behind Teenoso. At the end of his three-year-old season he has exported to the United States and was trained in California by John Gosden.
 Dwigubskyia togatus is a species of mite placed in its own family Dwigubskyiidae in the order Mesostigmata.
 Scopula mascula is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Mozambique.
 The Masked Water Tyrant (Fluvicola nengeta) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers.
 The Hewitson's Olivewing (Nessaea hewitsonii) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is common in a broad range of the Amazon basin including the eastern slopes of the Andes mountain range. It is found in high evergreen tropical forest semi-deciduous tropical forest and riverine forest.The length of the wings is 33–40 mm for males and 36–41 mm for females.
 Sparganothis caryae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America including Alabama Arkansas Florida Georgia Indiana Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Mississippi Missouri New Jersey Oklahoma Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee and Texas.The wingspan is about 17-18 mm.
 The Ecuadoran spiny pocket mouse (Heteromys teleus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to central western Ecuador where it is found at elevations from sea level to 2000 m on the coastal plain and western slopes of the Andes. The species is nocturnal and lives in dry tropical evergreen forests; it creates well-defined runways and is often found near streams. It is threatened by deforestation and fragmentation of its remaining habitat.
 Polemon gabonensis or the Gaboon snake-eater is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae. It is endemic to Africa.
 Cyana nigroplagata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1910. It is found in New Guinea.
 Pleistodontes proximus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus lilliputiana the fig species it pollinates.
 The Yellow-fronted Parrot (Poicephalus flavifrons) from Africa is occasionally called Yellow-faced Parrot.The Yellow-faced Parrot (Alipiopsitta xanthops) formerly also known as the Yellow-faced Amazon is the only species of the genus Alipiopsitta. It is a Neotropical parrot (tribe Arini) and was classified in the genus Amazona for many years. It is a predominantly green and yellow-plumaged bird with a yellow head.
 Phyllonorycter extincta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tunisia.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the underside of the leaf.
 Ethmia discrepitella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Russia (Orenburg Region Altai and Saratov Region).The species exhibits distinct sexual dimorphism. Females have strongly shortened forewings and rudimentary hindwings. The wingspan for the males however is 7.3-8.5 mm.The larvae possibly feed on Thalictrum minus.
 Baliochila megadentata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in central Tanzania. The habitat consists of moist montane forests.Adults have been recorded on wing in February.
 Erithosoma is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Calliotropis granolirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Osgood's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus osgoodi) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to China. Its name refers to Wilfred Hudson Osgood.
 Sphingnotus insignis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Ophioceratidae is an extinct family of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite order Ceratitida and superfamily Noritaceae.
 Macrosphenus is a genus of African warblers formerly placed in the Sylviidae family. The genus is one of two in that family known as longbills. It contains the following species: Grey Longbill (Macrosphenus concolor) Yellow Longbill (Macrosphenus flavicans) Kemp's Longbill (Macrosphenus kempi) Kretschmer's Longbill (Macrosphenus kretschmeri) Pulitzer's Longbill (Macrosphenus pulitzeri)
 Trabecula tani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gynaephora groenlandica (common name: Arctic Woolly Bear Moth) is a Lymantriid moth found within the Arctic circle in Greenland and Canada. It is best known for its very slow rate of development. It was once estimated that it had a 14-year life cycle from egg to adult moth a unique life cycle among the Lepidoptera with the ability to withstand temperatures below −60 °C.
 Grammia virguncula the Little Virgin Tiger Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by W. Kirby in 1837. It is found across most of southern Canada and the United States from the Rocky Mountains eastward. In the north the range extends to northern Alberta and Newfoundland. In the south it occurs along the Rocky Mountain to Apache County in Arizona and New Jersey in the east.
 The Emin's Shrike (Lanius gubernator) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea-Bissau Mali Nigeria Senegal Sudan and Uganda.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Aphomia taiwanalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Philopteridae are a family of Ischnocera chewing lice mostly parasitic on birds.The taxonomy and systematics of the group are in need of revision; the Philopteridae are almost certainly paraphyletic.
 Cerapachys eguchii has been discovered and described by Borowiec M. L. in 2009.
 Nemanthus annamensis commonly known as the gorgonian wrapper is a species of sea anemone found in central Indo-Pacific waters.
 Meridarchis jumboa is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Kawabe in 1980. It is found in Japan.
 Scolytus multistriatus the European elm bark beetle or smaller European elm bark beetle is a bark beetle species in the genus Scolytus. In Europe while S. multistriatus acts as vector of the Dutch elm disease caused by the Ascomycota Ophiostoma ulmi it is much less effective than the large elm bark beetle S. scolytus.S. multistriatus uses vanillin and syringaldehyde as signals to find a host tree during oviposition.
 The Japanese quail also known as Coturnix quail (Coturnix japonica) is a species of Old World quail found in East Asia. First considered a subspecies of the Common quail it was distinguished as its own species in 1983. The Japanese quail has played an active role in the lives of humanity since the 12th century and continues to play major roles in industry and scientific research. Where it is found the species is abundant across most of its range.
 Ceratrichia semlikensis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the central part of the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Uganda western Kenya Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Isachne mauritiana.
 Thais malayensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Diamond Shoal (6 May 1979 – ca.1996) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He showed some promise as a two-year-old winning two of his six races. In the following year he won only one minor race but was placed in several major races including a third-place finish in the St Leger Stakes.
 Macaca majori commonly known as the dwarf macaque is a prehistoric macaque from the Pleistocene of Sardinia Italy.
 Lyces striata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to the Pacific slope of Ecuador and Colombia.It is engaged in mimicry with the arctiid Crocomela erectistria.Larvae have been reared on Passiflora chelidonea.
 The Giraffe Stag-Beetle (Prosopocoilus giraffa) is the world's largest saw-tooth stag beetle with long and sharp jaws. It lives in wide range of Asia - from India to Indonesia. It is strong and rough natured but the large jaws are sometimes beyond its control. Aggressive fierce and powerful it fights using the muscular jaws. It is up to 119 millimetres in length. The body color black is determined by its home.
 The Pará Spiny Tree Rat Mesomys stimulax or Surinam Spiny Tree Rat is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Platycheirus granditarsus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Britain and Europe. Typical habitat includes marshy meadows and ditches where it can be found between May and October though it is at its commonest between July and September. The most distinctive feature of this fly is the red-orange abdomen most easily seen as it takes off or alights.
 Clemensia leucogramma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama.
 Apollo (1879-1887) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won 24 races in his career including the 1882 Kentucky Derby.As of 2011 Apollo is the only horse to win the Kentucky Derby without having raced as a 2-year-old.Apollo was injured as a five-year-old and was retired from racing. He was given to a friend of Morris' wife that lived in Charleston for use as a saddle horse.
 Ecsenius pulcher is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in the western Indian ocean. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 Hyposmocoma kahaiao is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The species belongs to the amphibious caterpillar guild of the Hyposmocoma genus.
 Catoria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Las Vegas dace (Rhinichthys deaconi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It was found only in the Las Vegas Valley in the United States. It was declared extinct in 1986 by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature.
 Anthene uzungwae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from south-central Tanzania to the Udzungwa Mountains.The length of the forewings is 14–16 mm. The upperside of the wings is shiny deep violet blue with a narrow black marginal line. The underside ground colour is dark grey.
 Kermia alveolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tachina chaetaria is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Tajikistan.
 The dwarf lake turkana robber (Brycinus minutus) is a species of fish in the Alestidae family. It is endemic to Lake Turkana in Kenya.
 Strobisia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Anthophila brachymorpha is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1915. It is found in Bolivia.
 Amydria onagella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America including California.
 The Ouachita madtom Noturus lachneri is a catfish of the family Ictaluridae.The first specimens of the species were collected in 1952 it was not until 1969 that they were recognised as a species. The Ouachita madtom is similar to the tadpole madtom except the Ouachita madtom has one internasal pore while the tadpole madtom has two and 16 to 18 anal rays while the tadpole madtom has only 14 to 16.
 Voltinia dramba is a fossil metalmark butterfly found in pieces of amber in the Dominican Republic on the island of Hispaniola in 2004. The butterfly belonging to the extant genus Voltinia is the first species to be taxonomically described from amber and the first true fossil of an adult riodinid. Five specimens all females were found in pieces of amber from the resin of the extinct leguminous tree Hymenaea protera (Poinar 1991).
 Nabis christophi is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Eupithecia flavoapicaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Taiwan.
 Three Troikas (born 1976) was a French Thoroughbred champion racehorse who was owned trained and raced by the three members of the famous Head family.A granddaughter of Northern Dancer the filly was purchased by Alec Head's Haras du Quesnay from South African construction magnate Artur Pfaff.
 Dalla parma is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Evans in 1955. It is found in Ecuador.
 The White-eyed Parakeet or White-eyed Conure (Psittacara leucophthalma) is a small green Neotropical parrot native to South America.
 Halysidota elota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1886. It is found on Jamaica.
 Physella parkeri the Broadshoulder Physa is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail.It is an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.Like others in the family this species is sinistral or left-handed.
 Tambja morosa also known as Tambja kushimotoensis or Gloomy Nudibranch is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Nembrothinae within the family Polyceridae.This species is instead sometimes placed in the family Gymnodorididae.
 Erismatica is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species Erismatica erythropis which is known from Zimbabwe.
 Eupithecia slossonata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Florida Georgia Kentucky and Maryland.The forewings are deep smoky brown with blackish cross lines. The hindwings are pale smoky with a quite prominent oblique postmedian line.
 Onchidiopsis carnea is a species of small sea snail with a transparent internal shell a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae. Because the shell is mostly internal the snail resembles a sea slug in general appearance.
 Acraea ranavalona is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoros. The habitat consists of forests. The colours may be much brighter than those shown in early collections and in museums.
 The Ratanaworabhan's Fruit Bat (Megaerops niphanae) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in India Thailand and Vietnam.
 The serrated hinged terrapin (Pelusios sinuatus) is a species of turtles in the Pelomedusidae family.It is found in tropical East Africa in lakes and rivers. It can often be seen basking on logs rocks or mud banks or even on the backs of sleeping hippopotami. It eats water snails soft-weed and insects. It is the largest species in the genus Pelusios with a carapace length of up to 55 cm. Females are larger than males.
 Anthene montana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (from the eastern part of the country to the Uluguru Mountains).The length of the forewings is 15.8 mm. The upperside of the wings is shiny deep violet-blue with a narrow black marginal line on both wings. The underside ground colour is grey with dark brown markings distinctly outlined with dark brown and white edges.
 Lamoria idiolepida is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Turner in 1922. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Marimatha squala is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Arizona southward to Costa Rica. Flight season isAdults are on wing from mid-July to mid-August in Arizona and from late May in Costa Rica.
 Rhacophorus tunkui is a disputed species of frog in the moss frog family (Rhacophoridae). It is known only from the southern and southeastern parts of Peninsular Malaysia but might be more widespread. It is often treated as a junior synonym of R prominanus (Malayan flying frog) but this seems to be premature; actually it appears to be a parapatric cryptic sister species. R. dulitensis from Borneo and Sumatra is probably another close relative.Specimens assigned to R.
 Ophiopholis is a genus of brittle stars (Ophiuroidea) found in oceans worldwide from tropics to temperate regions.
 The Mexican stoneroller (Campostoma ornatum) is a small fish of the American Southwest and northern Mexico. It belongs to family Cyprinidae. There are three other species in this genus Campostoma anomalum (the central stoneroller) Campostoma oligolepis (the largescale stoneroller) and Campostoma pauciradii (the bluefin stoneroller) which are morphologically similar.
 The Strophius Hairstreak (Allosmaitia strophius) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from southern Brazil north to Sinaloa Mexico. Strays can be found as far north as Texas.The wingspan is 22–32 mm. Adults are on wing year round in Central America. In Texas a stray was reported in NovemberThe larvae feed on the flowers of Malpighia species.
 Parablennius ruber the Portuguese blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Atlantic ocean. This species reaches a length of 14.1 centimetres (5.6 in) TL.
 Sphaerodeltis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Curve-billed Thrasher (Toxostoma curvirostre) is a perching bird of the thrasher group native to the southwestern United States and much of Mexico.
 The Red Rail (Aphanapteryx bonasia) is an extinct flightless rail. It was endemic to the Mascarene island of Mauritius east of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean. It had a close relative on Rodrigues island the likewise extinct Rodrigues Rail with which it is sometimes considered congeneric. Its relationship with other rails is unclear.
 Ghelna is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Lardoglyphus is a genus of mites in the monotypic family Lardoglyphidae containing the following species:Lardoglyphus angelinae Olsen 1982Lardoglyphus falconidus Philips & Norton 1979Lardoglyphus konoi (Sasa & Asanuma 1951)Lardoglyphus radovskyi Baker 1990Lardoglyphus robustisetosus Baker 1990Lardoglyphus zacheri Oudemans 1927↑
 Styotrichia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Turbonilla depressacostae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Aramichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the middle division of the Eocene epoch.
 The Giant Snipe (Gallinago undulata) is a stocky wader. It breeds in South America. The nominate subspecies G. u. undulata occurs in two distinct areas one in Colombia and the other from Venezuela through Guyana Suriname and French Guiana to extreme north-eastern Brazil. The southern subspecies G. u.
 Synechocera is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Synechocera albohirta (Carter 1921) Synechocera bicolor Bellamy 1987 Synechocera brooksi Bellamy 1987 Synechocera burnsi Bellamy 1987 Synechocera cynaeipennis Carter 1924 Synechocera deplana (Fabricius 1801) Synechocera elongata Thomson 1879 Synechocera parvipennis Bellamy 1987 Synechocera queenslandica Bellamy 1987 Synechocera setosa Carter 1924↑
 The Hungarian Glider (Neptis rivularis) is a species of butterfly.It lives in Central and Eastern Europe Russia central Asia and the Far East as far as Japan. The breadth of its wings is 25–27 mm. It prefers forest habitats and its caterpillars feed on Spiraea.
 Leidyula moreleti is a species of air-breathing land slug shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae.
 Princess of Sylmar (foaled 27 March 2010) is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2013 she appeared to have established herself as the leading American filly of her generation with Grade I wins in the Kentucky Oaks Coaching Club American Oaks and Alabama Stakes.
 Raphitoma pruinosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Paranerita cuneoplagiatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 Orthotylus stratensis is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Greece.
 Cyme asuroides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Harpalus serripes is a species of black coloured ground beetle which can be found in Palaearctic and the Near East. In Europe it can be found in Albania Benelux Greece Italy Lithuania Portugal Spain Sweden Ukraine all states of former Yugoslavia Central Europe and southern and central parts of Russia. It is also found in such Near Eastern countries as Armenia Georgia Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan and into Algeria of North Africa.
 Homalinotus is a genus of weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae.
 Psilometriocnemus is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).
 The Malay Lacewing (Cethosia hypsea) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in from Burma to Indonesia and the Philippines.The wingspan is about 80 mm. Adults are bright orange-red above with broad black borders warning predators of their toxicity. The underside is orange-red with white fasciae and is spotted with black. The wings are scalloped.The larvae feed on Adenia species. They are wine red and have long spines. They are also poisonous.
 Apantesis vittata the Banded Tiger Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1787. It is found from Maryland to Florida west to Kentucky and Louisiana.The wingspan is 32–42 mm. Adults are on wing from March to October.The larvae feed on various herbs including dandelions.
 Callopterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.
 Euarestus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Turbonilla virgulinoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Enneapterygius cheni is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by S.C. Wang K.T. Shao and S.C. Shen in 1996. It is a subtropical blenny found in the northwestern Pacific Ocean and swims at depths ranging from 0-12 metres. It has been described from Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands. Male E. cheni can reach a maximum length of 2.4 centimetres.
 The Broad-bodied Chaser also called the Broad-bodied Darter (Libellula depressa) is one of the most common dragonflies in Europe and central Asia. It is very distinctive with a very broad flattened abdomen four wing patches and in the male the abdomen becomes pruinose blue.
 Biplex aculeata is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Pyrenecosa spinosa is a wolf spider species found in Andorra.
 The tube-dwelling spiders (family Segestriidae) consist of two large and widespread genera (Segestria and Ariadna) and one monotypic genus (Gippsicola from Australia).
 Turbo canaliculatus common name the channeled turban is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Tylomelania kruimeli is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.The specific name kruimeli is in honor of Dutch malacologist Jan Herman Kruimel (1884-1916).
 The Suckermouth Minnow (Phenacobius mirabilis) is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee.
 Parma is a genus of damselfish in the Family Pomacentridae.
 Phalium areolum is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae the helmet snails and bonnet snails.
 Veltheimia is a genus of perennial plants native to South Africa in the family Asparagaceae subfamily Scilloideae. It was named in honour of A.F.G. von Veltheim (1741-1808) a German patron of botany.There are two species:Veltheimia bracteata Harv. ex Baker Veltheimia capensis (L.) DC.↑ ↑ ↑
 Neocurtimorda distrigosa is a species of beetle in the Neocurtimorda genus which is part of the Mordellidae family.
 Thoristella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae the top snails or top shells.Thoristella has become a synonym of Coelotrochus P. Fischer 1879
 Bactrocythara agachada is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Lycas is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Niphargus tatrensis is a troglobitic species of crustacean in the family Niphargidae living in the karst waters of Austria the Czech Republic Hungary Poland and Slovakia. It can be found in caves and also in karst springs and in wells in the karstic areas.Niphargus tatrensis was discovered in 1887 by August Wrześniowski in a well in Zakopane and described by him in 1888. The specific epithet comes from the Tatra Mountains.
 Telmatobius truebae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and canals and ditches.
 Nyctemera sumatrensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Malacca Sumatra and Java.
 Falcuna melandeta is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Gabon. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 The Broad-branded Brilliant (Poritia phalena) is a small butterfly found in India and South East Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 The Long-nosed Mosaic-tailed Rat or Papuan Lowland Paramelomys (Paramelomys levipes) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 The tsing-ling pika (Ochotona huangensis) is a species of pika endemic to the mountains in Central China. They inhabit mountainous forests and shrublands. It is a poorly known species.
 Amblyptilia repletalis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in New Zealand where it is known from the North and South Islands.The larvae feed on the flowers of Plantago species.
 Epidromia consperata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Guyana and Venezuela.Adults have a very dark blackish-brown ground colour shaded by pale blue-gray scales.
 Lithophaga bisulcata or the mahogany date mussel is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies and Bermuda.
 Template:Smith EzekielSmith Ezekiel Siblings- Roseline Eze Esther Eze Matthew EzeSmith was born into a polygamous family a family of twelve he is number 7 of the twelve born on the 16th of August 1990.
 The Bogotá Yellow-shouldered Bat (Sturnira bogotensis) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela at altitudes from 300 m to above 2000 m particularly in cloud forest. The species is primarily frugivorous; it may also consume nectar and pollen.
 Dahira klaudiae is a moth of the Sphingidae family which is endemic to China.The forewing length is 27–31 millimetres (1.1–1.2 in). It is very similar to Dahira yunnanfuana but distinguishable by the reddish-brown rather than greyish-brown ground colour of the hindwing upperside.
 The Escuericito (Odontophrynus lavillai) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forest aquaculture ponds and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Common or Clouded Sulphur (Colias philodice) is a North American butterfly in the family Pieridae subfamily Coliadinae.
 Aleuron carinata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856 and is known from southern Mexico Panama Venezuela Brazil Bolivia Costa Rica Belize and Ecuador.The wingspan is 62-86 mm. Adults are on wing at least from July to January in Costa Rica and in June in Panama.The larvae feed on Doliocarpus dentatus Curatella americana and probably other Dilleniaceae species.
 Microtritia is a genus of mites in the family Euphthiracaridae.
 The Yellow-Breasted Tailorbird (Orthotomus samarensis) is a species of bird formerly placed in the Old World warbler assemblage but now placed in the family Cisticolidae.It is found only in the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nothabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Coleophora legitima is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.The larvae feed on Climacoptera species. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Pyrrhulina laeta known as the half-banded Pyrrhulina or half-lined Pyrrhulina is a fish that lives near Pebas Peru and in tributaries of the Ampiyacu River. It is frequently confused with other species.
 The dwarf blue sheep or dwarf bharal Pseudois schaeferi is an endangered species of caprid found in China Proper and Tibet. It inhabits low arid grassy slopes of the upper Yangtze gorge in Batang County of the Sichuan Province and a small part of the Tibet Autonomous Region where it is known by the local name rong-na.Originally given subspecific status to the bharal (Pseudois nauyar) morphological research conducted in the 1970s led it to be considered a distinct species.
 Proeulia schouteni is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Maule Region Bio-Bio Region).The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream yellow in the distal third suffused and/or strigulated with pale feruginous. The hindwings are cream mixed with pale brownish in the anal and cubital parts.
 Idnea felicella is a species of snout moths in the genus Idnea. It was described by Dyar in 1913 and is known from Guyana.
 Pammenodes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Hexocycnidolon unoculum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Hexocycnidolon.
 Scopula cornishi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoros.It has a wingspan of 23–28 mm.
 Agdistis tihamae is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Yemen.
 Gibberula celerae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Syncosmia eugerys is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Seram.
 The Inland Hairstreak or Desert Blue (Jalmenus aridus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is only known from the area near Kalgoorlie in Western Australia and is considered to be endangered speciesThe wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on the leaves and flowers of Senna nemophila and Acacia tetragonophylla.The Caterpillars are attended by the ant species Froggatella kirbii.
 Istiblennius steindachneri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean. It can reach a maximum of 11 cm (4.3 in) in SL.
 Lucanus capreolus (commonly known as Reddish-brown Stag Beetle) is a beetle of the Family Lucanidae. The species name capreolus is derived from Latin meaning Roe Deer (capreolus literally means little goat). The name refers to the resemblance of the antennae to deer antlers.
 The Luciliinae are a subfamily of Calliphoridae or blow flies. According to Keys to the Genera and Species of Blow Flies (Diptera: Calliphoridae) of America North of Mexico by Terry Whitworth the distinguishing characteristics of this subfamily are its shining green blue or bronze thorax and abdomen suprasquamal ridge with a setae cluster and a bare lower calypter.
 Cyanopepla griseldis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Mexico.
 Pseudogarantiana is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites. It lived during the Jurassic Period which lasted from approximately 200 to 145 million years ago.
 Stenalia graeca is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 The Crinoniscidae are a family of isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida. The original description was made by Bonnier in 1900. Members of this family are parasites mostly on other crustaceans.
 Graphania oliveri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1911. It is found in New Zealand.
 Hirudo is a genus of leeches of the family Hirudinidae. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758.There are two well-accepted species within the genus: Hirudo medicinalis Linnaeus 1758 Hirudo nipponia Whitman 1886Three other species previously synonymized with Hirudo medicinalis were described in 2005 and are gaining acceptance: Hirudo verbena Hirudo orientalis Hirudo troctina↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑
 Cynea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Grypotheca triangularis is a moth of the Psychidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1930. It is found in New Zealand.
 Zygoballus melloleitaoi is a species of jumping spider which occurs in Argentina. It is known only from a single female specimen collected in Puerto Victoria Misiones.
 Coleophora hoeneella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Tibet.The wingspan is about 15 mm.
 Ancistrus temminckii is a species of armoured suckermouth catfish in the family Loricariidae of order Siluriformes. It is found in Suriname in the Saramacca River Suriname River and Maroni River basins. Males grow to about 10 centimetres (3.9 in) excluding tail. As with some other species of Ancistrus it is sometimes kept as an aquarium fish although it is often difficult to identify the specific species of Ancistrus kept in a given aquarium.
 The Mekong Bat (Murina eleryi) is a species of common bats first discovered in a forest of northern Vietnam.
 Ethmia volcanella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.The length of the forewings is 8.7-11.2 mm. The ground color of the forewings is gray with a distinct white spur at the end of the cell and marked with black. The ground color of the hindwings is pale pink brightest in the anal area and becoming paler distally. The apical area is dark brownish.
 Lyonetia euryella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu Kyushu Yakushima).The wingspan is 8–10 mm. Adults are on wing from the beginning to the middle of May from the middle of June to the beginning of July from the end of July to the beginningof August and from the beginning of September to the beginning of October. There are four generations per year.The larvae feed on Eurya japonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Staff Sergeant (Athyma selenophora) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
 Junodia vansomereni is a species of praying mantis found Uganda.
 Choeroichthys is a genus of pipefishes of the family Syngnathidae native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Cheyletiella yasguri is a species of mites from the genus Cheyletiella popularly known as walking dandruff and one of the many ectoparasites that targets domestic dogs. Characterized as the “bite and run” parasite the first reported case of Cheyletiella Yasguri was in Italy in the year of 1965. It is named after Dr. I. Yasgur. It has been found throughout the world with reported cases in the Italy Germany The Netherlands the U.S. etc. A distinguishable characteristic that sets species C.
 Adetomyrma is a genus of ants endemic to Madagascar. Workers of this genus are blind. The type species Adetomyrma venatrix was described in 1994 with the genus being an atypical member of its tribe the Amblyoponini. This tribe includes the dracula ants members of which feed on the hemolymph of larvae.
 Cymiphis is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
 The Eurasian Pygmy Owl Glaucidium passerinum is the smallestowl in Europe. These owls are a dark reddish to greyish-brown with spotted sides and half of a white ring around the back of their neck.The owl preys on birds – some nearly as large as itself – and small mammals such as voles.It is found in the boreal forests of Northern and Central Europe to Siberia usually at the edges of clearings.
 Pellifronia jungi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Orthomegas frischeiseni is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lackerbeck in 1998. It is found in Peru Bolivia and Brazil.
 Cephalotes palustris is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Hippocampus bargibanti also known as Bargibant's seahorse or the pygmy seahorse is a seahorse of the family Syngnathidae found in the western central Pacific Ocean. It is tiny usually less than 2 centimetres (0.79 in) in size and lives exclusively on fan corals. There are two known color variations: grey with red tubercles and yellow with orange tubercles. It is unknown whether these color varieties are linked to specific host gorgonians.
 Eugyrinus is an extinct genus of dendrerpetontid temnospondyl.
 Acrocercops doloploca is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 The Allan's Lerista (Lerista allanae) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found only in Australia.It is listed as Critically Endangered under the IUCN Red List and as Endangered on Queensland's Nature Conservation Act 1992.
 Microdes melanocausta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (including Tasmania the type location).
 The Bruno's casque-headed frog (Aparasphenodon brunoi) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The red-tailed pipe snake Cylindrophis ruffus is a snake species found in Southeast Asia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Lampronia aeripennella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Sweden Finland France Austria Italy and Romania.The wingspan is 13–19 mm. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed in the bark of Pyrus communis and related species.
 Fossarus erythraoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.
 The Eastern Boxelder Twig Borer Moth (Proteoteras willingana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Canada and the eastern United States west through the Great Plains.The wingspan is 15-25 mm. Adults are grey-mottled with wings with a white to pale brown fuscous ground colour overlaid with streaks rings and clusters of yellowish tan to black scales. Adults are on wing from late June to late July in Canada.The larvae feed on Acer negundo and possibly other Acer species.
 Ceryx claremonti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Heylaerts in 1890. It is found on Sumatra and Java.
 Dialectica hedemanni is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Canary Islands and Madeira.The larvae feed on Lavatera acerifolia Lavatera arborea Lavatera phoenicea Malva neglecta Malva parviflora and Malva sylvestris. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a broad epidermal corridor. In the end it becomes a full depth transparent blotch. Some silk is deposited inside the mine and the blotch is hardly puckered.
 Ductina is a genus of extinct small to average sized eyeless phacopid trilobite that lived during the Devonian.
 Argopecten purpuratus common names the Peruvian scallop is an edible species of saltwater clam a scallop a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae the scallops.
 The schelly (Coregonus stigmaticus) is a designation for four populations of freshwater whitefish in the English Lake District Cumbria. The native populations of this fish inhabit the Brothers Water Haweswater Red Tarn and Ullswater and occupy a total area of about 20 square kilometers. Apart from Haweswater the populations appear stable.At Haweswater the fishery officers are now culling all of the cormorants that visit the lake in order to protect the endangered fish.
 Endotricha lobibasalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in Australia the Dampier Archipelago New Guinea China (Hainan) and Indonesia.
 Alopochen is a genus of the bird family Anatidae part of the subfamily Tadorninae along with the shelducks. It contains one extant species the Egyptian Goose (Alopochen aegyptiacus) and two or three species which became extinct in the last 1000 years or so.
 Hellinsia angela is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 19 mm. The forewings are shining white and the markings are pale ferruginous. The hindwings and fringes are shining white. Adults are on wing in January at an altitude of 3500 m.
 Sufetula chagosalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to the Chagos Archipelago.
 Amsactoides solitaria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 The yellow-tipped nudibranch Caloria sp. 2 as designated by Gosliner 1987 is a species of sea slug specifically an aeolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
 Syringopora is an extinct genus of phaceloid tabulate coral. It has been found in the Columbus Limestone in Ohio and in the Spring Branch Member of the Lecompton Limestone in Kansas.
 Batrachedra garritor is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona.
 Conus otohimeae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Cousin German (Protolampra sobrina) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe east to Siberia Altai Irkutsk Kamchatka and Korea.The wingspan is 34–39 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Rosa acicularis Sorbus aucuparia Calluna vulgaris and Vaccinium uliginosum.
 Lepidochrysops neonegus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of areas with short grass in thornbush-Combretum savanna Acacia savanna and open habitats at altitudes between 900 and 1800 meters.Adults feed from the flowers of lamiates species. They have been recorded in February May and June. The species is thought to be seasonal.The larvae feed on Lamiaceae species. They are associated with harvester-ants of the Messor genus.
 Common names: plain mountain adder hornless adder. Cape puff adder.Bitis inornata is a venomous viper species found only in Cape Province South Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The parrot subfamily Agapornithinae consists of three genera the lovebirds (Agapornis) the hanging parrots (Loriculus) and the Guaiabero (Bolbopsittacus lunulatus).
 Chaerocina meridionalis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from highland forests in southern Tanzania and Malawi.It is similar to Chaerocina dohertyi but the black band of the hindwing is displaced towards the margin leaving only a very narrow pink terminal fringe which is broader and always reaches the apex.
 Pycnodus (from Greek for crowded teeth) is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish ranging from the Cretaceous to Eocene periods. As its name suggests it is the type genus of Pycnodontiformes. The known whole fossils of Pycnodus are around 12 centimetres (5 in) long and have a superficial resemblance to angelfish or butterflyfish.
 Kinixys is a genus of turtles in the family Testudinidae. They are native to Africa and commonly known as hinged tortoises.Most of the Kinixys species are omnivores. They feed mainly on a wide range of different leaves weeds roots flowers and fruits; however they also eat worms insects and other small invertebrates.
 The Crowned Solitary Eagle (Buteogallus coronatus) typically known simply as the Crowned Eagle (leading to potential confusion with the African Stephanoaetus coronatus) is an endangered bird of prey from eastern and central South America. This is a large raptor with a length of 73–79 cm (29–31 in) a wingspan of 170–183 cm (67–72 in) and an average weight of 2.95 kg (6.5 lbs.) Adults are almost entirely gray with a large occipital crest and a short black-and-white-banded tail.
 Fusigobius is a genus of coral reef inhabiting gobies found throughout the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.
 The Pebas stubfoot toad (Atelopus spumarius) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is native to Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru and Suriname.
 Schistura tigrina is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Myrmecocichla is a genus of chat bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. Thamnolaea is a synonym.It contains the following species: Anteater Chat (Myrmecocichla aethiops) White-fronted Black Chat (Myrmecocichla albifrons) Arnot's Chat (Myrmecocichla arnoti) Ruaha Chat (Myrmecocichla collaris) Ant-eating Chat (Myrmecocichla formicivora) Rüppell's Black Chat (Myrmecocichla melaena) Congo Moor Chat (Myrmecocichla tholloni) Sooty Chat (Myrmecocichla nigra)
 The Bornean Forktail (Enicurus borneensis) is a small black and white bird with a long and deeply forked tail in the Old World flycatcher family. It is endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo where it occupies streamside habitats in montane primary forest.
 The Black-ringed White-eye or Lemon-throated White-eye (Zosterops anomalus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Amalda siberutensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Black-shouldered Nightjar (Caprimulgus nigriscapularis) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.
 St. Gatien (1881–after 1906) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In 1884 he was involved in the second and final dead heat in the history of the Epsom Derby part of an unbeaten sequence of twelve races. St.
 Amata teinopera is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found on Borneo.
 Perrotia silvestralis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Madagascar (north to the Antankara region). The habitat consists of forests.
 Loxogenius opacipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Loxogenius.
 The Balao halfbeak Hemiramphus balao (occasionally shortened to Balao) is an ocean-going species of fish in the family Hemiramphidae. It was first described by the French naturalist Charles Alexandre Lesueur in 1821.
 The greater dwarf shrew (Suncus lixus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Namibia Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.
 Cheirodopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.
 Joculator furvus is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 Peridroma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Yellowfin croaker (Umbrina roncador) is a species of croaker occurring from the Gulf of California Mexico to Point Conception California. They frequent bays channels harbors and other nearshore waters over sandy bottoms. These croakers are more abundant along beaches during the summer months and may move to deeper water in winter. There is no set size limit for the yellowfin croaker.Other common names include yellowfin drum Catalina croaker yellowtailed croaker and golden croaker.
 Common names: mountain pitviper mountain viper more.Ovophis monticola is a venomous pitviper species found in Asia. Currently five subspecies are recognized including the nominate subspecies described here. Recent taxonomic work suggests that most of these should be considered as separate species. IUCN has already evaluated O. m. makazayazaya as Ovophis makazayazaya.
 Charaxes eupale the Common Green Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola Zambia the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Sudan Rwanda Kenya Tanzania and Malawi.
 Hemipristis curvatus is an extinct species of weasel shark which existed during the Eocene period. It was described by Dames in 1883.
 Megasecoptera is a paleozoic insect order. There are 22 known families of megasecopterans with about 35 known genera.
 Pachydota striata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1893. It is found in Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru.
 The Pacific Gull (Larus pacificus) is a very large gull native to the coasts of Australia.
 Eupithecia plumasata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are smoky grey. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to August and in December.
 Eudonia epimystis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Yponomeuta plumbella is a lepidoptera from the family Yponomeutidae the Ermine moths. The wingspan of the moth ranges from 16 to 20 millimeter.The imago is clearly distinguishable from other related moths because of the distinguished black mark in the middle of the inner rim of the forward wing and the black marking at the tip of the forward wing.
 Alloclemensia americana is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in north-eastern North America.
 Cosmopterix etmylaurae is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Costa Rica.
 Hadrothemis camarensis is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Scodiomima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Carabus exiguus fanianus is a bronze-coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Shaanxi China.
 The silver moony also known as mono argentus silver moonfish fingerfish or Malayan angel is a perciform fish usually found in the Red Sea and East Africa to Samoa north to the Yaeyama Islands south to New Caledonia and Australia. The silver moony has a silver body in a triangular shape. The big eyes are crossed by a dark ray. Its fins are silver with yellow reflection. Both yellow and dark colouring are fading with age.
 Buprestoidea is a superfamily of beetles. It contains two families: Buprestidae Leach 1815 the jewel beetles or metallic wood-boring beetles. Schizopodidae LeConte 1861↑ ↑
 Parachrysina borealis is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.
 Isospidia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 The Mountain Swiftlet (Aerodramus hirundinaceus) is a species of swift in the family Apodidae. It is endemic to the island of New Guinea and the nearby islands of Karkar Yapen and Goodenough. It was once placed in the genus Collocalia but has been moved with many others to Aerodramus. The species is divided into three subspecies with the nominate A. h. hirundinacea ranging over most of New Guinea the subspecies A. h.
 The cucubano Pyrophorus luminosus is a species of click beetle native to the island of Puerto Rico. It is often confused with a firefly because both species emit light from their rear segments. Unlike fireflies however the Cucubano can also emit light from its middle segment thereby giving it the appearance of two headlights and one backlight which it can turn off independently.
 Carpenter bees (the genus Xylocopa in the subfamily Xylocopinae) are large bees distributed worldwide. There are some 500 species of carpenter bee in 31 subgenera. Their name comes from the fact that nearly all species build their nests in burrows in dead wood bamboo or structural timbers (except those in the subgenus Proxylocopa which nest in the ground). Members of the related tribe Ceratinini are sometimes referred to as small carpenter bees.
 Arca is a genus of saltwater clams in the family Arcidae the ark clams.
 Euphaedra medon the Widespread Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Ethiopia Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia.
 Schistura obeini is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Agaraea nigrotuberata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bryk in 1953. It is found in Brazil.
 Acco is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 The Western Apamea (Apamea occidens) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is native to western North America as far east as Alberta and Kansas.The forewing length is 18 to 23 mm. It is mottled gray with reddish areas in the middle. It is nocturnal and flies during the summer. The larva is a cutworm that feeds on grasses.
 Pigritia fidella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including Pennsylvania Maine and Washington DC.The wingspan is about 12 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in June and July.
 Boeomimetes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Boeomimetes atratus Peringuey 1896 Boeomimetes confusus Basilewsky 1948 Boeomimetes ephippium Boheman 1946 Boeomimetes jeanneli Basilewsky 1946↑
 Ceralocyna parkeri is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak in 1964.
 Beriotisia copahuensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Maule Region and Guarello Island in Chile and the Neuquén Province of Argentina.The wingspan is 34-42 mm. Adults are on wing in January.
 The Guam flying fox (Pteropus tokudae) also known as the little Marianas fruit bat was a tiny megabat from Guam in the Marianas Islands in Micronesia that was confirmed extinct due to hunting or habitat changes. It was first recorded in 1931 and was observed roosting with the larger and much more common Marianas flying fox. The last specimen was a female found roosting at Tarague cliff in March 1967 but it escaped capture.
 Oreochromis leucostictus is a species of cichlid originally native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. It has now been introduced widely in central Africa and is accused of having a negative ecological impact in some areas where introduced. This species can reach a length of 36.3 centimetres (14.3 in) SL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade and experiments aimed at farming this species have been conducted.
 Diplommatina gibboni s a species of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Hermit crabs are decapod crustaceans of the superfamily Paguroidea. Most of the 1100 species possess an asymmetrical abdomen which is concealed in an empty gastropod shell carried around by the hermit crab.
 Hoplocorypha bottegi is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia Somalia and Tanzania.
 The Hottentot Teal (Anas hottentota) is a species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas. It is migratory resident in eastern and southern Africa from Sudan and Ethiopia west to Niger and Nigeria and south to South Africa and Namibia. In west Africa and Madagascar it is sedentary.The Hottentot Teal breed year round depending on rainfall and stay in small groups or pairs. They build nests above water in tree stumps and use vegetation.
 Amerila vitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Plötz in 1880. It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Fasso Cameroon the Republic of Congo The Democratic Republic of Congo Eritrea Gambia Ghana Ivory Coast Kenya Liberia Madagascar Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Calycina sudanensis is a species of beetle in the Calycina genus. It was described in 1968.
 Isometrus formosus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
 The Malayan pygmy shrew (Suncus malayanus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Malaysia and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 The Lake Victoria deepwater catfish (Xenoclarias eupogon) is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Clariidae. It is monotypic within the genus Xenoclarias. This species is endemic to Lake Victoria and is found in deeper areas of the lake from 12 to 20 metres (39–66 ft). This species is threatened with extinction or may already be extinct due to predation by the introduced Nile Perch as well as other recent ecological changes. This species grows to about 20 cm (7.9 in) SL.
 Eulitoma insignis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Mitromorpha salisburyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Cresera optima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Guyana Amazonas Ecuador and Colombia.
 The Western Clubtail (Gomphus pulchellus) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae. It is found in Western Europe although absent in the British isles. Its natural habitat are clean ponds and canals clay and mud holes.The species is 47–50 mm long.
 Xenomelanophila miranda is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Xenomelanophila.
 Bathytoma oldhami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Panoblemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hemiptilocera is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and contains the species H. chionographella. It is known from Peru.
 Metacrinus rotundus the Japanese sea lily is a marine invertebrate a species of stalked crinoid in the family Isselicrinidae. It is a deep water species and is found off the west coast of Japan.
 Chrostosoma tricolor is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1868. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Batillaria attramentaria common name the Japanese false cerith is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae.
 Mesopithecus (middle monkey) is an extinct genus of Old World monkey that lived in Europe and western Asia 7 to 5 million years ago. It was once thought that it might be an ancestor of the grey langur but a more recent study suggests that they are more closely related to the snub-nosed monkeys and doucs. Mesopithecus resembled a modern macaque with a body length of about 40 centimetres (16 in).
 Cetopsidium pemon is a species of whale catfish found in the Caroni River and the Caura River basins southern tributaries of the Orinoco in eastern Venezuela the Meta River basin of the western portions of the Orinoco system in eastern Colombia and the upper portions of the Branco River in northern Brazil.
 Gladiateur (1862–1876) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who won the English Triple Crown in 1865. Gladiateur is called a legend by France Galop and One of the best horses ever to grace the turf in any century by the National Sporting Library of Middleburg Virginia. Gladiateur was not very successful as a sire but his performance on the track remains one of the most impressive in Thoroughbred horse racing history.
 Alvania corneti is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Dichochrysa arcuata is a species of green lacewing.
 Trophon melvillsmithi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pappa Fourway (1952–1978) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He was one of the outstanding specialist sprinters of the twentieth century and one of the best horses trained in the North of England. After winning four times as a two-year-old in 1954 he was the dominant European sprinter of 1955 when he was undefeated in eight races including the King's Stand Stakes July Cup and Diadem Stakes.
 The Bokhara Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus bocharicus) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Afghanistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan and possibly in Iran (Islamic Republic of) and Pakistan.
 Dendropsophus marmoratus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nebulosa fulvipalpis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found on mid elevations on the western slope of the Andes from Cali Colombia south to Pichincha Ecuador.
 Brandt’s Ground Squirrel (Spermophilus brevicauda) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in eastern Kazakhstan and the northern half of the Xinjiang region of China.A generic revision of the genus was undertaken in 2007 which helped resolve the uncertainty as to whether this species should be considered a subspecies of Spermophilus erythrogenys. A phylogeny based on molecular sequence data determined that S. brevicauda was indeed a separate species from S.
 Ctenosia inornata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon).The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are white tinged with ochreous and flecked with light brown. The postmedial line is dusky and only distinct on the costa as a blackish-brown spot. The hindwings are whitish.
 Lirularia is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Epistocavea mururoa is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Epistocavea.
 The Sandstone Snake-necked Turtle Chelodina (Macrochelodina) burrungandjii (Chelidae: Pleurodira) is a medium-sized turtle reaching carapace lengths of 316 mm. The species is found in the sandstone plateaus and escarpments and the plunge pools of Arnhem Land of the Northern Territory and the Kimberley Region of Western Australia.
 Pilodeudorix nirmo is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Thelosia jorgenseni is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1927. It is found in Paraguay.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The forewings are cinnamon buff the base shaded with cinnamon. The hindwings are clay color but the termen are cinnamon buff.
 Caicella is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Scaly Thrush (Zoothera dauma) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae. One of its subspecies was named after the English naturalist Gilbert White.
 Equulites is a genus of ponyfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Zodarion vanimpei is a spider species found in Spain.
 The Ceiba stream frog Ptychohyla spinipollex is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dysgonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. Many species moved to other genera (including Bastilla Buzara Pindara and Macaldenia) by Holloway & Miller in 2003. Also many species were included in the Parallelia genus.
 The Slaty-legged Crake or Banded Crake (Rallina eurizonoides) is a waterbird in the rail and crake family Rallidae.
 Eois muscularia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Thyrophorella is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Thyrophorellidae.
 Amberoderma beali is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Amberoderma.
 Tritonoturris capensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Prosotera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Oxycanus toxopeusi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Kankatodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Phylliroidae are a family of nudibranch sea snails highly adapted to a pelagic lifestyle and occurring in tropical surface waters around the globe. The two species of the genus Phylliroe and Cephalopyge trematoides that have been assigned to this family are small to average in size (up to 5.5 centimetres or 2.2 inches) slender and highly transparent. They swim by undulating their whole body. Their foot is very small which helps to reduce drag.
 Thersana is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Sunny's Halo (February 11 1980 - June 3 2003) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who became only the second Canadian-bred to win the Kentucky Derby and who as of 2006 is the all-time leading sire by progeny earnings in the state of Texas. Foaled at Oshawa Ontario Sunny's Halo was owned and bred by Toronto stockbroker David J. Foster. The horse won 7 of 11 races at age two but stress fractures in both front shins ended his season earlier than planned.
 Cerithidea anticipata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.
 The family Dasypodaidae (originally named Dasypodidae although that name had already been taken) is a small bee family with more than 100 species in eight genera found in Africa and the northern temperate zone primarily in xeric habitats.They are typically small to moderate-sized bees with shaggy scopae and are commonly oligolectic (e.g. Hesperapis regularis). All members of this family have two submarginal cells in the forewing.
 Auriculella ambusta is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Xylophanes fernandezi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Colombia and Venezuela.The length of the forewings is 44-47 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes tersa tersa and Xylophanes resta but differs in its dark monotonous appearance. The head and thorax are dark brown to brown-black dorsally. The dorsal scaling of the antenna is dirty white. The abdomen is ash-brown dorsally with five dark longitudinal lines. The basal black patches are present.
 Bolbe pygmaea is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bolbe in the order Mantodea.
 Riley’s Skolly (Thestor rileyi) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the West Cape from the Helderberg and Paarl Mountain to the Kouebokkeveldberg Piketberg and Paardeberg mountain ranges.The wingspan is 24–36 mm for males and 32.5–41 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late November to early January with a peak in December.
 Scopula beccarii is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Eritrea.
 Lamontopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
 The Dominican gambusia Gambusia dominicensis is a species of freshwater fish. It is a member of the family Poeciliidae of order Cyprinodontiformes. It is native to Central America. Spread through the aquarium trade it is an invasive species in some parts of the world.
 Austrodaphnella clathrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Black-rimmed Prominent Moth Fissured Prominent or False-sphinx (Pheosia rimosa) is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found from coast to coast in North America although it is less common in the south-eastern United States.The wingspan is 43–62 mm. Adults are dark black-brown and white. The forewings are white with a dark strip along the costa and along the entire lower margin. The hindwings are white with a dark blotch in the anal angle.
 Eudiptera is a suborder of Diptera under an alternative subordinal classification based largely on fossil taxa; it has not gained wide acceptance among non-paleontological dipterists and is presented here for comparative purposes only.All of the taxa included in Eudiptera are also members of the Nematocera and the latter is the preferred grouping; both are paraphyletic.pt:Nematocera
 The Pygmy White-eye (Oculocincta squamifrons) also known as the Pygmy Ibon is a species of bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. It is monotypic within the genus Oculocincta.[citation needed]
 Metrioptera domogledi is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It is found in Hungary and Romania.
 Liponyssoides sanguineus is a species of mite. It infests Mus musculus.It can transmit human disease.It can transmit Rickettsia akari which causes rickettsialpox.It was previously known as Allodermanyssus sanguineus.
 Beach conger Conger japonicus is a conger of the family Congridae. It is widespread in the North-Western Pacific ocean near the coasts of Japan Korean peninsula and Taiwan. Marine demersal fish up to 1.4 m length.
 Dypterygia caliginosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Russian Far East the Korean Peninsula and Japan.The wingspan ranges from 38–45 mm.
 Satyrium mera is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Japan.
 The Antarctic springtail Cryptopygus antarcticus is a species of springtail native to Antarctica and Australia. Cryptopygus antarcticus average 1–2 millimetres (0.04–0.08 in) long and weigh only a few micrograms.
 Briaraula are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Mastigodryas is a genus of colubrid snakes. Like some other colubrids they are commonly called racers. It is a Neotropical genus with members distributed from Mexico to Argentina and several islands in the Caribbean. Some authorities use the older genus name Dryadophis for these species.
 Tobin Bronze (1962–1994) was an Australian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who competed with great success during the 1960s.A chestnut son of Arctic Explorer from the Masthead mare Amarco he proved to be a crowd favourite due to his stunning good looks and winning 24 of his 44 Australian race starts.His record in weight for age races was impeccable starting 16 times for 12 wins 3 seconds and 1 third.This did not preclude him from also winning many races under handicap conditions with quality races such as the 1967 VATC Caulfield Cup carrying 9 st 10 lb (61.5 kg) as well as the AJC Doncaster Handicap with 9 st 5 lb (59.5 kg) amongst his great wins. 
 Aechmophorusis a genus of birds in the grebe family.It has two living representatives breeding in western North America.Western Grebe Aechmophorus occidentalisClark's Grebe Aechmophorus clarkiiOne prehistoric species has been described from fossil remains:Aechmophorus elasson (Late Pliocene of W USA) Although the two living species look very similar bill shape and coloration as well as feathering around the scarlet eye of the bird can be used to determine the precise species.
 Phiditia is a genus of moths of the Phiditiidae family.
 Microstomini is a tribe of fish in the Pleuronectinae subfamily.
 Coptodisca ostryaefoliella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Clemens in 1861. It is found in North America including Ohio.
 Henricus platanillanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (San Luis Potosí).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive cream with grey andochreous suffusions and spots. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.
 The Northern Brown-throated Weaver (Ploceus castanops) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.
 The Western Red-billed Hornbill (Tockus kempi) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.It is found from Senegal and Gambia to southern Mauritania and western Mali. All five Red-billed Hornbills were formerly considered conspecific.
 Hovala dispar is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in central and eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Cosmetodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The squirrel monkeys are the New World monkeys of the genus Saimiri. They are the only genus in the subfamily Saimirinae. The name of the genus Saimiri is of Tupi origin (sai-mirim or gai-mbirin < sai 'monkey' and mirim 'small') and was also used as an English name by early researchers.Squirrel monkeys live in the tropical forests of Central and South America in the canopy layer. Most species have parapatric or allopatric ranges in the Amazon while S.
 Scopula acentra is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Cuneisigna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The cave salamander (Eurycea lucifuga) also known as the spotted-tail salamander is a species of brook salamander.
 Aphthona cyparissiae is a species of leaf beetle known as the brown dot leafy spurge flea beetle. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious weed leafy spurge (Euphorbia esula).The adult beetle is light golden brown and about 3 millimeters long. The female lays eggs on or near leafy spurge its host plant during the summer months. The white larva emerges in about two weeks and feeds on the roots and root hairs.
 Brazieria velata is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae the true glass snails. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 The Anchariidae are a family of catfishes containing two genera Ancharius and Gogo. Anchariids are a strictly freshwater group endemic to Madagascar. Anchariids are characterized by the presence of fringed barbels and a reduced anterior nuchal plate.Traditionally Ancharius is classified in Ariidae. The general consensus in recent years is that anchariids are members of Ariidae and do not warrant family rank.
 Pyroderces caesaris is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Spain Sardinia Sicily Italy Croatia Greece Bulgaria Romania Moldova and Ukraine.The wingspan is 13–15 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to the beginning of fall in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Echinops ruthenicus Centaurea orientalis Centaurea salonitana and Cirsium sublaniflorum. They bore the flowers of their host plant and mainly feed on young fruit.
 Karana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sinum is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Dipaenae moesta is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
 Teyuwasu is a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Late Triassic. Named by Edio-Ernst Kischlat in 1999 little is known about this genus; the type species T. barbarenai was named from leg bones (a femur and a tibia) discovered in paleorrota geopark Brazil. The specific name honors Dr. Mário Costa Barberena a South American paleontologist. Teyuwasu means big lizard in the Tupi language. The holotype 1933L 53-54 is held at Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich.
 The red fanworm Protula bispiralis also known as a mopworm is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Serpulidae.
 Amphitrota is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leptostylus cristulatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Hylodes amnicola is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Heroic (1921–1939) was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won 21 races from 5 furlongs (1000 metres) to 2 miles (1600 m) and was a Leading sire in Australia.
 Metopistis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mordellistena multicarinata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1944.
 Acrochordonichthys mahakamensis is a species of catfish of the family Akysidae. A detailed discussion of this species's relationship with the other members of its genus can be found on Acrochordonichthys.
 Partula langfordi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to the Northern Mariana Islands.
 Malacoctenus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean.
 Coenodomus trichasema is a species of snout moth in the genus Coenodomus. It is known from Sri Lanka.
 Oidaematophorus rileyi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America (including California and Alberta).The wingspan is 29–31 millimetres (1.1–1.2 in). The head thorax and forewings are pale brownish white or bone colour and the back of the head and collar are dull cinnamon brown. The forewings are more or less sprinkled with brown scales especially along the costa and on the outer half of the cell.
 The Lesser Spotted Woodpecker (Picoides minor) is a member of the woodpecker family Picidae. It is sometimes assigned to the genus Dendrocopos (sometimes incorrectly spelt as Dendrocopus).The range of the Lesser Spotted Woodpecker is the Palearctic region but several subspecies are recognised.
 The Tailed Black-eye (Leptomyrina hirundo) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from South Africa to the coast of eastern Kenya and Malawi. In South Africa it is found in warm wooded Savannah from the East Cape to coastal KwaZulu-Natal and inland in riverine forest to Swaziland Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 19–24 mm for males and 19.5–26 mm for females.
 Oncorhynchus lacustris (syn. Rhabdofario lacustris) is an extinct species of prehistoric freshwater trout from the late Miocene to late Pliocene of Western North America. Its fossils have been found in lacustrine deposits in what is now Idaho.
 Chiloglanis asymetricaudalis is a species of upside-down catfish native to Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Tanzania where it can be found in the Rusizi and Luiche Rivers. This species grows to a length of 76 centimetres (30 in) SL.
 Gemmula cosmoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Skipperlings are butterflies in the subfamily Heteropterinae. With about 150 described species this is one of several smallish skipper butterfly subfamilies.
 Pristipomoides is a genus of snappers native to the Atlantic Indian and Pacific oceans.The currently recognized species in this genus are: Pristipomoides aquilonaris (Goode & T. H. Bean 1896) (wenchman) Pristipomoides argyrogrammicus (Valenciennes 1832) (ornate jobfish) Pristipomoides auricilla (D. S. Jordan Evermann & S. Tanaka (I) 1927) (goldflag jobfish) Pristipomoides filamentosus (Valenciennes] 1830) (crimson jobfish crimson snapper) Pristipomoides flavipinnis S.
 Hebia cinerea is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Hebia of the family Tachinidae.
 Ecsenius mandibularis known commonly as the Queensland blenny in Australia is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean including the southern edge of the Great Barrier Reef. It can reach a maximum length of 7.5 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 Wardoceras is an extinct nautiloid genus from the late Early Ordovician of Western Utah assigned to the orthocerid family MichelinoceratidaeShells of Wardoceras are smooth and orchoconic with a circular cross section and small subcental siphuncle the segments of which are ventrally straight and dorsally slightly expanded into the camerae.
 Aniana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lernaeodiscidae is a family of parasitic barnacles. They belong to the bizarre and highly apomorphic superorder Rhizocephala and therein to the less diverse of the two orders the Kentrogonida. The Lernaeodiscidae are one of the smallish families of Rhizocephala though the only one among the Kentrogonida (which otherwise contain the two larger rhizocephalan families). The family contains three genera: Lernaeodiscus Müller 1862 Septodiscus Van Baal 1937 and Triangulus Smith 1906.
 Elachista maculata is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the Republic of Macedonia Bulgaria and Turkey.
 Balacra haemalea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of CongoEquatorial Guinea and Gabon.
 Nyctixalus moloch is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is found in India possibly Bhutan and possibly China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and shrub-dominated wetlands.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cyanopepla bella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Guérin-Méneville in 1844. It is found in Mexico Guatemala and Honduras.
 Haliotis jacnensis common name : the Jacna abalone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.There is one subspecies: Haliotis jacnensis kershawi Owen 2012
 The broadnose catshark Apristurus investigatoris is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae the holotype and only specimen being found in deep water in the Andaman Sea in the Indian Ocean between 16 and 10°N. Its length is 26 cm although this was an immature specimen.Reproduction is oviparous.
 The zebra oto or tiger oto (Otocinclus cocama) is a fish of the genus Otocinclus of the family Loricariidae that originates from Peru.
 Idaea poecilocrossa is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in northern Madagascar and on the Seychelles.This species has a wingspan of 9-13mm. The forewings are narrow with a very long cell; whitish; easily recognizable by its thick sinous postmedian line placed close to termen and its violet-grey subterminal shading brown costal edge and fringe. The cell dot is black median line nearly straight. The hindwings are distally similar to the forewings.
 Lucapina eolis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Clavus paroeca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Slender-billed Starling (Onychognathus tenuirostris) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.
 Pyrgulina difficilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Menegites is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.
 Onchidella oniscioides is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 The lesser forest shrew (Sylvisorex oriundus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo where its type locality is Medje. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 River stingrays or freshwater stingrays are Neotropical freshwater fishes of the Potamotrygonidae family (order Myliobatiformes).They are native to northern central and eastern South America living in rivers that drain into the Caribbean and into the Atlantic as far south as the Río de la Plata in Argentina.
 Lichnoptera moesta is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in South America including Venezuela.
 Polymastia umbraculum is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Polymastiidae. It is only known from rocky subtidal habitats around Kawau Island off the North Island of New Zealand.This is a thickly encrusting sponge with a very firm texture growing in loosely attached patches up to 7 cm across. The granular outer layer is brilliant yellow-orange with a rather darker interior carrying many symbiont foraminifera. It is often infested with the parasitic amphipod Polycheria antarctica.
 Ptilodus is a genus of mammals from the extinct order of Multituberculata and lived during the Paleocene in North America.Ptilodus was a relatively large multituberculate of 30 to 50 centimetres (12 to 20 in) in length which is about the same size as a squirrel. Its feet legs and long tail suggest it was a good climber so it very possibly led a squirrel-like lifestyle.The genus was named by paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1881.
 Gobipalpa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Asura uniformeola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1910. It is found on Borneo and Taiwan.
 Neolamprologus falcicula is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the waters off of Burundi. This species can reach a length of 8.1 centimetres (3.2 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Transtillaspis nedyma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo and Zamora-Chinchipe Provinces).The wingspan is 19-20.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ochreous with an orange hue and tinged with grey in the tornal and terminal parts of the wing. The hindwings are greyish brown but paler basally and with an ochreous anal portion.
 The Visayan Hornbill (Penelopides panini) is a hornbill found in rainforests on the islands of Panay Negros Masbate and Guimaras and formerly Ticao in the Philippines. It formerly included all other Philippine tarictic hornbills as subspecies in which case the common name of the 'combined species' was shortened to Tarictic Hornbill.
 Halolimnohelix is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Halolimnohelicidae. Halolimnohelix is the type genus of the family Halolimnohelicidae.
 Ctenodes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ctenodes decemmaculata Olivier 1807 Ctenodes geniculata Klug 1825 Ctenodes guianensis Dalens Tavakilian & Touroult 2009 Ctenodes zonata Klug 1825↑
 Askepasma is an extinct brachiopod which existed in what is now Australia and southern China during the Lower Cambrian. It was described by Laurie in 1986 and the type species is A. toddense. Other species are A. transversalis described from Guizhou China by Peng et al. in 2010 and A. saproconcha which was described by Timothy P. Topper et al. in 2012. A. saproconcha is the oldest known southern Australian brachiopod from the lower Cambrian.
 Tomigerus is a genus of air-breathing tropical land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Odontostomidae.
 Proteuxoa capularis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania and Victoria.
 The Bamenda Apalis (Apalis bamendae) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and dry savanna.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Brenthia is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.
 Coleophora vermiculatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern Spain.The wingspan is 9.5-11.5 mm.The larvae feed on Salsola vermiculata. Young larvae feed on the infructescence. Later they feed on the fruit. They create a trivalved case of 6-7 mm long with a mouth angle of 80-85°.
 The Homerus swallowtail or Jamaican giant swallowtail Papilio homerus is the largest swallowtail butterfly in the Western Hemisphere and the largest species in the genus Papilio with an average wingspan of about 15 centimetres (5.9 in) (the African giant swallowtail has a larger wingspan but this is mainly due to its elongated forewings).
 Caloptilia rhodinella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Albania Austria Croatia Germany Hungary Italy Romania Serbia Switzerland Turkey the European part of Russia India and China (Sichuan).The larvae feed on Quercus species including Quercus robur.
 Chlamys swifti common name Swift's scallop is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.
 Mesothen inconspicuata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1911. It is found in Guyana.
 Ornithodoros kelleyi is an argasid tick parasite of bats found widely throughout North America in caves and other natural and man-made features that harbor bats. The species has not been shown to be a major vector of pathogens.
 Stictane taeniatus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1916. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Caspian Shrew (Crocidura caspica) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found along the southern coast of the Caspian Sea in Iran and Azerbaijan.
 Pseudosimnia carnea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Nucella lamellosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Amietophrynus garmani is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Botswana Ethiopia Kenya Mozambique Namibia Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens urban areas and ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Armintomys was a genus of extinct rodent from North America related to jerboas and jumping mice. It is the only genus in the family Armintomyidae.
 The shrike-tyrants Agriornis are a genus of bird in the tyrant-flycatcher family (Tyrannidae). The members of this genus are found in open habitats in western and southern South America usually at high elevations. They are large and heavy billed by tyrant-flycatcher standards and include the largest representative of the family the Great Shrike-Tyrant. These five species all have a dull brownish or greyish plumage. Despite their name any similarity with the shrikes is superficial.
 The brassy trevally Caranx papuensis (also known as the brassy kingfish Papuan trevally tea-leaf trevally and green back trevally) is a species of large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The brassy trevally is distributed throughout the tropical waters of the Indian and West Pacific Oceans ranging from South Africa in the west to the Marquesas Islands in the east including Australia to the south and Japan in the north.
 Eulepidotis penumbra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana and Guyana.
 Holospira is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Urocoptidae.Holospira is the type genus of the subfamily 'Holospirinae Pilsbry 1946'.
 Piliscus commodus is a species of small sea snail with a transparent internal shell a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae. Because the shell is mostly internal the snail resembles a sea slug in general appearance.
 Eojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Nassaria corollaria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Phenacolepas is a genus of small sea snails that have a limpet-like or patelliform shell. These are marine gastropod mollusks in the family Phenacolepadidae.
 Calamodontophis paucidens is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.It is found in Brazil and Uruguay.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Actinoleuca campbelli macquariensis is a subspecies of sea snail or true limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae one family of true limpets.
 The yellow-faced turtle (Emydura tanybaraga Cann 1997) is a medium sized aquatic turtle inhabiting rivers streams and permanent water bodies across much of northern Australia.
 Matsutaroa iljai [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines and found on Masbate Negros and Panay Islands. Forewing length is 18-20mm. The appearance of male and female is quite different. On Mt. Canlaon of Negros it occurs once a year(June to August) and frequently found on red flowers.
 Parevia methaemia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Stenalia sefrensis is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1924 by Chobaut.
 Hypareva is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Rhagoletis persimilis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 Punctapinella viridargentea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).The wingspan is 19.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is silver white strigulated with greenish olive with rows of scales. The terminal area is suffused with brownish and the markings are dark grey spotted with blackish. The hindwings are white tinged with pale brownish.
 Ancylostoma pluridentatum is a species of parasitic hookworm that infects wild species of cats. This hookworm is found in the tropical and sub-tropical parts of the Western Hemisphere.
 Fulgoraria daviesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Rhetenor is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Spiders in this genus are beetle mimics.The name of the genus is a literary reference. In Ovid's Metamorphoses Rhetenor was a companion of Diomedes.
 Eupithecia carneata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Utah and Arizona.The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in August and September.
 Partulina ustulata is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Lethrinops stridei is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 55 metres (49 to 180 ft) in areas with sandy substrates. This species grows to a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) SL.
 Euchrysops mauensis the Mau Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania Rwanda Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu). The habitat consists of open grassland.
 Rhyssoplax clavata is an uncommon species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
 Chorivalva is a genus of moth in the class Gelechiidae.
 The Dark Wanderer Pareronia ceylanica is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in South and South-east Asia.
 Dalla puracensis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
 Parornix retrusella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Crataegus pinnatifida. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Bamra cazeti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is native to Madagascar.The male of this species has a wingspan of 50 mm the forewings are dark grey with 2 black lines.
 Dioptis vacuata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Panama.It is the largest member of the Dioptis genus with females reaching a forewing length of 25 mm.
 Mordellistena aterrima is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1952 by Ermisch.
 Hemicycliophora arenaria is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The Tree Bat (Ardops nichollsi) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is monotypic within the genus Ardops.[citation needed] It is found in Dominica Guadeloupe Martinique Montserrat Netherlands Antilles Saint Lucia Saba and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Euarestoides is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 Archon is a genus of Palaearctic swallowtail butterflies in the subfamily Parnassiiinae. Traditionally only two species have been known: Archon apollinus and Archon apollinaris. Recent studies however have given specific status to a third taxon Archon bostanchii.
 Westollrhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Danuria angusticollis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Danuria.
 Prosopalpus styla the Widespread Dwarf Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon southern Sudan Uganda western Kenya Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of marshy open areas in savanna and forests.Adults males are known to mud-puddle.The larvae feed on Poaceae species.
 The Chestnut-bellied Imperial Pigeon (Ducula brenchleyi) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eulimostraca linearis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Engina lanceola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Mordellistena tosgoniensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1969.
 Helladia humeralis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Iran Turkey and Near East. The length of the species is 5–12 millimetres (0.20–0.47 in). It is black coloured with orange legs and antennae. Adults are on wing from April to June. It feeds on Centaurea hyalolepis which is also its host plant.
 Pseudophaloe latifascia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Peru.
 Nozamichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the late Moscovian stage of the Pennsylvanian epoch.
 Dodanga is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Blackchin shiner (Notropis heterodon) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 The Large Tree Mouse (Pogonomys loriae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Sitochroa palealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 26–34 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Daucus carota Peucedanum oreoselinum and species from the genera Heracleum Foeniculum and Silaum.
 Coeliades ernesti is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. This species originates from Madagascar but had also been introduced to La Réunion and Mauritius (1980). The habitat consists of forests secondary forests and anthropogenic areas.They have a wingspan of around 56mm. The body and the base of its wings are of shining blue wings are black and metallic blue the ventral face of the wings is brown and white.
 Sitona is a large genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae native to the Nearctic and Palaearctic regions. Over 100 species have been described. Sitona is easily distinguished from related genera by flat recumbent scales on the mandibles by the absence of an oval scar on the mandibles by short and broad rostrum with a deep longitudinal median groove and by dense scales on the body.Sitona specialize on legumes plants of the family Fabaceae.
 Motama is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Stejneger's Petrel (Pterodroma longirostris) is a species of seabird and a member of the gadfly petrels. The bird is 26–31 cm in size with a 53–66 cm wingspan.This species is highly pelagic rarely approaching land except to nest and rear young. It occurs in the Pacific Ocean nesting in the Juan Fernández Islands off Chile. It is a transequatorial migrant finding its way to subtropical waters off Japan before returning to its nesting sites.
 Borogothus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
 Autotrichia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Grey-headed Kingfisher (Halcyon leucocephala) has a wide distribution from the Cape Verde Islands off the north-west coast of Africa to Mauritania Senegal and Gambia east to Ethiopia Somalia and southern Arabia and south to South Africa.A dry-country kingfisher of scrub and woodland solitary or in pairs often found near water but unlike most kingfishers is not aquatic.
 Lophocampa propinqua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is known from Mexico.
 The Somali pygmy gerbil (Microdillus peeli) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is the only species in the genus Microdillus. It is found only in Somalia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Nematonotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Lower Cenomanian.
 Hippolyte is a genus of shrimp of the family Hippolytidae containing the following species:
 Prodaticus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Prodaticus africanus Rocchi 1976 Prodaticus pictus Sharp 1882↑
 Endoclita hoesi is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Borneo. Food plants for this species include Elettaria Eucalyptus and Theobroma.
 Omphacodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Skrjabinoptera phrynosoma is a parasitic worm in the phylum Nematoda the most diverse of pseudocoelomates. Like many other parasites the life cycle of S. phrynosoma' is complicated and it involves two hosts – a lizard (the desert horned lizard Phrynosoma platyrhinos) and an ant.The interesting aspect of the life cycle of S. phrynosoma is that the parasitic worm adjusts its life cycle to that of both the ant and the lizard.
 The Hoary Elfin (Callophrys polios) is butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It has a very local distribution from Maine south to New Jersey and in the Appalachian Mountains to Virginia west across the Great Lakes states and the southern prairie provinces and north to Alaska. Along the Pacific Coast it is found to northern California and in the Rocky Mountains south to northern New Mexico.The wingspan is 22–29 mm. The upperside is orangish brown and the underside brown.
 The Colchic nase (Chondrostoma colchicum) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family. Its distribution is south of the Caucasus and it is reported from Russia Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia and Turkey.
 Cosmosoma oratha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1893. It is found in Guyana.
 Gonyleptoidea is the most diverse superfamily of the Grassatores. It includes around 2500 species distributed in the tropics. They are characterized by the simplified male genitalia with the glans free subapical in the truncus.Gonyleptoidea is the only group of harvestmen to show maternal care of offspring.
 Typhlonesiotes swaluwenbergi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Typhlonesiotes.
 Manulea palliatella is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Southern Central and Eastern Europe Asia Minor Iran Afghanistan Central Asia Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The moth flies in August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Trinia glauca and Aster linosyris.
 Jordanita is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.
 Catocala umbrosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Missouri and Louisiana east to Florida and north through New Jersey to Massachusetts and Quebec.Adults are on wing from April to August. There is one generation per year.
 Cochylidia contumescens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Anhui Guangxi Henan Tianjin) Korea Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 9−20 mm.
 Trypeta atilia is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Tebenna agalmatopa is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Sumatra.
 Neocypetes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Neocypetes compactus (Berg 1889) Neocypetes guttulatus (Farimaire & Germain 1858) Neocypetes lethierryi (Thery 1896)↑
 Chloroclystis nudifunda is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia.
 Rolua is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tetragonoderus dissimilis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Basilewsky in 1955.
 Hindsiclava is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 For the Asian Green Mussel see Perna viridis.The Asian mussel scientific name Musculista senhousia (commonly known as the Asian date mussel or bag mussel) is a small saltwater mussel a marine bivalve mollusk species in the family Mytilidae the mussels. Other common names for this species include: the Japanese mussel Senhouse's mussel the green mussel (a name also applied to Perna viridis) and the green bagmussel.
 Notomma is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Megalorhipida is a genus of moths in the family Pterophoridae. Species in this genus are distributed in pantropical and subtropical climates. The species typically nest on hostplants in the families Nyctaginaceae Amaranthaceae FabaceaeGoodeniaceae Asteraceae and Verbenaceae. The generic name is often misspelled as Megalorrhipida.
 The frilled nudibranch Leminda millecra is a species of arminid nudibranch and is only found in South Africa. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lemindidae.
 Mantidactylus ambohitra is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The lemon pleurobranch is a species of sea slug a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Harriotta is a genus of cartilaginous fish in the Rhinochimaeridae family.Some common names for species in the genus include bentnose rabbitfish bigspine spookfish longnose chimaera long-nosed chimaera longnosed chimaera and narrownose chimaera.
 The ornate slider (Trachemys ornata) is turtle belonging to the Trachemys genus of the family Emydidae. It is found in Guerrero Jalisco Nayarit and Sinaloa in western Mexico.
 The Sikkimese caecilian Ichthyophis sikkimensis is a species of caecilian found in India (Sikkim and West Bengal) Nepal and possibly Bhutan. It was described by Edward Harrison Taylor in 1960.
 The Eastern coyote (Canis latrans var.) also known as the New England canid or tweed wolf is a wild canid of mixed eastern wolf-coyote parentage present in New England New York New Jersey Pennsylvania Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador.
 Chalinochromis brichardi is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. It is endemic to Lake Tanganyika.
 The Mountain Barbet (Megalaima monticola) is a species of bird in the Ramphastidae family. It is endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Scrobipalpa samadensis the Buck's-horn Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe and Russia (the southern Urals).The wingspan is 13–15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Plantago coronopus Plantago lanceolata and Plantago maritima. The young larvae mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a short narrow gallery made in the young leaves. Older larvae bore in the rhizome of their host plant.
 The serpent eel or sand snake-eel Ophisurus serpens is an eel of the genus Ophisurus found in the eastern Atlantic western Mediterranean western Indian Ocean western Pacific and the north east coast of North Island in New Zealand. It can be found to depths of about 300 m on sandy or muddy bottoms near rock outcrops. Its length is between 150 and 250 centimetres.
 The Hawaiʻi ʻŌʻō (Moho nobilis) is a member of the extinct genus of the ʻŌʻōs (Moho) within the extinct family Mohoidae. It was previously regarded as member of the Australo-Pacific honeyeaters (Meliphagidae).
 Phyllonorycter tsavensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Kenya and South Africa. The habitat consists of east African savannah.The length of the forewings is 2.2 mm. The forewing is elongate and the ground colour is bronze ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are pale beige with a silver shine. Adults are on wing in mid-January (in South Africa) and mid-April (in Kenya).
 Orthosia castanea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Heterocampa is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Asthenosoma ijimai is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Asthenosoma and lives in the sea. Asthenosoma ijimai was first scientifically described in 1897 by Yoshiwara.
 Offachloritis is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 The Dogface witch eel (Facciolella equatorialis) is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1891. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean including Point Conception California USA; Panama Guadalupe and the Galapagos Islands. It is known to dwell at an approximate depth of 734 meters.
 Strongylocentrotus is a genus of sea urchins in the family Strongylocentrotidae containing several species.
 Hemeroblemma opigena is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Florida to Brazil.The wingspan is about 80 mm for the females. In Florida adults are on wing in March.
 Chlorurus bleekeri known commonly as Bleeker's parrotfish  is a species of marine fish in the family Scaridae.Bleeker's parrotfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region. It feeds on filamentous algae. It is a medium-sized fish and can reach a maximum size of 49 cm length. Males are more colorful than females.
 Euchlaenidia ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Pogonistes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pogonistes angustus (Gebler 1829) Pogonistes chinensis Habu 1986 Pogonistes convexicollis Chaudoir 1871 Pogonistes gracilis Dejean 1828 Pogonistes grinevi Lutshnik 1935 Pogonistes liliputanus Apfelbeck 1904 Pogonistes rufoaeneus Dejean 1828 Pogonistes testaceus Dejean 1828↑
 The Rana Diminuta (Eleutherodactylus parectatus) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypolycaena nigra the Black Fairy Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by George Bethune-Baker in 1914. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mongala Uele Ituri Kivu Tshopo Tshuapa Sankuru and Lualaba) Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
 Hynhamia albicorpus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with pale brownish cream. The markings are pale brown. The hindwings are cream with weak brownish spots in the posterior area.
 Schizothorax edeniana is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Sapphirinidae is a family of parasitic copepods containing the following genera:Copilia Dana 1849Saphirinella Claus 1863Sapphirina J. Thompson 1830Terebellicola M. Sars 1861Vettoria C. B. Wilson 1924↑
 Austropelor is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Eupithecia valeria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Hastula cuspidata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Clarkeulia excerptana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Cephalotes betoi is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 The Niam-niam Parrot (Poicephalus crassus) is a parrot endemic in Central Africa (Cameroon to SW Sudan). It is a mostly green parrot with a brown head and a red iris. It lives in woodlands and is not known in captivity.
 The Herodias Underwing' or Gerhard's Underwing (Catocala herodias) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. The nominate form is found in Texas and Oklahoma. Subspecies Catocala herodias gerhardi is found from Massachusetts Connecticut New York to Virginia.The wingspan is 55-65 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus ilicifolia and Quercus rubra.
 Procambarus pictus sometimes called the Black Creek crayfish or spotted royal crayfish is a species of crayfish in family Cambaridae. It is endemic to Florida where it is found in the Black Creek river system the St. Johns River and the upper Etoniah Creek.
 Laplatasaurus (meaning La Plata lizard) is a genus of titanosaurid sauropod dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous in South America.The genus was named in 1927 by Friedrich von Huene but without a description so that it remained a nomen nudum. In 1929 the type species Laplatasaurus aurakanicus was described by von Huene. The generic name refers to La Plata. The specific name is derived from the Auracanos or Mapuche.
 The Many-lined Skink (Plestiodon multivirgatus) is a medium-sized member of the Plestiodon skinks a kind of lizard living in North America.
 The Caraboctonidae (hairy scorpions) make up the superfamily Iuroidea. The family was established by Karl Kraepelin 1905.
 Mauremys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae (formerly called Bataguridae). Ocadia and Chinemys are included here by some scientists but not by the majority nor by hobbyists.Species include: Japanese pond turtle M. japonica Yellow pond turtle M. mutica Vietnamese pond turtle or Annam leaf turtle M. annamensis - formerly separated in Annamemys Caspian turtle or striped-neck terrapin M. caspica Balkan pond turtle or Balkan terrapin M. rivulata - formerly included in M.
 Etheostoma duryi the black darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where it occurs in the drainage of the Tennessee River in the states of Tennessee Georgia and Alabama. It is an inhabitant of rocky pools in streams and smaller rivers and their adjacent riffles. This species can reach a length of 7.2 centimetres (2.8 in) TL though most only reach about 5 centimetres (2.0 in).
 Homolodromiidae is a family of crabs the only family in the superfamily Homolodromioidea. In contrast to other crabs including the closely related Homolidae there is no strong linea homolica along which the exoskeleton breaks open during ecdysis. The family comprises two genera Dicranodromia which has 18 species and Homolodromia with five species.
 Scania aspersa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Maule Region to the Magallanes and Antartica Chilena Region of Chile Colonia and Estanzuela in Uruguay and Comodoro Rivadavia San Martín de los Andes La Rioja Cafayate Salta Nahuel Huapi Neuquén Chubut and Esquel in Argentina.The wingspan is about 31 mm. Adults are on wing from October to March.
 Typhlops mucronatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Minous is a genus of stonefishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Pleistodontes macrocainus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It is associated with Ficus cerasicarpa and F. brachypoda.
 Eupithecia pactia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Planitrochidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails Paleozoic gastropod mollusks.This family has no subfamilies.
 Ancylus fluviatilis is a species of very small freshwater air-breathing limpet an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the tribe Ancylini within the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails and their allies.
 The Schlegel's Francolin (Peliperdix schlegelii) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Chad and Sudan.
 Cephalotes inca is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Aricoceras is an extinct genus of the Adrianitidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Eremiaphila zetterstedti common name desert pebble mantis is a species of praying mantis that originates from the hottest parts of Africa.
 Gastromyzon venustus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 Black Tarquin (1945–1965) was an American-bred British-trained racehorse and sire best known for winning the St. Leger Stakes in 1948 and for his rivalry with Alycidon. In a career which lasted from June 1947 until July 1949 he ran fifteen times and won eight races. He was one of the leading two-year-olds of 1947 although he did not race after winning the Gimcrack Stakes in August.
 Lasiocampa is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Eupithecia refertissima is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Meteura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Maid At Arms (foaled 1922 in Kentucky) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Her sire was Man o' War a son of three-time Leading sire in North America Fair Play. Her dam was Trasher a daughter of Trap Rock. Maid At Arms is probably best remembered for her victory in the seventh running of the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes on May 4 1925.
 Polypoetes pallinervis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Ambulyx maculifera is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.
 Belemgena phlattotreta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Aristotelia heliacella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in France Switzerland Austria Germany Italy Finland Norway and Sweden.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Dryas octopetala.
 Holcobius hawaiiensis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Anedhella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Trigonostoma nitidum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Oligophlebia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Gastrotheca gracilis is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Argentina and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kyphosus gladius the Gladius sea chub is a species of sea chub native to the Indian Ocean waters off of Western Australia where it occurs at depths from the surface to 15 metres (49 ft). This species can reach a length of 45.7 centimetres (18.0 in) SL though it is believed that they can exceed this measurement considerably.
 Eois nucula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Panama.
 The Fiordland brotula Fiordichthys slartibartfasti is a rare viviparous brotula found only in the Fiordland region of the South Island of New Zealand. It is inhabits spaces in rock rubble and is found at depths of from 10 to 12 metres (33 to 39 ft). This species grows to a length of 11.1 centimetres (4.4 in) SL.
 Caloptilia orientalis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Lonicera maackii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Pseudosphenoptera boyi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Coleophora hystricella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands (Fuerteventura) and in Algeria Tunisia and Turkey.
 Dichagyris terminicincta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Near East and Middle East more specifically Lebanon Israel Turkey Iran andAfghanistan.Adults are on wing from July to August. There is one generation per year.
 A Marine angelfish from the Western Pacific that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 21 cm in length.
 Gallant Sir (foaled 1929) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred by renowned horseman Arthur B. Hancock at his Claiborne Farm in Paris Kentucky. He was sired by the outstanding American Champion sire Sir Gallahad III. His dam Sun Spot was a daughter of Omar Khayyam the 1917 Kentucky Derby winner and Co-Champion 3-Yr-Old Colt.Norman W. Church purchased Gallant Sir and raced him under his Northway Stable. Trainer E. L. Lying Fitz Fitzgerald trained the horse.
 Trichaea is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Syrnolopsis minuta is a species of medium-sized freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae. This species is found around the edges of Lake Tanganika which includes the countries of Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. The natural habitat of this species is intermittent freshwater lakes.
 Theila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Biotodoma is a small genus of cichlids. They are native to rivers in the Amazon Orinoco and Essequibo basins in South America.
 Pterygoplichthys multiradiatus is a tropical fish known as a Plecostomus belonging to the armored catfish family (Loricariidae). Named for its sail-like dorsal fin the part of its scientific name multiradiatus means many-rayed and refers to the rays of the dorsal fin. P. multiradiatus is one of a number of species commonly referred to as the common pleco by aquarists.Other scientific names that were used (as synonyms) for P.
 Stenoptilia kurushensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia (Daghestan).
 The Yellow-shouldered Blackbird (Agelaius xanthomus) also known as La Mariquita de Puerto Rico or Capitán is a diurnal blackbird endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of the species belonging to the Agelaius genus of the Icteridae family.
 Halosaurs are eel-shaped fishes found only at great ocean depths. As the family Halosauridae halosaurs are one of two families within the order Notacanthiformes; the other being the deep-sea spiny eels Notacanthidae. Halosaurs are thought to have a worldwide distribution with some 17 species in three genera represented.
 Melaporphyria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Halysidota grata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found in Colombia.
 Triglops is a genus of sculpins.
 Godyris cleomella is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 Chaceon bicolor is a species of crab. Chaceon bicolor differs from all species of the genus in color pattern with the anterior part of the body purplish rather than reddish. In addition to color pattern C. bicolor also differs from C. granulatus in having compressed rather than depressed dactyli on the walking legs; also the hepatic region of the carapace in C. granulatus is coarsely granular whereas it is smooth in C. bicolor.
 Mate (foaled 1928 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1931 Preakness Stakes.
 Thomisus is a genus of crab spiders (family Thomisidae) with more than 100 species described. The genus includes species that vary widely in their ecology but the best known crab spiders are those species that people call the flower crab spiders because they are ambush predators that feed on insects visiting flowers.
 Copelatus posticatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Fabricus in 1801.
 Elachyophtalma infraluteola is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1920. It is found in New Guinea.The wingspan is about 51 mm. The forewings are sooty brown-black with a broad curved white band. The basal half (except the costa and the base) of the hindwings is pale golden yellow. The outer half costa and base are sooty brown-black.
 Holcopelte is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Triplophysa stolickai is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 The typical honeycreepers are small birds in the tanager family. They are found in the tropical New World from Mexico south to Brazil.They occur in the forest canopy and as the name implies they are specialist nectar feeders with long curved bills.The four Cyanerpes species have colourful legs long wings and a short tail. The males are typically glossy purple-blue and the females greenish.The Green Honeycreeper is called a Honeycreeper but belongs to the monotypic Chlorophanes genus.
 Cryptoplax striata commonly known as the Striate Leathery Chiton is a species of chiton in the cryptoplax genus that lives under rocks and in crevices in the intertidal and subtidal waters of southern Australia. It grows to 120 mm long and has a brown leathery appearance with tiny non-articulated shell valves.
 The Wyoming ground squirrel (Urocitellus elegans) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to the Northwestern United States.
 Aporophyla chioleuca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schaffer in 1850. It is found in Portugal Spain and Greece as well as on Sardinia Sicily Malta and Crete.
 Asaphomyia is a genus of horse fly in the family Tabanidae. It contains the following two species: A. floridensis Pechuman 1974 A. texensis Stone 1953
 Stempfferia cercenoides the Common Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (east and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo southern Sudan Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 The common sawfish Pristis pristis is a sawfish of the family Pristidae found in tropical and subtropical parts of the Atlantic Mediterranean eastern Pacific and in northern Australia. As suggested by its name it was once plentiful but has now declined drastically leading to it being considered a critically endangered species by the IUCN. Its maximum length is 7.5 metres (25 ft) though 2.5 metres (8.2 ft) is more common. Reproduction is ovoviviparous. Its taxonomy in relations to P.
 Cavenderichthys talbragarensis is a species of prehistoric bony fish found in the Talbragar River beds. It is closely related to and resembles species of the genus Leptolepis.
 Eupithecia alexiae is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kashmir.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The fore- and hindwings are warm brown.
 Acipenseriformes /æsɨˈpɛnsərɨˈfɔrmiːz/ are an order of primitive ray-finned fishes that includes the sturgeons and paddlefishes as well as some extinct families.Notable characteristics of Acipenseriformes include: Cartilaginous endoskeleton Lack of vertebral centrum Spiral valve intestine Conus arteriosus↑ ↑
 Mansonelliasis (or mansonellosis) is the condition of infection by the nematode Mansonella.The disease exists in Africa and tropical Americas spread by biting midges or blackflies. It is usually asymptomatic.
 Pseudodaphnella philippinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Arachnoididae is a family of echinoderms of the order Clypeasteroida.
 Idiopidonia pedalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Idiopidonia.
 Haustellum fallax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Episcea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Noteridae is a family of water beetles closely related to the Dytiscidae and formerly classified with them. They are mainly distinguished by the presence of a distinctive noterid platform underneath in the form of a plate between the second and third pair of legs. The family consists of about 230 species in 14 genera and is found worldwide more commonly in the tropics.
 Copelatus latens is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Nephropoidea is a superfamily of decapod crustaceans. It contains the true lobsters in the Nephropidae (including the rare thaumastochelid lobsters) and three fossil families: Chilenophoberidae Protastacidae and Stenochiridae. Their closest relatives are the reef lobsters.
 Silda is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Laguna Mountains Skipper (Pyrgus ruralis lagunae) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is a subspecies of Pyrgus ruralis.
 The Purple Skimmer (Libellula jesseana) is a dragonfly of the skimmer family. It is endemic to Florida in the United States.This dragonfly is about 5 centimeters long. The male is pruinescent blue with orange wings. The female is identical to Libellula auripennis. The flight season is mid-April through mid-September.This species is limited to ten counties in the panhandle and northern peninsula of Florida. There is a protected population at Gold Head Branch State Park in Clay County.
 Mordellistena anomala is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968 by Ermisch.
 Noble Nashua (1978–1992) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred in Kentucky by Theiline Scheumann's Grousemont Farm. Impeccably bred he was sired by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Nashua and out of the mare Noble Lady a daughter of Vaguely Noble winner of the 1968 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and the 1973 and 1974 Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland as well as their Leading broodmare sire in 1982.
 The Himalayan tahr (Hemitragus jemlahicus) or common tahr is a large ungulate related to the wild goat and the only extant member of the genus Hemitragus. The Himalayan tahr is native to the Himalayas in southern Tibet northern India and Nepal. The Himalayan tahr has been introduced as an alien species to New Zealand parts of South America and South Africa.
 Xylophylla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Common names: amami takachiho snake.Achalinus werneri is a colubrid snake species endemic to Japan. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Macrosaccus robiniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
 Philodoria epibathra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is endemic to Molokai.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 There are other meanings of the word mullet.There are other fishes called 'mullets' notably the red mullets of the Mullidae family.The mullets or grey mullets are a family (Mugilidae) and order of ray-finned fish found worldwide in coastal temperate and tropical waters and in some species in fresh water. Mullets have served as an important source of food in Mediterranean Europe since Roman times.
 The Stone sheep (or Stone's sheep) Ovis dalli stonei is a more southern subspecies of Dall sheep Ovis dalli a sheep native to northwestern North America slate brown in color with some white patches on the rump and inside of the hind legs and having curved yellowish brown horns.Stone's Sheep are primarily found in Northern British Columbia and can often be seen by travellers licking minerals along the side of the Alaska Highway in areas such as Summit Lake Stone Mountain Provincial Park and Muncho Lake Provincial Park.Female Stone's Sheep are called Ewes (Pronounced /Yous/) while the male of the species are called rams.
 Neopetalia punctata is a dragonfly the only member of the family Neopetaliidae.It is endemic to Argentina and Chile.
 Phyllorhiza punctata is a species of jellyfish also known as the Floating BellAustralian spotted jellyfish or the white-spotted jellyfish. It is native to the West Pacific from Australia to Japan but has been introduced widely elsewhere. It feeds primarily on zooplankton. P. punctata average 45–50 centimetres (18–20 in) in bell diameter but in October 2007 one 72 cm (28 in) wide perhaps the largest ever recorded was found on Sunset Beach North Carolina.
 Conus bulbus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Bushwren (Xenicus longipes) Bush Wren or Mātuhituhi in Maori was a very small and almost flightless bird endemic to New Zealand. It grew to about 9 cm long and 16 g in weight. It fed mostly on invertebrates which it captured by running along the branches of trees. It nested on or near the ground. It was widespread throughout the main islands of the country until the late 19th century when mustelids were introduced and joined rats as invasive mammalian predators.
 Cronia tosana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Sisurcana fasciana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Erethistoides pipri is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to India where it is found in the Rihand and Sone Rivers. This species grows to a length of 3.05 centimetres (1.20 in) SL.
 Araneotanna is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with only one species A. ornatipes that occurs only on the New Hebrides.
 Pristimantis appendiculatus is a species of frog in the Strabomantidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The spotless catshark Bythaelurus immaculatus is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae occurring the South China Sea at depths of between 535 and 1020 m on the continental slope. Its length is up to 71 centimetres (28 in).
 Pagodula plicilaminata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Atrypsiastis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Strephonota sphinx is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Panama Colombia the Amazon Bolivia Peru and the Guianas.
 The White-tailed Ptarmigan (Lagopus leucura) also known as the Snow Quail is the smallest bird in the grouse family. It is a permanent resident of high altitudes on or above the tree line and is native to Alaska and the mountainous parts of Canada and the western United States. It has also been introduced into the Sierra Nevada in California the Wallowa Mountains in Oregon and the Uinta Mountains in Utah. Its plumage is cryptic and varies at different times of the year.
 Teralatirus funebris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Apotoforma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Palaina strigata is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 The Andean Negrito (Lessonia oreas) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes and saline marshes.
 The Oreas Comma (Polygonia oreas) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in North America in the mountains from southern British Columbia and southwestern Alberta to northern California.The wingspan is 42–52 mm. The butterfly flies from June to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Ribes species.
 The West African Shaggy Rat (Dasymys rufulus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Benin Cameroon Ivory Coast Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Diaethria ceryx or Ceryx Eighty-eight is a species of butterfly of the Diaethria genus. Diaethria ceryx was recorded for the first time in the coastal mountains in Manabí.
 Godart's Peacock Anartia lytrea is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Cuba the Isle of Youth and the Swan Islands. The butterfly has been known to occasionally stray into the Lower Keys of Florida.
 The marbled salamander (Ambystoma opacum) is a species of mole salamander found in the eastern United States.
 The Tenasserim White-bellied Rat (Niviventer tenaster) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is named after the Tenasserim Hills and is found above 1000 m in forested limestone mountainous areas.
 The Mouselike Pipistrelle (Hypsugo musciculus) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Eilema arizana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Green-cheeked Parakeet or Green-cheeked Conure (Pyrrhura molinae) is a small parrot of the genus Pyrrhura which is part of a long-tailed group of the New World parrot subfamily Arinae. This type of parrot is generally called a conure in aviculture. It is native to the forests of South America.
 Odostomia killisnooensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Nanobagrus stellatus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia where it is found in the Batain Hari basin of Sumatra. It grows to a length of 3.4 cm and is colored brown with three rows of cream-colored spots that are located above along and below the lateral line.
 Talara phaeella is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in Panama.
 Astyris amphissella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Taiwani is a genus of moths of the Micronoctuidae family.
 Acmeshachia gigantea is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Pakistan north-western India Nepal north-eastern India Myanmar northern Thailand south-western China Taiwan and northern Vietnam.
 Dioxycanus oreas is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 32–40 mm for males and 42–50 mm for females. Adults are on wing from November to January.The larvae live in a blind silken tube encrusted with plant and soil debris constructed amongst tussock bases.
 Stroudia is an Afrotropical genus of potter wasps.
 Crisilla innominata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Largescaled rasbora or Rasbora paucisqualis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora. It is a lotic species found in the Mekong basin and in Malaysia.
 Bathyclarias rotundifrons is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Lake Malawi in the countries of Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. This species grows to a length of 68.1 cm TL (26.8 inches). This species is commercially caught for human consumption and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Proterix is an extinct genus of insectivore from the Late Oligocene to the Early Miocene of North America.
 Sepioteuthis commonly known as reef squids or oval squids is a genus of loliginid squid. Reef squids are easily recognizable by their large rounded fins that extend along almost the entire length of their mantles giving them a superficial resemblance to cuttlefish.
 The mud catshark or brown catshark Bythaelurus lutarius is a species of fish in the Scyliorhinidae family. It is found in Mozambique and Somalia. Its natural habitat is open seas of the western Indian Ocean from Mozambique and Somalia between latitudes 13° N and 29° S at depths of between 340 and 765 m. It grows up to 34 centimetres (13 in) long.
 Philodromus vulgaris is a species of spider commonly called the longlegged crab spider in the genus Philodromus found in the USA and Canada.
 Cnodifrontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hedya iophaea is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka western Java eastern Borneo and Taiwan.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. The anterior part of the forewings is deep purple with a round white basal spot. The posterior part of the wing is deep crimson. The hindwings are grey-fuscous with a golden gloss.
 Clionella vilma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Dialeucias is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Gastrallus immarginatus is a species of beetle in the genus Gastrallus of the family Anobiidae.
 Trachydoras steindachneri is a species of thorny catfish native to the Amazon basin of Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru. This species grows to a length of 8.6 centimetres (3.4 in) SL.
 Tricypha popayana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1923. It is found in Colombia.
 Amphitorna is a genus of insects belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 The Lettered Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha lituralis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Wisconsin to Nova Scotia south to Florida and Texas.The wingspan is about 21 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August. There is one generation in the north and at least a partial second generation from Ohio and Connecticut southward.The larvae feed on detritus including dead leaves.
 The genus Xenoperdix (strange partridge) described only in 1994 consist of two species of African partridges that are most closely related to Southeast Asian Hill Partridges.They have boldly barred plumaged and a red bill. Xenoperdix are found only in forests of Udzungwa Mountains and the Rubeho Highlands of Tanzania. Previously believed to be monotypic the Rubeho population was recognized as a distinct species following a review of its molecular and morphological characteristics.
 Aethalopteryx politzari is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Somalia Tanzania and Kenya.
 Notoraja is a genus of skates in the family Rajidae with these currently recognized species: Notoraja alisae Séret & Last 2012 Notoraja azurea McEachran & Last 2008 Notoraja fijiensis Séret & Last 2012 Notoraja hirticauda Last & McEachran 2006 Notoraja inusitata Séret & Last 2012 Notoraja lira McEachran & Last 2008 Notoraja longiventralis Séret & Last 2012 Notoraja ochroderma McEachran & Last 1994 (pale skate) Notoraja sapphira Séret & Last 2009 (sapphire skate) Notoraja sticta McEachran & Last 2008 (blotched skate) Notoraja tobitukai (Hiyama 1940) (leadhued skate)↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4
 The Cistus Forester (Adscita geryon) is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in southern and central Europe east to Turkey. It is also present in Great Britain.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. Adults are on wing in July in one generation per year. They feed on the nectar of Gymnadenia species.The larvae feed on Helianthemum nummularium. Young larvae mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a number of fleck mines. The opening of the mine is a slit at the side.
 Acraea parei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane grassland.Adults have been recorded in April October November and December.
 Caprinia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Subdesert Mesite (Monias benschi) is a ground-dwelling bird endemic to Madagascar. It is one of three species in the mesite family Mesitornithidae and is restricted in distribution to a small low-land region in southwest Madagascar.The Subdesert Mesite is a medium sized terrestrial bird which is often described as rail-like (a family with which the mesites are sometimes placed). The species has a long and downward-curved bill distinguishing it from the other members of the family.
 The Tanna Ground Dove (Gallicolumba ferruginea) also known as Forster's Dove of Tanna is an extinct dove species. Its taxonomic affiliation is uncertain but at its first scientific discussion by Johann Georg Wagler in 1829 it was classified into the genus Gallicolumba (which includes Ground Doves and Bleeding-hearts); its closest relative is possibly the Santa Cruz Ground Dove. It was endemic to the Pacific island of Tanna Vanuatu (formerly the New Hebrides).
 Wuchereria bancrofti is a human parasitic roundworm that is the major cause of lymphatic filariasis. It is one of the three parasitic worms besides Brugia malayi and B. timori that infect lymphatic system to cause lymphatic filariasis. These filarial worms are spread by a mosquito vector. W.
 Paragalaxias is a genus of freshwater fish of the family Galaxiidae endemic to Tasmania Australia.
 Lagden's Bushshrike (Malaconotus lagdeni) is a bird species in the bushshrike family (Malaconotidae).It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Liberia Rwanda Sierra Leone and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Talassia sandersoni is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Bulimeulima incolorata is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of two known species to exist within the genus Bulimeulima; the other congener is Bulimeulima magna.
 Leporellus is a genus of headstanders found in South America. They are mainly found in the São Francisco River and Paraná–Paraguay river basins but L. vittatus also occurs in the Amazon. There are currently four described species in this genus.
 Tanius (meaning of Tan) is a genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur. It lived in the Late Cretaceous of China. The type species named and described in 1929 by Carl Wiman is Tanius sinensis. The generic name honours the Chinese paleontologist Tan Xichou (H.C. Tan). The specific name refers to China.Tan in April 1923 discovered the remains in the east of Shandong at the village of Ch'ing-kang-kou ten kilometres southeast of Lai Yang.
 Cyphoma mcgintyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Mindoro Shrew (Crocidura mindorus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Long-billed Crombec or Cape Crombec (Sylvietta rufescens) is an African warbler.The Long-billed Crombec breeds in southern Africa from the Democratic Republic of the Congo Zambia and Tanzania southwards to South Africa.This is a common species in fynbos open woodland savannah and dry Acacia scrub.
 Schizothorax oligolepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Lamini (members are called lamoids) is a tribe of the subfamily Camelinae. It contains two genera and four species all exclusively from South America: llamas alpacas vicuñas and guanacos. The former two are domesticated species while the latter two are only found in the wild. All lack sexual dimorphism. The four species can interbreed and produce fertile offspring.The digestive system of lamoids allows them to digest certain toxins. Laminoids also lack a gallbladder.
 Chionodes nebulosella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in France Germany Austria Italy the Czech Republic Slovenia Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Otala punctata is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae. They are prepared in a typical dish in South Spain cabrillas cooked in spicy tomato sauce.
 Zabrus corpulentus is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that can be found in Bulgaria and Near East.
 Acantholycosa azyuzini is a species of wolf spider only known from the Altai Mountains.This spider can only be separated from its closest congeners by details of the genitalia.
 Eurytides callias is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in French Guiana Brazil (Amazonas) southern Venezuela (Yavita Rio Ocamo Rio Cunucunuma) eastern Ecuador (Napo) and Peru.
 Elachista kilmunella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from northern Europe to the Alps and Hungary and from Ireland to Russia.The wingspan is 8–12 millimetres (0.31–0.47 in). Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Carex riparia and Eriophorum vaginatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They are yellowish grey. Larvae can be found from April to July.
 Mordella ornatopallida is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1911.
 Marsenina stearnsii is a species of small slug-like sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Lamellariinae of the family Velutinidae.
 Astieridiscus is an extinct lower Cretaceous ammonite. Its shell evolute covered by dense simple or branching slightly flexuous ribs. The sides are slightly flattened the venter rounded.
 Bipectilus latirami is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Nepal.
 Choreutis piepersiana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1885. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Lepetodrilus galriftensis is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Scaphiophryne menabensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Panopeus herbstii (the black-fingered mud crab black-clawed mud crab Atlantic mud crab or sometimes common mud crab) is a true crab belonging to the infraorder Brachyura and is the largest of the mud crabs.P. herbstii is small growing to about 4 cm with black-tipped claws of unequal size. P. herbstii has a strong exoskeleton with very thick and strong claws. The shell is a dull gray and brown color.P.
 The American White Pelican (Pelecanus erythrorhynchos) is a large aquatic bird from the order Pelecaniformes. It breeds in interior North America moving south and to the coasts as far as Central America and South America in winter.
 Pogonopsis pallida is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Pogonopsis.
 Liometopa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aulostomoides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Tylomelania scalariopsis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.
 Coleophora lunensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia and the Lower Volga region of southern Russia.Adults are on wing in August.
 The Martinique spectacled tegu or Rough-scaled worm lizard (Gymnophthalmus pleei) is a microteiid lizard found in the Caribbean on the Lesser Antilles islands of Guadeloupe Dominica Martinique Saint Lucia and Maria I.The nominate subspecies G. p. pleei is endemic to Martinique and G. p. luetkeni and G. p. nesydrion are restricted to Saint Lucia. The populations on Guadeloupe and Dominica have not yet been assigned to subspecies.
 Asio is a genus of typical owls or true owls in the Strigidae family. The genus Asio contains the eared owls which are characterised by feather tufts on the head which give the appearance of ears. This group has representatives over most of the planet and the Short-eared Owl is one of the most widespread of all bird species breeding in Europe Asia North and South America the Caribbean Hawaii and the Galápagos Islands.
 Baroa siamica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Thailand Sundaland and the Philippines (Luzon). The habitat consists of lower and upper montane forests and lowland dipterocarp forests.Adults have dark brownish grey forewings and blackish hindwings. Adults have been recorded on wing in June from September to October and in November.
 The Buff-throated Warbler (Phylloscopus subaffinis) is a species of leaf warbler (family Phylloscopidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Ulidia parallela is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Tephritidae.
 The Red-billed Brushturkey (Talegalla cuvieri) also known as Red-billed Talegalla or Cuvier's Brushturkey is a large up to 57 cm long black megapode with bare yellow facial skin a reddish orange bill yellow iris and orange feet. The head is covered with bristle-like black feathers. The sexes are similar.An Indonesian endemic the Red-billed Brushturkey inhabits to lowland forests on Vogelkop Peninsula western Snow Mountains and Misool Island of West Papua.
 Achroia grisella the Lesser Wax Moth is a small moth of the snout moth family (Pyralidae) wherein it belongs to the subfamily Galleriinae. It is the only unequivocally recognized species of genus Achroia.
 Lepidochrysops hypopolia known as Morant's Blue (Afrikaans: Morant-bloutjie) was a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was endemic to South Africa. The species is only known from two complete male specimens and one partial male specimen (a leg). The species is named after Walter Morant who caught the two complete male specimens.The complete specimens were both caught in Blue Bank near Ladysmith KwaZulu-Natal on 21 September 1870 by Moran.
 The brown bullhead Ameiurus nebulosus is a fish of the Ictaluridae family that is widely distributed in North America. It is a species of bullhead catfish and is similar to the black bullhead (Ameiurus melas) and yellow bullhead (Ameiurus natalis).
 Myrmecia erecta is an Australian bull ant species apart of the Myrmecia genus. They are native to Australia. They are mainly distributed in South Australia and the surrounding areas of the state.Most of the body of the species is a brown colour. However the mandibles legs and antennae are of a lighter shade of brown. The thorax of the Myrmecia erecta is a black colour. They are slightly similar to the Jack jumper ant.
 Zabrus tenebrioides is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe and the Near East.
 Cyclotorna diplocentra is a moth of the Cyclotornidae family. It is found in Australia including New South Wales and Queensland.
 Xeniaria truncata is a species of earwigs in the genus Xeniaria family Arixeniidae the suborder Arixeniina and the order Dermaptera. It is one of three genera in the genus Xeniaria.
 Obarza is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anthidium chilense is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 The bronze corydoras (Corydoras aeneus) green corydoras bronze catfish lightspot corydoras or wavy catfish is a tropical freshwater fish in the armored catfish often kept in captivity by fish keepers. (Callichthyidae) family. It is widely distributed in South America on the eastern side of the Andes from Colombia and Trinidad to the Río de la Plata basin. It was originally described as Hoplosoma aeneum by Theodore Gill in 1858 and has also been referred to as Callichthys aeneus.
 Cophixalus ornatus (more commonly known as the Ornate nurseryfrog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family. It is endemic to north-east Queensland.
 Solanocrinus thiollieri is an extinct species of crinoid from Jura France (not to be confused with the Jurassic period). Unlike modern crinoids Solanocrinus did not have a stem and was not attached to the ocean floor. Instead it possessed 22 prehensile tendrils called cirri which it used to grab onto rocks.
 Spilosoma fujianensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fang in 1981. It is found in China (Fujian).
 Anania lancealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 30–34 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Eupatorium cannabinum but is also reported on Jacobaea vulgaris Teucrium scorodonia Sium latifolium and Stachys.
 Bicyclus kenia the Kenyan Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in central and south-western Kenya northern Tanzania Uganda (the north shore of Lake Victoria) and southern Sudan. The habitat consists of montane forests.Adults feed on fallen fruit.
 Cobarus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Stigmella aflatuniae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from Tadzhikistan.The larvae feed on Afflatunia ulmifolia. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Bailey's Apollo Parnassius baileyi is a high altitude butterfly which is found in S.W. China (Sichuan northern Yunnan and eastern Tibet). It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.The taxonomic status of this butterfly is uncertain. Parnassius baileyi was originally described as a subspecies of Parnassius acco later as a subspecies of P. rothschildianus Bryk 1931 and also P.
 Acalyptris insolentis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in premontane and lowland Amazon rainforest in Ecuador.The wingspan is 3.8-4.5 mm for males. Adults have been collected in January.
 Nyctemera consobriniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Tinacrucis atopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Cauca valley in Colombia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange yellow but whiter along the costa. The markings are dark brown. The hindwings are pale yellow orange with dark brown spots along the wing edge at the base of the wing in the anal area and along the median cell.
 Myconita is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Leaf warblers are small insectivorous birds belonging mainly to the genus Phylloscopus. They were formerly included in the Old World warbler family but are now considered to belong to the Phylloscopidae a family created in 2006. The genus is closely related to Seicercus and some species have been moved between the two genera in recent classification attempts.
 Volvarina enriquei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Boettgerilla pallens common name the worm slug is a European species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Boettgerillidae.
 Ferguson's toad Bufo scaber is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in India and Sri Lanka.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland swamps freshwater marshes pastureland plantations rural gardens and urban areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.The species is named after Harold S. Ferguson.
 Liptena praestans is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania Zambia and possibly Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast.
 Papuadessus pakdjoko is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Papuadessus.
 The Andean White-eared Opossum (Didelphis pernigra) is an opossum species from South America. It is found in the Andes Mountains ranging from Venezuela to Bolivia.Together with the Guianan White-eared Opossum (D. imperfecta) this species was separated from the White-eared Opossum (D. albiventris) in 2002 having been included with that species in 1993.
 Ebnerella (sponge) is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae.
 The Yellow-vented Warbler (Phylloscopus cantator) is a species of leaf warbler (family Phylloscopidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Nepal and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Schistocerca nitens is a species of grasshopper known by several common names including vagrant grasshopper and gray bird grasshopper. It is a close relative of the desert locust which is in the same genus. This grasshopper is native to southern North America including Mexico and the southwestern United States from California to Texas. It is also present in parts of Central America. It lives in many habitats including desert woodland and lower elevation mountainous areas.
 Brachythemis wilsoni is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Burkina Faso Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Nigeria Sudan Togo Uganda possibly Botswana and possibly Kenya. Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Nesosisyphus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Carillade is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bulinus canescens is a species of freshwater snail a gastropod in the Planorbidae family. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 Bebearia tini is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Blastobasis rebeli the Marsh Dowd Moth is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found on Madeira and was first recorded from Hampshire Great Britain in 1998.The wingspan is about 13 mm. In Britain adults have been recorded in July.
 Spilopsyllini is a flea tribe (or depending on classifications a subfamily called Spilopsyllinae) in the family Pulicidae.
 Belomitra pourtalesii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Whitely's Toucanet or Tepui Toucanet (Aulacorhynchus whitelianus) is a South American species of bird in the Ramphastidae family. It is native to the humid forests of the tepuis and other highlands of the Guiana Shield. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Chestnut-tipped Toucanet.
 Diplomorium is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Diplomorium longipenne.
 The Brown-headed Thrush (Turdus chrysolaus) sometimes known as the Brown Thrush is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is found in China Japan North Korea South Korea the Philippines Russia and Taiwan. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Eupterocerina conjuncta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Eupterocerina of the family Tephritidae.
 Xenoporadoceratinae is one of two subfamilies of the Sporadoceratidae family a member of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Ithyektyphus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Echeta excavata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Volva cumulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Crossocheilus is a genus of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. It is distributed in Asia including India China Thailand Indonesia and Malaysia.A fish of this genus has a large rostral cap on its snout with a fringe of tassel-like fissures covering the upper jaw a mouth in an inferior position on the snout and one or two pairs of barbels.These fish occur in several types of habitat often fast-flowing rivers with rocky bottoms.
 The Sierra Leone Free-tailed Bat (Mops brachypterus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Cameroon Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo possibly Central African Republic possibly Republic of the Congo and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Scarce Conformist or Softly's Shoulder-knot (Lithophane consocia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found throughout northern central and eastern Europe east to Siberia. There is a single record from Great Britain where it was recorded in Hampstead London in September 2001..The wingspan is 43–48 mm. Adults are on wing from September and overwintering until May.The larvae feed on Alnus and Corylus.
 Callichroma atroviride is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schmidt in 1924. It is known from Colombia.
 The White-necked Crow (Corvus leucognaphalus) is the largest (42–46 centimetres or 17–18 inchesin length) of the four Caribbean crow species. Two other species the Cuban Crow (Corvus nasicus) and the Jamaican Crow (Corvus jamaicensis) appear to be very closely related to it sharing several key morphological features.
 Haustellotyphis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Cephalotes duckei is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 The four-lined skink (Plestiodon tetragrammus) is a species of lizard which is endemic to North America. It is a medium-sized member of the Plestiodon skinks.
 Lampropeltis getula nitida or the Baja cape kingsnake is a subspecies of common kingsnake originating from Baja California in Mexico.They are a short stocky snake averaging at lower than five feet in length. They are chocolate-brown to black with either a broken or unbroken stripe running the length of their body.This subspecies is considered by some to be a hypermelanistic morph of the California Kingsnake
 Problepsis maxima is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 Madremyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Chihuahuan Spotted Whiptail (Cnemidophorus exsanguis) is a species of lizard native to the United States in southern Arizona southern New Mexico and southwestern Texas and northern Mexico in northern Chihuahua and northern Sonora. The species is believed to be the result of extensive hybridization between the Little Striped Whiptail Cnemidophorus inornatus the Plateau Spotted Whiptail Cnemidophorus septemvittatus and the Western Mexico Whiptail Cnemidophorus costatus.
 Pseudoeurycea altamontana is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eois xanthoperata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Neocyttus is a genus of oreos.
 The Hawaiian Rail (Porzana sandwichensis) Hawaiian Spotted Rail or Hawaiian Crake was a somewhat enigmatic species of diminutive rail that lived on Big Island of Hawaiʻi but is now extinct.A dark form and a lighter spotted one are known (see below).
 Neomysis americana is an extremely common species of opossum shrimp along the Atlantic coast of North and South America. The species has a disjunct distribution being present in an area extending from the Saint Lawrence River to Florida and separately in parts of Argentina (Blanca Bay Anegada Bay and Samborombón Bay).
 Aprominta atricanella is a moth of the Symmocidae family. It is found in Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia and Greece.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish sprinkled with large blackish grey scales. The hindwings are dark grey.
 The Tufted Titmouse (Baeolophus bicolor) is a small songbird from North America a species in the tit and chickadee family (Paridae). The Black-crested Titmouse found from central and southern Texas southwards was included as a subspecies but is now considered a separate species B. atricristatus.These birds have grey upperparts and white underparts with a white face a grey crest a dark forehead and a short stout bill; they have rust-coloured flanks.
 Udara rona is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Latiromitra aratiuncula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Austrofusus is a genus of medium-sized sea snails or whelks marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Gibberula oriens is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 The Diplodactylidae are a family in the suborder Gekkota (geckos) with about 126 species in 25 genera. These geckos occur in Australia New Zealand and New Caledonia. Three diplodactylid genera (Oedura Rhacodactylus and Hoplodactylus) have recently been split into multiple new genera In previous classifications the family Diplodactylidae is equivalent to subfamily Diplodactylinae.
 The Audubon's Warbler (Setophaga auduboni or Setophaga coronata auduboni) is a small New World warbler.This passerine bird was long known to be closely related to its eastern counterpart the Myrtle Warbler and at various times the two forms have been classed as separate species or grouped as the Yellow-rumped Warbler Setophaga coronata.
 Dismorphia pseudolewyi is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Bolivia.Adults have white undersides that are mottled in grey and yellow.
 Pitthea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aaptos niger is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1981.
 Chrysococcyx is a genus of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.
 Chirocephalus croaticus is a species of fairy shrimp in the family Chirocephalidae. It is found only in Croatia and Slovenia and is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List.
 Philodromus femurostriatus is a spider species found in Greece and Turkey.
 Dicephalarcha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Irish Annulet (Gnophos dumetata) is a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in large parts of Europe except Great Britain Portugal the Benelux Switzerland Bulgaria Fennoscandia and the Baltic region. It is also found from north-western Africa to Armenia Dagestan and the south-western part of the former Soviet Union.The wingspan is 24–28 mm. The upperside of the wings is light chocolate-brown slightly tending to yellow. The outer marginal area is darker brown.
 Agdistis jansei is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa (Northern Cape Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga).The wingspan is 19–26 mm. The forewings are grey with two dots in the discal area and at the costal margin confluent forming an oblique streak. In some specimens the streak is not formed but two separate dots are present. Other dots are very weak. The hindwing are uniformly grey. Adults are on wing from March to October.
 Beridinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 Protophormia terraenovae is commonly called northern blowfly blue-bottle fly or blue-assed fly (blue-arsed fly in British English). It is distinguished by its deep blue coloration and large size and is an important species throughout the northern hemisphere. This fly is notable for its economic impact as a myiasis pest of livestock and its antibiotic benefits in maggot therapy. Also of interest is P.
 Renisania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The blue danio or Kerr's danio (Danio kerri) is a tropical fish belonging to the Danio genus in family Cyprinidae.
 Galloperdix are three species of birds in the pheasant family Phasianidae. These terrestrial birds are restricted to the Indian Subcontinent with the Red Spurfowl and Painted Spurfowl in forest and scrub in India and the Sri Lanka Spurfowl in forests of Sri Lanka. They share the common name spurfowl with the African members of the genus Pternistis.
 Polyommatus zapvadi the Valley Zap Blue is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Carbonell in 1993. It is found in Turkey.
 Salinas chub (Gila modesta) is a species of fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found only in Mexico classified as critically endangered and known in Spanish as charalito saltillo.
 The Hispaniolan edible rat (Brotomys voratus) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Echimyidae. It was found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Its natural habitat was subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.This species is known from a single report from Gonzalo Fernandez de Oviedo y Valdez who documented an animal called the mohuy similar to living spiny rats.
 Hypocoela is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Dectes is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by LeConte in 1852.
 Thermidarctia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Scabrotrophon fabricii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Lesser-spotted Pinion (Cosmia affinis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in central and southern Europe north to Great Britain Denmark southern Sweden up to Saint Petersburg. East its range extends through northern and central Asia up to Japan. It is also found in north-western Africa.The wingspan is 28–33 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae primarily feed on Ulmus species but have also been recorded on Quercus Tilia and Prunus spinosa.
 Characovalva is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Pteridinium is an erniettomorph found in a number of Precambrian deposits worldwide. It is a member of the Ediacaran biota.
 Costosyrnola nitidissima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of two known species to exist within the genus Costosyrnola. The other species being Costosyrnola thailandica.
 Nephropides caribaeus is a species of lobster the only species in the genus Nephropides. It is found in western parts of the Caribbean Sea from Belize to Colombia. It grows to a total length of around 170 mm (6.7 in) and is covered in conspicuous tubercles.
 The red-bellied dasyure or red-bellied marsupial shrew (Phascolosorex doriae) is a species of marsupial in the Dasyuridae family. It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 The Jackson's Widowbird (Euplectes jacksoni) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and arable land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Orthogonius curvatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Acrapex relicta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Carolina North Carolina and south-eastern Virginia.The length of the forewings is 7.5-10 mm for males and 8.5-10 mm for females.
 Eirenis lineomaculatus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.It is found in Israel Jordan Lebanon Palestinian Territory Occupied Syria and Turkey.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Spotted Honeyguide (Indicator maculatus) is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.
 Daphnia pulex is the most common species of water flea. It has a cosmopolitan distribution: the species is found throughout the Americas Europe and Australia. It is a model species and was the first crustacean to have its genome sequenced.
 Griveaudyria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Bowl of Flowers (foaled 1958 in Virginia) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
 Adeana is a gelechioid moth genus usually placed in the cosmet moth family (Cosmopterigidae) subfamily Cosmopteriginae. Only a single species is known Adeana leucoxantha. It occurs in southern Polynesia.This genus may be allied to the enigmatic Clarkeophlebia argentea (another Polynesian species) and/or Asymphorodes and/or Labdia (where A. leucoxantha was originally placed).
 Anomaluridae is a family of rodents found in central Africa. They are known as anomalures or scaly-tailed squirrels. There are seven extant species classified into three genera. Most are brightly coloured.All but one species of anomalurids have membranes between their front and hind legs like those of a flying squirrel but they are not thought to be closely related to the flying squirrels that form the tribe Petauristini of the family Sciuridae.
 Brachycythara stegeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Turbonilla perezdionisi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Perrunichthys perruno is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the monotypic genus Perrunichthys of the family Pimelodidae. This species reaches 60.0 centimetres (23.6 in) TL. This species is native to Colombia and Venezuela from the Lake Maracaibo basin. This fish is occasionally known as the leopard catfish.
 Gymnocephalus schraetser the schraetzer or striped ruffe is a species of perch native to the Danube basin. It is a schooling fish being found over muddy or sandy bottoms of moderately flowing large rivers. This species can reach a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL though most only grow to 15 centimetres (5.9 in). The greatest recorded weight for this species is 250 grams (8.8 oz).
 Lithodoras dorsalis the Rock-bacu is the only species in the genus Lithodoras of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Doradidae. This species originates from the Amazon basin in Brazil and estuaries near Cayenne French Guiana. These fish feed on the blades of macrophytes. When the forests are flooded they feed exclusively on fruits and seeds acting as an agent of seed dispersal. Reproduction occurs once a year and juveniles are often seen in large numbers in the estuary of the Amazon.
 Macroglossum avicula is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia (including Sumatra and Java).
 Euzopherodes oberleae is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzopherodes. It was described by Yamanaka in 2006 and is known from Japan.
 Xerocrassa moraguesi is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Conomitra lindae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Mordellistena brevis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1873 by Kirsch.
 Semalea kola Evans’ Silky Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) and Cameroon. The habitat consists of wet forests.
 Clavatula bimarginata common name the two-edged turrid is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Lake Kurumoi rainbowfish (Melanotaenia parva) is a species of freshwater fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to West Papua in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is only the small Lake Kurumoi in the Bird's Head Peninsula. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Naticidae common name the moon snails is a family of minute to large-sized predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.Naticidae is the only family in the superfamily Naticoidea.It has been estimated that worldwide there are about 260–270 Recent species of naticid snails. This group is assumed to have originated in the late Triassic or in the early Jurassic.
 Jokajdon is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Cretevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae which existed in what is now China Burma England Lebanon Mongolia Russia and Spain during the Cretaceous period. It was named by Rasnitsyn in 1975 and the type species is Cretevania minor.
 Setina aurita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is only found in the Alps between 1000 and 3000 meters above sea level.The wingspan is 25–32 mm. The moth flies from April to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Xanthoria parietina and other lichen species.
 The Chlorias Plume Moth (Hellinsia chlorias) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Mississippi New York Colorado and Kentucky.The wingspan is 22–25 mm. The head is pale yellow-ochreous. The antennae are pale ochreous. The thorax and abdomen are pale yellowish-ochreous. The forewings are light brownish-ochreous often more or less suffused with whitish-ochreous. The hindwings are grey.
 Kutorgina is a genus of Cambrian brachiopod and is one of the earliest of the articulates known as rhynchonelliforms. Kutorgina has a concavo-convex shell with the smaller brachial valve dished in and the larger pedical valve broadly arched. The brachial valve has a rather prominent interarea at the back which is curved over by the prominent beak at the back of the pedical valve. It includes the species Kutorgina elanica Malakhovskaya 2013
 Abagrotis scopeops is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern British Columbia south through western Montana Idaho Utah and Nevada down to Southern California.The wingspan is about 36 mm. Adults are on wing in early fall.
 Nebria brevicollis is a species of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East. In Europe it is found in all countries and islands except the Azores the Canary Islands the Channel Islands Franz Josef Land Gibraltar Madeira Malta Monaco the North Aegean Islands Novaya Zemlya San Marino the Selvagens Islands Svalbard and Jan Mayen and Vatican City. It has now been reported as introduced in western Oregon U.S.A. (D. Kavanaugh & J. R.
 Neocrepidodera albanica is a species of flea beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found only in Albania and the Republic of Macedonia.
 Sturisoma nigrirostrum is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it occurs in the Ucayali River basin. This species inhabits gently to swiftly flowing white waters where submerged wood is abundant in the main flow of rivers. This species grows to a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in). Sexual dimorphism includes hypertrophied odontodes on the sides of the head of the male.
 Hellinsia pectodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Europe (the Iberian Peninsula France Germany Switzerland Sardinia Greece Cyprus and southern Russia) the Canary Islands Kyrgyzstan Afghanistan India and North America (including the Rocky Mountains Oregon Alberta British Columbia Ontario).The wingspan is 19–20 mm.The larvae feed on Solidago virgaurea Aster linosyris and Phagnalon saxatile.
 Acrocercops acanthidias is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. The hostplants for the species include Erioglossum edule and Lepisanthes rubiginosum.
 The Bradynobaenidae are a family of wasps similar to the Mutillidae. These species are often found in arid regions.
 The kitefin shark or seal shark (Dalatias licha) is a species of dogfish shark in the family Dalatiidae and the only species in its genus. It is found sporadically around the world usually close to the sea floor at depths of 200–600 m (660–1970 ft). With a sizable oil-filled liver to maintain neutral buoyancy this shark is able to cruise slowly through the water while expending little energy. The kitefin shark has a slender body with a very short blunt snout large eyes and thick lips.
 The Hudsonian Godwit (Limosa haemastica) is a large shorebird.
 Eilema conspicua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1924. It is found in Madagascar.
 Hyperlais siccalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France and Spain.The wingspan is about 20 mm.
 Bufo cristinae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Colombia and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Three-banded butterflyfish Chaetodon robustus is a species of fish in the Chaetodontidae family. It is endemic to Cape Verde.
 Eressa semifusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. The habitat is probably limited to lowland areas.
 Schinia diffusa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Colorado and Texas.The wingspan is 23–28 mm.The larvae feed on Machaeranthera annua.
 Catasticta nimbice the Pine White or Mexican Dartwhite is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found from Costa Rica north to Mexico. Rare stray can be found as far north as the Chisos Mountains of western Texas.The wingspan is 45–57 mm (1.8–2.2 in). The upperside is cream-tan with thick black veins. There is a wide black outer margin surrounding the cream-colored spots. Males perch and patrol for females. Adults are on wing year round in Mexico.
 The Brazilian galliwasp (Diploglossus lessonae) is a carnivorous species of lizard found in the north-eastern and south-eastern parts of Brazil. It is known in Brazil as the briba.
 Phanus is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Acraea disjuncta is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and Uganda.The larvae feed on Urera hypselodendron.
 Taenia serialis also known as a canid tapeworm is found within canines such as foxes and dogs. Adult T. serialis are parasites of carnivores particularly dogs with herbivorous lagomorph mammals such as rabbits and hares serving as intermediate hosts. In definitive hosts T. serialis is acquired by eating tissues from a variety of intermediate hosts.
 The Chihuahuan Mouse (Peromyscus polius) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 Phelsuma pronki Seipp 1994 is diurnal species of geckos. It lives in central Madagascar and typically inhabits rainforests and dwells on trees. Phelsuma pronki feeds on insects and nectar.
 Trypeta fulvoabdominalis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 The Cidaridae is a family of sea urchins in the order Cidaroida.
 Turbonilla thewe is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Pale Shining Brown (Polia bombycina) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone from Ireland to Japan including the Russian Far East and Siberia.The wingspan is 43–52 mm.
 Manoba argentalis is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Moore in 1867. It is found in India (Sikkim).The larvae have been recorded feeding on Castanopsis indica.
 The Common Yellowthroat (Geothlypis trichas) is a New World warbler. They are abundant breeders in North America ranging from southern Canada to central Mexico.
 Common name: two-headed snakes.Chilorhinophis is a genus of venomous snakes found in Africa. Currently three species are recognized.
 Abaera chalcea is a species of snout moths in the genus Abaera. It was described by Hampson in 1897 and is known from Brazil.
 Cyathochromis obliquidens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi in east Africa where it is found in shallow vegetated waters from 1 to 6 metres (3.3 to 19.7 ft) depth. It is an algae grazer mainly from the leaves of aquatic vegetation. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It is also found in the aquarium trade. It currently is the only known member of its genus.
 Herina rivosecchii is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Belloliva tubulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Ethmia coscineutis is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Vesperus fuentei is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Spain.
 Anotoceras is a smooth shelled discoidal ammonite with a depressed subtrigonal whorl section and ceratitic sutures included in the ceratitid family Otoceratidae. Anotoceras comes from the Lower Triassic of the Himalaya
 Asylaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Argentala subcoerulea is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia Panama and Costa Rica.
 Euphaedra leloupi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lomami and Lualaba).
 Chaetoderma elegans is a species of glisten worm a kind of shell-less worm-like mollusk in the family Chaetodermidae. This species is found in the Eastern Pacific Ocean.
 The Dusky Grouper (Epinephelus marginatus formerly Epinephelus gigas) or Merou is the best known grouper of the Mediterranean Sea and North Africa coast. It is said to have the best taste of all Mediterranean fishes.
 Suta is a genus of venomous elapid snakes native to mainland Australia.
 The Black-cheeked Warbler (Basileuterus melanogenys) is a New World warbler which is a resident breeding bird endemic to the mountains of central and southern Costa Rica and western Panama.It is normally found in oak forests with a dense bamboo understory from 2500 m altitude to the timberline but occasionally occurs as low as 1600 m.
 Ocinebrina erronea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Enicopus is a genus of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Dasytinae. Species in this genus are present in most of Europe and in the East Palearctic ecozone.
 Agonopterix leucadensis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Greece.
 The urial (Ovis orientalis vignei) also known as the arkars or shapo is a subspecies group of the wild sheep Ovis orientalis. Noticeable features are the reddish-brown long fur that fades during winter; males are characterized by a black ruff stretching from the neck to the chest and large horns. It is found in western central Asia. The other subspecies group of O. orientalis is the Mouflon (Ovis orientalis orientalis group). The two groups have often been considered separate species.
 The El Dorado Grass Mouse or Utcubamba Akodont (Akodon orophilus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
 Ormetica rosenbergi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Ecuador.
 Gagata pakistanica is a species of sisorid catfish which is probably endemic to Pakistan.
 Lasioderma serricorne commonly known as the cigarette beetle cigar beetle or tobacco beetle is very similar in appearance to the drugstore beetle (Stegobium paniceum) and the common furniture beetle (Anobium punctatum) and all three species belong to the family Anobiidae.L. serricorne is around 2–3 mm long and brown in colour. The beetles which can fly live 2–6 weeks and do not feed as adults. They can be distinguished from A. punctatum by the fact that A.
 Schistura oedipus is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Thailand.
 Tipula fascipennis is a species of True Craneflies.
 Acropserotarache is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acronicta concrepta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Korean Peninsula China Japan (Hokkaido) the Russian Far East (Primorye Khabarovsk Amur region Sakhalin southern Kuriles) and south-eastern Siberia (Transbaikalia).
 Phoxinellus pseudalepidotus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Bosnia and Herzegovina.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The European conger Conger conger is a species of conger of the family Congridae. It is the largest eel in the world and native to the northeast Atlantic including the Mediterranean Sea.
 Pelophylax is a genus of true frogs widespread in Eurasia with a few species ranging into northern Africa. This genus was erected by Leopold Fitzinger in 1843 to accommodate the green frogs of the Old World which he considered distinct from the brown pond frogs of Carl Linnaeus' genus Rana.They are also known as water frogs as they spend much of the summer living in aquatic habitat; the pond frogs can be found more often by comparison on dry land as long as there is sufficient humidity.
 Smith's Woolly Bat (Kerivoula smithii) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Nigeria and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eatoniella subgoniostoma is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae the eatoniellids.
 The Plexippinae are a subfamily of the jumping spiders (Salticidae). They are native to the Old World.
 Dalmaniturus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now western Mongolia. It was described by Chernysheva in 1937 and the type species is Dalmaniturus weberi.
 Mimosophira is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Copelatus punctulatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Aubé in 1838.
 Never So Bold (26 April 1980 – 8 February 2000) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was a specialist sprinter who recorded all his important wins at distances between five and six and a half furlongs. After finishing unplaced in his only start as a two-year-old he showed good but unexceptional form in handicaps the following season.
 The Torrent-lark (Grallina bruijni) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
 Conus ebraeus common name the black-and-white cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.
 The skink genus Chioninia belongs to the subfamily Lygosominae. For long this genus was included in the wastebin taxon Mabuya; it contains the Cape Verde mabuyas.
 Mangelia tenuicostata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Heteroclinus flavescens the Short-tassel weedfish is a species of clinid native to the Pacific Ocean waters around New Zealand and Australia. This species are known to feed on fishes and benthic crustaceans.
 Mantidactylus biporus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mesechinus is a genus of hedgehogs. It contains two species: Daurian hedgehog (Mesechinus dauuricus) Hugh's hedgehog (Mesechinus hughi)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Neptis kikideli is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Baliochila stygia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found along the coast of Kenya and in Tanzania (the north coast including Pemba Island). The habitat consists of coastal forests.
 Maradana fuscolimbalis is a species of snout moths. It is found on Sardinia and Malta and in Tunisia.The wingspan is about 19 mm.
 Opisthencentrus dentipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Opisthencentrus.
 Argyresthia ivella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland the Netherlands the Iberian Peninsula Finland Italy Slovakia and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing in July and August.The larvae feed on Malus and Corylus species including Corylus avellana. They feed in the shoot of their host plant.
 Tigrioides grisescens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1908. It is found in New Guinea where it is found in Papua New Guinea and the Central Mountain Range in Papua.
 Euphorticus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Euphorticus leucoscelis (Bates 1878) Euphorticus occidentalis G. Horn 1891 Euphorticus pubescens (Dejean 1831)↑
 Cesonia is a genus of spider in the Gnaphosidae family.
 The Dusky-backed Jacamar (Brachygalba salmoni) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Colombia and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Crimson-breasted Finch (Rhodospingus cruentus) also known as the Crimson Finch-tanager is a species of small finch-like bird native to woodland and scrub of western Ecuador and adjacent north-western Peru. It is the monotypic within the genus Rhodospingus. It has traditionally been placed in the family Emberizidae but is now associated with Thraupidae.
 Strabomantis necopinus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The spined pygmy shark (Squaliolus laticaudus) is a species of dogfish shark in the family Dalatiidae found widely in all oceans. With a maximum known length of 28 cm (11 in) it is one of the smallest living sharks. This shark has a slender cigar-shaped body with a sizable conical snout a long but low second dorsal fin and an almost symmetrical caudal fin. It and its sister species S. aliae are the only sharks with a spine on the first dorsal fin and not the second.
 Semiopyla is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Eulima gracilenta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Achryson philippii is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Germain in 1897. It is known from Chile.
 Poliobotys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eupithecia acosmos is a moth in the Geometridae family.
 Ferreira's fish-eating rat (Neusticomys ferreirai) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is known only from one lowland tropical rainforest location in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. It is named after 18th-century Brazilian naturalist Alexandre Rodrigues Ferreira.
 The golden tortoise beetle (Charidotella sexpunctata) is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family Chrysomelidae. It is native to the Americas.This beetle is associated with plants in the family Convolvulaceae including sweet potato morning glories and bindweeds. Adults and larvae feed on foliage.The beetle is 5 to 7 millimeters in length. It is variable in color from orange to gold and it is often metallic earning it the nickname goldbug.
 Carabus hispanus is a species of beetle in family Carabidae native to southwestern France with the Massif Central as the northern boundary of its distribution range.
 Lusitanops cingulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Dindica taiwana is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 45-57 mm.
 The Mountain Buzzard (Buteo oreophilus) is a bird of prey that lives in montane forests in East Africa (Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania Uganda Rwanda Burundi and extreme eastern DR Congo) and forests and plantations in South Africa. The latter population is sometimes considered a separate species the Forest Buzzard (B. o. trizonatus).At 45–50 cm it is smaller than the Steppe Buzzard and darker brown with less rufous above.
 Tigriopus californicus is an intertidal copepod species that occurs on the Pacific coast of North America. This species has been the subject of numerous scientific studies on subjects ranging from ecology and evolution to neurobiology.
 Hypseleotris kimberleyensis the Barnett River gudgeon is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Australia where it is only known from the Barnett River system of Kimberley Western Australia. Its preferred habitat is rocky pools and streams. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) SL.
 Erbiopsidella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Acropora is a genus of small polyp stony coral in the Phylum Cnidaria. Some of its species are known as table coral elkhorn coral and staghorn coral. Over 149 species are described. Acropora is one of the major reef corals responsible for building the immense calcium carbonate substructure that supports the thin living skin of a reef.
 Mordella phungi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1923.
 The Bristletooth conger (Xenomystax congroides) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David G. Smith and Robert H. Kanazawa in 1989. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western Atlantic Ocean including northeastern Florida U.S.A.; the Gulf of Mexico the Amazon River the Bahamas and the West Indies. It dwells at a depth range of 140-825 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 87.6 centimetres.
 Garudinodes albiceps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Forficula lurida is a species of earwig in the family Forficulidae. It is mostly found in the Palaearctic ecozone as well as parts of the Afrotropic ecozone.
 Proedromys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae from China. It is part of the tribe Arvicolini within the subfamily Arvicolinae which contains the voles lemmings and relatives.It contains the following species: Duke of Bedford's Vole (Proedromys bedfordi)Proedromys liangshanensis
 Agra liv (Erwin 2002) is a species of carabid beetle named after the first name of the actress Liv Tyler starlet of the movie Armageddon...because the existence of this species of elegant beetle is dependent upon the rainforest not undergoing an armageddon.
 Amietophrynus langanoensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Ethiopia possibly Eritrea and possibly Somalia.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Hildegarde's shrew (Crocidura hildegardeae) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Rwanda and Tanzania. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Pseudoeurycea aurantia is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Griesbachites is a Late Triassic ceratitid included in the Haloritidae with widespread distribution from the Alps through the Himalaya and Timur to British Columbia. The shell of Griesbachites is involute subglobose to subdiscoidal ribbed; with sloping sides converging on an arched venter. Like Juvavites except has nodes or clavi on the ventrolateral area of the phragmocone. Suture ammonitic.
 Copelatus melanogrammus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1883.
 The Orange-footed Scrubfowl (Megapodius reinwardt) is a small megapode of the family Megapodiidae.This species comprises five subspecies found on many islands in Wallacea as well as southern New Guinea and northern Australia. It is a terrestrial bird the size of a domestic chicken and dark-coloured with strong orange legs and a pointed crest at the back of the head. It utilises a range of forest and scrub habitats and has colonised many small islands throughout its range.
 Hypercompe lemairei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Crested capuchin or robust tufted capuchin (Sapajus robustus) is a species of tufted capuchin. It's endemic from Brazil and it occurs between Doce and Jequitinhonha rivers in Espírito Santo Minas Gerais and Bahia. Formerly it was considered a subspecies of black capuchin but according Silva Jr (2001) it's a separated species.
 Alloclemensia is a genus of moths of the Incurvariidae family.
 Glyphipterix cyanophracta is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1882. It is found in Australia including New South Wales and Victoria.
 Xenopoclinus leprosus the Leprous platanna-klipfish is a species of clinid found along the coast of South Africa from the Orange River to Algoa Bay. It can be found on substrates of sand or gravel. It can reach a maximum length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Schistura bairdi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.This species has so far only been found in the mainstream Mekong River in southern Laos in the Khone Falls area which is on the border with Stung Treng and Preah Vihear provinces in northeastern Cambodia.
 Scopula bullata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran (Balutchistan).The wingspan is 17-18 mm. The wings are greyish white with a yellowish sheen with yellowish grey transverse stripes.
 Euriphene obtusangula the Banded Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Bennu Heron (Ardea bennuides) is a large extinct heron from the United Arab Emirates. Its remains have been dated to the Umm al-Nar period (2500 - 2000 BCE). It is thought to be the inspiration for the Bennu in Egyptian Mythology hence the specific name.
 Eremiaphila reticulata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Acontista in the family Eremiaphilidae.
 Eutrichiurides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Mesenchytraeus solifugus is a species of Oligochaete worms commonly called ice worms. Ice worms populate coastal glaciers in North America from Alaska to northern Washington State. They are the only known worm to spend their entire life in temperatures near 0 °C. Even if other places are equally cold ice worms never venture onto any other terrain. They eat the abundant snow algae and pollen carried by the wind.Mesenchytraeus solifugus have a very narrow acceptable temperature range.
 Propertius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Recurvaria nanella the Lesser bud moth is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely distributed in Europe and is also found in Turkey the Near East North Africa (including Egypt) the Caucasus Transcaucasia Kazakhstan and south-eastern Siberia. It is also found in North America where it is probably introduced.The wingspan is 10–12 mm.
 Kestratherina is a genus of silversides endemic to the eastern Indian Ocean off of southern Australia.
 Eteoryctis picrasmae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū).The wingspan is 7.6–10 mm.The larvae feed on Picrasma quassioides. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Grant's zebra (Equus quagga boehmi) is the smallest of six subspecies of the plains zebra. This subspecies represents the zebra form of the Serengeti-Mara ecosystem.
 Yantanglestes is a genus of small Chinese mesonychid with slender jaws that first appeared during the Early Paleocene and was found throughout Asia. It is the oldest known mesonychid. Yantanglestes went extinct during the Nongshanian division of the Late Paleocene and lived sympatrically with its descendant genera including Dissacus Sinonyx and Jiangxia.
 Teleostei is one of three infraclasses in class Actinopterygii the ray-finned fishes. This diverse group which arose in the Triassic period includes 26840 extant species in about 40 orders and 448 families; most living fishes are members of this group. The other two infraclasses Holostei and Chondrostei may be paraphyletic.
 Ichneumoninae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.Ichneumoninae are koinobiont or idiobiont endoparasitoids of Lepidoptera.This is the second largest subfamily of Ichneumonidae with 373 genera.Ichneumonines are often large conspicuous colourful insects.They have a 5-sided areoleta dorso-ventrally flattened abdomen a long sternaulus and the clypeus is truncate exposing the labium.
 Clevosaurus (CLEE-vo-SORE-us) (Gloucester lizard) is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Triassic and the Jurassic periods of Nova Scotia Great Britain (C. bairdi) and Yunnan (C. mcgilli). Clevosaurus was extremely similar to the modern tuatara in almost every way; the two genera differ in only certain features of the teeth and skull anatomies as well as size. Clevosaurus was smaller than the modern Tuatara.
 Macotasa dimorpha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in the Philippines.
 Polyommatus dama is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to Turkey. Its natural habitat is temperate shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Astrapian Sicklebill also known as the Green-breasted Riflebird is a bird in the family Paradisaeidae that believed to be an intergeneric hybrid between an Arfak Astrapia and Black Sicklebill. This explanation was proposed by Erwin Stresemann who used the same explanation for the Elliot's Bird of Paradise. The two forms are substantially different and the latter's validity is still under question.
 Pseudovermidae is a taxonomic family of minute sea slugs specifically aolid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusks.This family has no subfamilies.These extremely small sea slugs are meiofauna; they live among sand grains.
 The Ludwig’s Double-collared Sunbird or Montane Double-collared Sunbird (Cinnyris ludovicensis) (sometimes placed in the genus Nectarinia) is a small passerine bird which breeds in forested mountains above 1800 m in western Angola.Its flight is fast and direct on short wings. It lives mainly on nectar from flowers but takes some fruit and especially when feeding young insects and spiders.. It can take nectar by hovering like a hummingbird but usually perches to feed most of the time.
 Aeolostoma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Kaempfer's Woodpecker (Celeus obrieni) also known as Piauí Woodpecker is a species of woodpecker from Brazil. The type specimen a female was collected in the Brazilian state of Piauí in 1926. No other individuals were collected or seen and the bird was feared extinct until a male was captured by Advaldo Dias do Prado during mist netting in 2006 in the state of Tocantins.
 The Grenada worm snake or Grenada Bank blindsnake (Typhlops tasymicris) is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Grenada an island in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.It reaches a total length of 180 mm. It has light lines on its dorsal surface and its ventral surface is unpigmented.
 Biuncaria is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Idiosepius picteti is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific waters off eastern Indonesia.I. picteti grows to 17 mm in mantle length.The type specimen was collected near Ambon Island in Indonesia and is deposited at the Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle in Geneva.
 Odostomia ornatissima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Benny the Dip (1994–2003) was an American-bred and British-trained Thoroughbred race horse and sire. In a career which lasted from 1996 to 1997 he ran eleven times and won five races most notably the 1997 Epsom Derby. Benny the Dip was retired to stud at the end of his three-year-old season. He died after sustaining an injury in a paddock accident in 2003.
 Calliostoma springeri common name Springer's top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Argyresthia pulchella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia the Netherlands France Germany Switzerland Austria Italy Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Romania Latvia Estonia and Russia.The wingspan is 10–13 mm. The forewings are dark brown to brownish black. Adults are on wing from the beginning of June to August.The larvae feed on Sorbus aucuparia and sometimes Malus and Corylus avellana. They feed on the fruit of their host plant.
 Pseudophycis is a genus of codlings of the family Moridae found around New Zealand Australia and Tasmania.
 The Early Thorn (Selenia dentaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Northern Europe Northern and Eastern Asia.The wingspan is 28–40 mm. The moth flies in two generation from April to August .The larva feed on various deciduous trees such as birch and alder.
 Ceromitia benedicta is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Amphibolidae is a family of air-breathing snails with opercula terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs.The family is considered to be among the most primitive[citation needed] of the pulmonate gastropods for although amphibolids breathe air they also have opercula and at least some species go through a free-swimming veliger stage.
 Schistura imitator is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Latouchia swinhoei or African Trapdoor Spider is a trapdoor spider from the family Ctenizidae. The spider was originally found in Okinawa and other tropical islands in the area it was then discovered in Africa. The spider was thriving in the locations they were found in.
 The Copper Ant-blue or Cuprea Ant-blue (Acrodipsas cuprea) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Australia from southern Queensland to Victoria.The wingspan is about 20 mm.The larvae feed on the larvae of Crematogaster ant species.
 Inermocoelotes drenskii is a funnel-web spider species found in Bulgaria.
 Tischeria martinkrugeri is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Stigmella pyrivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is endemic to Cyprus.The larvae feed on Pyrus syriaca. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine resembles the mine of Stigmella paradoxa.
 Megasoma occidentalis is a species of scarab beetle from Mexico.
 Phtheochroa subfumida is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Central Asia Armenia the south-eastern part of European Russia and Iran.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in May and August.The larvae feed on Haloxylon ammodendron and Salsola arbuscula.
 Charaxes galleyanus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo.According to Vingerhoedt it is a synonym for Charaxes etheocles.
 Harrison's gerbil Gerbillus mesopotamiae is a gerbil a small mammal in the rodent order. It is distributed mainly in the Tigris-Euphrates Valley in Iraq and western Iran. It is also known as the Mesopotamian gerbil.
 Sphodromantis viridis is a species of praying mantis that is kept worldwide as a pet. Its common names include African mantis giant African mantis and bush mantis.
 Himeroconcha is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Chrysallida annobonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the large Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Mordellistena piciventris is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1952.
 Pyrrhura is a genus of parrots in the Arini tribe. They occur in tropical and subtropical South America and southern Central America (Panama and Costa Rica). Most are restricted to humid forest and adjacent habitats but one species the Blaze-winged Parakeet prefers deciduous or gallery woodland and another the Pfrimer's Parakeet is restricted to dry regions. Some species are highly endangered.Depending on the species the total length range from 22 to 30 cm (8½-12 in).
 Kapcypridopsis is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae subfamily Cypridopsinae. It includes the critically endangered species Kapcypridopsis barnardi.
 Prolobosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Prolobosia schistacea which is found in Peru.
 Exyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Acroplectis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Peragrarchis pelograpta is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found on the Austral Islands.
 Pseudotropheus fainzilberi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. It can reach a length of 12.9 centimetres (5.1 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Saurita tijuca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Turbinella angulata common name the West Indian chank shell is a species of very large tropical sea snail with a gill and an operculum a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae. The name chank for the shell of this species is derived from the word shankha the divine conch or sacred conch Turbinella pyrum a closely related species from the Indian Ocean.
 Driloleirus is an earthworm genus in the family Megascolecidae.This genus includes at least two species: Driloleirus americanus – giant Palouse earthworm Washington giant earthworm Driloleirus macelfreshi – Oregon giant earthworm↑
 Phallaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Ivory-billed Woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus flavigaster) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.It is found in Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest. No more information on this wiki at the moment. Please help by expanding it.
 Batrachedra psithyra is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on various ferns.
 Xeniaria jacobsoni is a species of earwigs in the genus Xeniaria family Arixeniidae the suborder Arixeniina and the order Dermaptera. It is one of three genera in the genus Xeniaria.
 Cadlina luteomarginata common name the yellow-edged cadlina is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Hilarographa tasekia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Malaysia.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white preserved as a subtornal marking followed by a whitish medio-subterminal area. The transverse fasciae are suffused olive brownish marked with refractive bluish fasciae. The costal strigulae are grey olive but white at the costa and subcostally. The hindwings are brown with a white median area.
 Aloeides angolensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Angola.
 The Hill Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis banyumas) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Brunei Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam.
 Temnora plagiata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Africa.The length of the forewings is 21–23 mm. The forewing outer margin is bisinuate strongly convex in the middle and feebly denticulate. The underside of the abdomen has two series of brown dots. The forewing upperside has a conspicuous strongly curved brown antemedian band a discal spot and a dark brown ring with a pale centre. There is also a large sharply defined quadrangular costal patch.
 Barsboldia (meaning of Barsbold a well-known Mongolian paleontologist) was a genus of large hadrosaurid dinosaur from the early Maastrichtian Nemegt Formation of Ömnogöv' Mongolia. It is known from a partial vertebral column partial pelvis and some ribs.
 Conus glicksteini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Boxwood Leaftier Moth or Boxwood Webworm (Galasa nigrinodis) is moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in eastern North America.The wingspan is 13-20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on the leaves of Buxus species. They tie together and eat dead leaves of their host plant.
 The Black-tailed Cisticola (Cisticola melanurus) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Angola and Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Scopula rostrilinea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Caledothele is a spider genus in the funnel-web tarantulas super-family Dipluroidea found in Australia.
 Eupithecia marginata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from Cyprus through the northern Caucasus (Daghestan) Armenia Azerbaijan Iran Afghanistan Uzbekistan Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan to south-eastern Kazakhstan (the Tien-Shan Mountains) and north-western China (Xinjiang).
 Miriclytus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Miriclytus miri (Galileo & Martins 2007) Miriclytus quadrifasciatus (Chevrolat 1862) Miriclytus triangularis Martins & Galileo 2011↑
 The Coega Copper (Aloeides clarki) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from low slopes and ridges in coastal Karoo flats in the East Cape and flat rocky land further inland.The wingspan is 25–28 mm for males and 25–29 mm females. Adults are on wing from October to April. There are multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on Aspalathus species.
 Mimacraea paragora is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 The Volcano Clawed Frog (Xenopus amieti) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes pastureland and aquaculture ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Palaeotrochidae is an extinct family of fossil snails gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This is the only family in the superfamily Palaeotrochoidea. This family has no subfamilies.
 Uaru is a small genus of cichlids found in blackwater and whitewater habitats in the upper Orinoco and Rio Negro rivers of the Amazon basin.
 Anapisa is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Pareuchaetes aurata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1875. It is found in Brazil Argentina and Paraguay.
 Eudalaca exul is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 The crescentchests are a genus Melanopareia of birds from South America. The genus has long been placed with the tapaculos in the Rhinocryptidae family. Their placement there has been questioned and in 2007 the genus was placed in its own family Melanopareiidae by the South American Classification Committee. Subsequently the family was accepted by the International Ornithological Congress Bird List and the Clements Checklist.
 Neosilvanus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae containing the following species: Neosilvanus atratulus Grouvelle Neosilvanus levicollis Grouvelle↑
 The Trinidad Piping Guan (Pipile pipile) is a bird in the chachalaca guan and curassow family Cracidae.This species is found only in Trinidad; it is close to extinction. This is a medium-sized cracid 60 cm in length and similar in general appearance to turkeys with thin necks and small heads. They are forest birds and the nest is built in a tree. Three large white eggs are laid the female alone incubating.
 Lasaeola tristis is a tangle web spider species found from Europe to Central Asia. It is notably found in Lithuania.
 Xyloscia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The rock-wallabies are the wallabies of the genus Petrogale.
 Apodemia mormo langei known by the common name Lange's Metalmark Butterfly is an endangered North American butterfly. It is a subspecies of the Mormon metalmark and belongs to the family Riodinidae. The butterfly is endemic to California where it is known from one strip of riverbank in the San Francisco Bay Area. A 2008 count estimated the total remaining population at 131 individuals. Since 2011 this number has dropped to about 25–30.
 Tetropium guatemalanum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1892.
 Coleophora trientella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Slovenia Slovakia Hungary Romania Serbia and Montenegro Ukraine southern Russia Turkestan the Palestinian Territories and China. It occurs in desert biotopes and in salt-marshes.Adults are on wing in spring and at end of summer. There are possibly two generations per year.The larvae feed on the flowers of Corispermum species including Corispermum lehmannianum. They create a silky short thick case.
 Corallus caninus commonly called the emerald tree boa is a non-venomous boa species found in the rainforests of South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Sibinia subelliptica is a species of acorn and nut weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae subfamily Curculioninae. This beetle is present in most of Europe and in East Palearctic ecozone in the Near East and in North Africa. Larvae feed on seeds while pupation occurs into the soil. The adults grow up to 2–3 millimetres (0.079–0.118 in) long and can be encountered from May through August especially on Asteraceae species and Dianthus carthusianorum.
 Aganoptila is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Coleophora tamara is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Adelomelon ancilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Clathrodrillia allyniana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Neocomitidae is a family of Lower Cretaceous ammonitids comprising genera with strongly ribbed evolute (all whorls exposed) to smooth fairly involute (inner whorls mostly hidden) shells. In the 1967 description of the family Neocomitidae was regarded as the subfamily Neocomitinae within the Berriasellidae a family within the Perisphinctoidae that ranged from the Late Jurassic into the Early Cretaceous.
 Propyria criton is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Guatemala.
 Apatelodes paulista is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Brazil (São Paulo).The wingspan is about 47–57 mm. The forewings are grey irrorated with yellowish-brown with a light brown wavy antemedial band. The hindwings are yellowish-brown with indistinct medial and postmedial lines.
 Hellinsia ossipellis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Dominican Republic.The wingspan is 16 millimetres (0.63 in). The forewings are uniformly bone‑grey. The hindwings are bone‑grey with a slightly bluer tinge. Adults are on wing in May.
 Austrotrophon pinnata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Scopula immistaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Bulgaria Ukraine and Russia.
 Cochylis erromena is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Pollia dorbignyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Senegal lemniscomys or Senegal one-striped grass mouse (Lemniscomys linulus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Mali and Senegal.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Chlorocnemis montana is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is found in Malawi and Tanzania. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Thitarodes is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. In English Thitarodes is known as ghost moth. They are found in eastern Asia. The majority are restricted to the Tibetan Plateau. Often in Chinese entemological nomenclature Thitarodes is still referred to as Hepialus although the name was changed back in 1968. Furthermore some authors use incorrectly the term bat moth which is a bad translation of the Chinese term for ghost moth.
 Blennophis is a genus of clinids found in the southeastern Atlantic ocean.
 The cliff chipmunk (Tamias dorsalis) is a small bushy-tailed squirrel that typically lives along cliff walls or boulder fields bordering Pinyon-juniper woodlands in the Western United States and Mexico. Cliff chipmunks are very agile and can often be seen scaling steep cliff walls. Cliff chipmunks do not amass body fat as the more common ground squirrel does. They create a stash of food which they frequent during the cold winter months.
 The russet free-tailed bat (Chaerephon russata) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ghana and Kenya. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Zaprochilus is a genus of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It contains the following species: Zaprochilus ninae
 Phymatodes varius is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Odontopodisma is a genus of insect in family Acrididae. It contains the following species: Odontopodisma montana Odontopodisma rubripes
 'Litoria spartacus' is a new species from the genus Litoria. It was found in Papua New Guinea in the Southern Highlands Province. It has affinities to Litoria macki and Litoria spinifera but has a smaller size and more extensively webbed hands and less tuberculate body.
 The Himalayan Cutia (Cutia nipalensis) is a bird species in the family Leiothrichidae. Its scientific name ultimately means the khutya from Nepal as Cutia is derived from the Nepali name for these birds and nipalensis is Latin for from Nepal.This species inhabits the Himalayan region from India to northern Thailand. A subspecies also occurs in Peninsular Malaysia.
 Dictyna szaboi is spider species found in Hungary Czech Republic Slovakia and Russia.
 Euterebra brevicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Helophilus trivittatus is a European hoverfly.
 Adelomelon scoresbyana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Schinia accessa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Texas southern Arizona Colorado and Mexico.The wingspan is about 27 mm.The larvae feed on Artemisia tridentata.
 Carabus sylvestris is a species of either black or brown-coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Austria Czech Republic Hungary Italy Liechtenstein Poland Romania Slovakia Slovenia Ukraine and the Netherlands.
 Dentimargo ratzingeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Chloroclystis elaeopa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).Adults have brown patterned wings. There is a dark mark near the centre of the forewing.
 Sphodromantis aurea is a species of praying mantis found in Liberia and Ghana.
 Pollanisus apicalis is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in the eastern part of Australia (Queensland New South Wales Australian Capital Territory Victoria South Australia and Tasmania).The larvae feed on Hibbertia obtusifolia and Hibbertia virgata. Adult moths are day-flying and can be found feeding during the hottest hours of the day. Mating takes place in the afternoon and lasts until the following morning and following this the female lays eggs on the host plant.
 Zonda (foaled 1994 in New Zealand) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 1997. His career faced unfortunate setbacks from injury.
 Gymnoscelis crassata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on São Tomé.
 Nosoderma plicatum (formerly Phloeodes plicatus) is a beetle of the Family Zopheridae.
 Neotomoxia curticornis is a species of beetle in the Neotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1967.
 The map (araschnia levana) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is common throughout the lowlands of central and eastern Europe and is expanding its range in Western Europe.In the UK this species is a very rare vagrant but there have also been several unsuccessful – and now illegal – attempts at introducing this species over the past 100 years or so: in the Wye Valley in 1912 the Wyre Forest in the 1920s South Devon 1942 Worcester 1960s Cheshire 1970s South Midlands 1990s.
 The Tibiceninae are a subfamily of cicadas containing the covered-tymbal cicadas. In some treatments this group is merged whole or in part with the Cicadinae (translucent cicadas).
 The Roosevelt elk (Cervus canadensis roosevelti) also known as Olympic elk is the largest of the four surviving subspecies of elk in North America. They live in the rain forests of the Pacific Northwest and were introduced to Alaska's Afognak and Raspberry Islands in 1928. The desire to protect the elk was one of the primary forces behind the establishment of the Mount Olympus National Monument (later Olympic National Park) in 1909.
 Xylostola indistincta is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics to New Guinea.The wingspan is 33–41 mm.
 Epicephala stauropa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Meghalaya).
 Blaberolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Oreochima is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Middle Jurassic epoch.
 Cylichna zealandica is a species of sea snail or bubble snail a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Cylichnidae the chalice bubble snails or canoe bubble snails.
 Gephyrochromis moorii is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Farlowella schreitmuelleri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Amazon basin. This species grows to a length of 18.1 centimetres (7.1 in) SL.
 Gunterichthys is a genus of viviparous brotula.
 Cymothoe collinsi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of montane forests at an altitude of about 1800 meters.
 Chrysocercops thapai is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia and Nepal.The wingspan is 5.7-7 mm.The larvae feed on Shorea robusta. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a linear gallery occurring on the lower or rarely upper surface of the leaf. Later after reaching the leaf-margin it is broadened into a blotch usually elongate along the margin. Finally in mature condition the leaf margin with the mine is folded downward or rarely upward.
 The Micropezidae are a moderate-sized family of acalyptrate muscoid flies in the insect order Diptera comprising about 500 species in about 50 genera and 5 subfamilies worldwide (except New Zealand and Macquarie Island). They are most diverse in tropical and subtropical habitats especially in the Neotropical Region.Insects in this family are commonly called stilt-legged flies after their characteristically long legs. The fore legs are markedly smaller than the other pairs.
 Triplophysa dalaica is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Elachista bazaella is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Spain.
 Periclepsis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Mouldingia orientalis is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Acrocercops selmatica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Assam).
 Nigryigoga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sphingulini is a tribe of moths of the Sphingidae family.
 The Wood Pipit or Woodland Pipit (Anthus nyassae) is a small passerine bird belonging to the pipit genus Anthus in the family Motacillidae. It was formerly included in the Long-billed Pipit (Anthus similis) but is now frequently treated as a separate species. It is a bird of miombo woodland in south-central Africa unlike the Long-billed Pipit which inhabits open grassland. It perches in trees when flushed but forages on the ground for invertebrates.It is 16-18 centimetres long.
 Issikiocrania is a genus of moth of the Eriocraniidae family. It contains only one species Issikiocrania japonicella which is found in Japan.The larvae feed on Fagus crenata.
 Eupithecia laboriosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Northerly (17 October 1996 – 9 May 2012) was an Australian racehorse who is considered arguably Australia's best middle distance Thoroughbred horse of the early 2000s.
 Ministrymon janevicroy Vicroy’s Ministreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from the southern United States (Texas) to Costa Rica (Guanacaste). There are disjunct populations on Curaçao and Isla Margarita (Venezuela). The habitat consists of dry deciduous forests and scrubs.The length of the forewings is 9.1 mm for both males and females. Adults resemble Ministrymon azia but have olive green eyes instead of the dark brown/black eyes.
 Phityogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Scopula parodites is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Malaysia.
 Ancylosis albidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is known from Uzbekistan Spain Portugal Hungary and Slovakia.
 The Pander's Ground Jay Grey Ground Jay or Turkestan Ground-jay (Podoces panderi) is a species of bird in the crow and jay family Corvidae. It is found in central Asia particularly Kazakhstan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. It is closely related to the Persian Ground-jay of Iran. Its natural habitat is sandy desert with low shrub cover. It also forages around human settlements and roads.
 Clea scalarina is a Southeast Asian species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks most of which are marine.
 The yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever chikungunya and yellow fever viruses and other diseases. The mosquito can be recognized by white markings on legs and a marking in the form of a lyre on the thorax. The mosquito originated in Africa but is now found in tropical and subtropical regions throughout the world.
 Robinsonia flavicorpus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1910. It is found in Guyana and French Guiana.
 Telipna ducarmei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Bush Blackcap (Lioptilus nigricapillus) is a species of bird in the Sylviidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Lioptilus.[citation needed]It is found in South Africa and Swaziland.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phtheochroa annae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Hungary Romania and Greece.The wingspan is about 21-23 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from April to May.The larvae feed on Bryonia dioica.
 Ovula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Austroceratites is an extinct shelled cephalopod genus that lived during the Triassic included in ammonoid order Ceratitida. Within the Ceratitida Autroceratites belongs in the family Ceratitidae and subfamily Ceratitinae.Ceratitidae in which Austroceratites is placed is a mid Triassic family that has left evolute to involute stoutly ribbed discoidal shells with ceratitic sutures.
 Agonum galvestonicum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the United States.
 Pentagnostus is a genus of trilobites restricted to the Middle Cambrian. Its remains have been found in Siberia Australia North America Scandinavia and Kazakhstan.
 The Meiatermes is an extinct genus of termites that belonged to the Hodotermitidae. Their fossils have been obtained from early Cretaceous deposits in Brazil and Spain.
 Abisara caeca is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of swamp forests.
 Macotasa nedoshivinae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The length of the forewings is 10–12 mm for males and 12–13 mm for females. The species exhibits sexual dimorphism. The forewings of the males have a brownish black trapezoid spot at the middle of the costa and an elongate patch of androconial scales in the discal cell along the radial vein. The hindwings are yellow in the basal medial and tornal parts with a brownish grey apex and outer margin.
 Milyeringa is a genus of blind cave-fish from the Cape Range and Barrow Island northwestern Australia. The genus has traditionally been placed in Eleotridae but it is of uncertain placement within Gobioidei and some have tentatively placed it in its own family Milyeringidae.
 Gampola is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Pseudopostega sumbae is a species of moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Puplesis and Robinson in 1999. It is known only from Sumba in Indonesia.
 Nereis vexillosa belongs to the phylum Annelida a group known as the segmented worms. It is generally iridescent green and can reach 30 cm in length. It can be distinguished by the size of the upper ligules on the notopodia of the posterior region of the body. The upper ligules are much larger than the lower ligules. It is also without a collar-like structure around the peristomium.
 Mordella braueri is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1910.
 Stictorhinus potamius is a species of freshwater eel in the family Ophichthidae. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in the major river basins of Brazil.
 Himalayan Blackvein Aporia leucodice is a midsized to large butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India.
 Conops elegans is a fly species in the genus Conops that can be found in Cyprus France and Spain.
 The Arctic woodland ringlet (Erebia polaris or Erebia medusa polaris) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Lappland and Boreal Asia. The habitat consists of damp grasslands but this butterfly also occurs on dry grasslands and in waste places often where shelter is provided by birches or juniper bushes.
 Odostomia hilgendorfi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Eilema stevensii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in Tanzania.
 Heteropsis bicristata is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Weejasperaspis gavini is an extinct acanthothoracid placoderm found in the Taemas-Weejasper Reef of the Early Devonian-aged Buchan Group in eastern Victoria Australia. Weejasperaspis differs from other acanthothoracids in that the median dorsal crest is short and triangular-shaped. Its sister genus Murrindalaspis differs from it by having large blade-like median dorsal crests that are recurved. Like Murrindalaspis it is only known from a dorsal plate and ossified eyeballs.
 Pachyiulus humicola is a species of millipede from Julidae family that is endemic to Italy.
 The cylindrical lanternshark Etmopterus carteri is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found along the Caribbean coast of Colombia in South America at depths of between 285 and 355 m. Its maximum length is 21 cm.Reproduction is presumed to be ovoviviparous with three to 20 pups of 10 – 20 cm in length per litter.
 The Seram Imperial Pigeon (Ducula neglecta) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Typhlomangelia polythele is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Eupithecia contraria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Pakistan and Nepal.
 Acrobasis farsella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Amsel in 1950. It is found in Iran.
 Hypoplectrodes is a genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae). It contains eight species; six of which are endemic to Australia with one species endemic to New Zealand and another found in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.
 Cycloramphus duseni is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and caves.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sydaphera anxifer is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Common names: ground rattlesnakes pigmy rattlesnakes massasaugas.Sistrurus is a genus of venomous pit vipers found in Canada the United States and Mexico. The name is a Latinized form of the Greek word for tail rattler (Σείστρουρος Seistrouros) and shares its root with the ancient Egyptian musical instrument the sistrum a type of rattle. Three species are currently recognized.
 for the town in Mali see Sangai MaliThe Sangai is an endemic rare and endangered Brow-antlered deer found only in Manipur India. It is also state animal of Manipur. Its common English name is Manipur Brow-antlered Deer and the scientific name Rucervus eldii eldii McClelland. It lives in the marshy wetland in Keibul Lamjao about 45 km from Imphal. Its habitat is located in the southern parts of the Loktak Lake which is the largest freshwater lake in Eastern India.
 Stegodyphus lineatus is the only European species of the spider genus Stegodyphus.
 Barbus nigroluteus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Chonerhinos naritus is a species of freshwater pufferfish native to Southeast Asia. This species grows to a length of 28.5 centimetres (11.2 in) TL. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Chonerhinos. Its common names include bronze pufferfish and yellow pufferfish.It has been suggested that the genus name Chonerhinos is not valid and that the fish should be renamed. As of 2013 the name is still in use.
 Aphthona is a genus of beetle in the leaf beetle family Chrysomelidae native to Europe and Asia. More specifically Aphthona are flea beetles meaning they have enlarged hind legs for jumping away from potential danger.There are 135 species known from the Palaearctic region.This flea beetle genus is important because of the usefulness of some species in controlling leafy spurge a major invasive weed in parts of western North America.
 The Jelly Blubber (Catostylus mosaicus) also known as the Blue Blubber Jellyfish is a species of jellyfish from coastal regions in the Indo-Pacific. It is the most commonly encountered jellyfish along the Australian eastern coast and large swarms sometimes appear in estuarine waters.
 Eupithecia concremata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in central Asia.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 Raghuva was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Heliocheilus.
 Pilina solarium is an extinct species of a paleozoic Silurian monoplacophoran. It was first named as Palaeacmaea solarium and described by Gustaf Lindström from Silurian of Gotland in Sweden in 1884.
 Xylinophylla is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Semperdon uncatus is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Globodera ellingtonae is one of the potato cyst nematodes and was recently recognized as a new species in the United States. This triggered a quarantine of the fields where it was isolated to prevent the spread of this nematode to other fields.
 Lantanophaga anellatus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from India (Punjab and Himachal Pradesh).The wingspan is 12–13 mm.
 Udea fimbriatralis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain France Croatia Bosnia and Herzegovina Romania Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Turkey and Russia.
 Batrachedra hypoleuca is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Australia (including New South Wales).
 Austropyrgus grampianensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to western Victoria Australia. It is known from two small creeks in the Grampians.
 Heliodorus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Thrandina is a genus of jumping spiders with three species found in Ecuador. It is unique among New World salticids in having strikingly large posterior median eyes.Thrandina and its sister genus Galianora share the ancestral salticid traits of a tarsal claw on the female palpus and a median apophysis on the male palp. This is rare among neotropical salticids. Both genera are informally grouped as lapsiines together with Lapsias.
 Amaxia ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Discula testudinalis a species of small land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Colostethus mystax is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Moles are small cylindrical mammals adapted to a subterranean lifestyle. They have velvety fur; tiny or invisible ears and eyes reduced hindlimbs; and short powerful forelimbs with large paws positioned for digging.
 Castleshane is a racehorse who has been trained in Lincolnshire by Steve Gollings since moving to Britain from Ireland in 2000. In total the horse has won 8 flat races and 2 jumps races and has been placed 23 times. He is primarily a hurdler only having several runs over fences.
 Copelatus tucuchiensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily which belongs to the Dytiscidae family. Copelatus tucuchiensis has been described by Balfour-Browne in 1939.
 Dadica was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Athetis.
 Teretia thaumastopsis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Diceratura infantana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in France Portugal Spain Morocco and Algeria.The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July.
 The Eocrinidae are a family of early echinoderms that contain the genus Gogia.
 Teracotona pitmanni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Kenya.
 Fusinus gemmulifer is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Xylophanes lolita is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is only known from Pote in the Minas Gerais state of Brazil. It is likely to be restricted to this part of south-eastern Brazil which is known for its high level of endemism.It is very similar to Xylophanes loelia but is immediately distinguishable by its larger size wing shape and constant genital differences.
 Ginsburgellus novemlineatus the Nineline goby is a species of goby native to tropical reefs of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. It is frequently found associated with the sea urchin Echinometra lucunter living underneath the urchin. This species grows to a length of 2.5 centimetres (0.98 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Xenocona pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Xenocona.
 Acantharctia mundata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Ghana Ivory Coast Nigeria Sierra Leone Gambia and Uganda.
 Macrodontia Lepeletier & Audinet-Serville 1830 is a genus of American long-horned beetles of the subfamily Prioninae tribe Macrodontiini.
 Asthena melanosticta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 The giant barb or Siamese giant carp Catlocarpio siamensis (Thai: กระโห้ RTGS: kraho pronounced [krā.hôː] or กะมัน RTGS: kaman pronounced [kā.mān]; Khmer: ត្រីគល់រាំង trei kól reăng) is the largest species of cyprinid in the world. These migratory fish are found only in the Mae Klong Mekong and Chao Phraya river basins in Indochina. It has declined drastically due to habitat loss and overfishing and it is now considered Critically Endangered.
 Ernophthora phoenicias is a species of snout moths in the genus Ernophthora. It was described by Meyrick in 1887 and is known from Australia.
 Lophoplusia violacea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Drymonema is a genus of true jellyfish placed in its own family Drymonematidae. There are 3 species in this family. They are found in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.
 Coleophora helianthemella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France on the Iberian Peninsula and Sardinia as well as in Italy Greece and on Cyprus.The larvae feed on Cistus Fumana Helianthemum and Tuberaria species. They create a composite leaf case. The case is reddish brown although the rear end is yellow. Sometimes the case is entirely yellow. It is less than 10 mm long and the mouth angle is about 30°.
 Philautus hosii is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It occurs in Indonesia Malaysia and possibly Brunei.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scoparia ejuncida is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Knaggs in 1867. It is found in New Zealand.
 Angarichthys hyperboreus is an extinct homostiid arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian (either upper Eifelian or lower Givetian) of Siberia. It is known from an infragnathal plate an intero-lateral plate and a marginal plate found from the Middle Devonian strata of the Tynep Series formation near the Bakhta River. A.
 Melophorus (meaning honey carrier) is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae and the sole member of the tribe Melophorini.
 Afroarctia dargei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1976. It is found in Cameroon.
 Copelatus sordidipennis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1895.
 The Ochre-fronted Antpitta (Grallaricula ochraceifrons) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paratrogoderma mahense is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Paratrogoderma.
 Nemophora umbripennis is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Stringer in 1930. It is found on the Kuriles and in Japan.The wingspan is 14–16 mm for males and 13–14 mm for females.
 Neuroxena fulleri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and Nigeria.
 Omox biporos the Omox blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 4.6 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Haplovalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Euzophera climosa is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Dyar in 1914. It is found in Central America (including Panama) and northern South America (including French Guiana).
 Symphodus doderleini is a species of wrasse native to the coasts of the Mediterranean Sea through the Sea of Marmara. They can be found in beds of eelgrass at depths of from 2 to 40 m (6.6 to 131.2 ft). This species can reach 10 cm (3.9 in) in standard length.
 Bivitellobilharzia nairi common name elephant schistosome is part of the family Schistosomatidae. It is most closely related to the blood fluke Bivitellobilharzia loxodontae which uses African forest elephants (Loxodonta cyclotis) as a definitive host.
 Hippolais is a genus of tree warbler in the Acrocephalidae family. It is sometimes lumped together with the genus Iduna.It contains the following species: Upcher's Warbler (Hippolais languida) Olive-tree Warbler (Hippolais olivetorum) Melodious Warbler (Hippolais polyglotta) Icterine Warbler (Hippolais icterina)
 The roughskin dogfish Centroscymnus owstoni is a sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae found around the world on continental shelves in tropical subtropical and temperate seas at depths of between 100 and 1500 m. It reaches a length of 120 cm.
 Mordellistena bryani is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1949 by Ray.
 Sypnoides chinensis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Corymbophanes is a genus of armored catfish native to South America where they are only known from Guyana. Corymbophanes is the only genus within the tribe Corymbophanini.
 Terebra pellyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Gretna waga the Common Crepuscular Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests and open areas in the forest zone.Adults have been recorded feeding on the nectar of asclepiad flowers.The larvae feed on Elaeis guineense.
 Lichenaula is a genus of Australian oecophorid moth.The genus was first published by amateur entomologist Edward Meyrick in 1890.
 Empetrichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to the state of Nevada in the United States.
 Paracirrhites is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.
 Catocala fulminea is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Central Europe Southern Europe East Asia and Siberia. The xarippe lineage has been proposed to be a distinct and valid species in its own right instead of being only subspecifically distinct.The wingspan is 44–52 mm. The larvae feed on Prunus Crataegus pears and oaks.
 Cephetola bwamba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Kings Lake (foaled 14 May 1978) was an American bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. Despite not contesting any major races he was rated one of the best two-year-old colts in Ireland in 1980 when he won two of his three races. His three-year-old season was dominated by a controversial rivalry with the British-trained colt To-Agori-Mou: Kings Lake won two of their four meetings including the Irish 2000 Guineas and the Sussex Stakes.
 Chilorhinophis carpenteri or the Liwale two-headed snake is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
 Xanthophaeina is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Xanthophaeina levis which is found in Colombia and Brazil.
 Noguerana aliciae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Linsley in 1988.
 Acrolophus libitina is a moth of the Acrolophidae family.
 Recilia latifrons (rice broad-headed leafhopper) is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that can be found in countries such as China Japan Korea and the Russian maritime. It can be found on and feeds on rice plants.
 Mordellistena steppensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1965.
 Chalcides montanus is a species of skink found in the Atlas Mountains in Morocco. It was originally described as Chalcides ocellatus montanus.
 The Blue Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone cyanescens) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.It is mainly found in the understory of lowland primary and secondary forests however populations are likely to be declining owing to habitat loss.
 Byturidae also known as Fruitworms is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga. The larvae develop in fruits. Byturus unicolor affects species of Rubus and Geum the larvae of Raspberry beetle raspberry plants.There are two subfamilies: Platydascillinae and Byturinae. The distribution of Byturinae is holarctic. Species of Platydascillinae are found in southeast Asia.
 Gerespa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Persicoptera compsopa is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Ocinebrina miscowichae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Drobeta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Euaspa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The blacksmith tree frog (Hypsiboas faber) is a frog species in the family Hylidae found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests and ponds. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Coniopterygoidea is a lacewing superfamily in the suborder Hemerobiiformia. In some classifications Coniopterygoidea is an expansion used to signify that the spongillaflies (Sisyridae) and the dustywings (Coniopterygidae) are each other's closest relatives.
 Elachista crocogastra is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Madagascar and South Africa.The wingspan is about 6.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish white. The hindwings are white. Adults have been recorded in August December February and April.
 Cynopotamus is a species of characins from South America with 12 currently described species: Cynopotamus amazonum (Günther 1868) Cynopotamus argenteus (Valenciennes 1836) Cynopotamus atratoensis (C. H. Eigenmann 1907) Cynopotamus bipunctatus Pellegrin 1909 Cynopotamus essequibensis C. H. Eigenmann 1912 Cynopotamus gouldingi Menezes 1987 Cynopotamus juruenae Menezes 1987 Cynopotamus kincaidi (L. P.
 Sminthurus viridis the clover springtail or lucerne flea is a hexapod belonging to the order Collembola (the springtails). It is bright green with a roughly spherical body and often swarms in large numbers on living plants especially Fabaceae including alfalfa (which is sometimes called lucerne hence the first part of the common name).
 Pleurobema riddellii is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Arachnospila minutula is a spider wasp that lives in parts of the Palaearctic.
 Anectropis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Nyceryx nictitans is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Brazil to Argentina and in Peru and Bolivia. It can be distinguished from other Nyceryx species by the hindwing upperside which has an orange base a dark brown marginal band of even width and the lack of semitransparent spots. There are two or three thin black but distinct lines on the underside of the abdomen.Adults are probably on wing year round.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Aspidosperma macrocarpa.
 Hypatopa hera is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 5.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown and the hindwings are translucent pale brown
 Turbonilla nicarasana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Andrena hattorfiana is a species of mining bees belonging to the family Andrenidae subfamily Andreninae.
 Ergasilus is a genus of copepod crustaceans occurring in both the ocean and fresh water often called gill lice. The females are parasitic upon the gills of fishes. This is similar to members of the crustacean order Arguloida (fish lice). Being copepods gill lice have a single median eye on their head. The second antennae are modified into prehensile pincers. Male gill lice are free-living.Species include:
 Ricardo's squeaker (Synodontis ricardoae) is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Tanzania. This species grows to a length of 7.75 centimetres (3.05 in) TL.
 Neoscaptia albicollis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The Banded Hopper (Platylesches picanini) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda south-western Kenya Tanzania Malawi northern Zambia Mozambique Zimbabwe and South Africa (the Limpopo Province and Mpumalanga).
 The Gray-breasted Martin (Progne chalybea) is a large swallow.The nominate race P. c. chalybea breeds from Mexico through Central America south to central Brazil and on Trinidad. P. c. macrorhamphus breeds further south in South America to central Argentina.
 Endoclita absurdus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from China.
 Hypsopygia drabicilialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Yamanaka in 1968. It is found in Japan.
 Latirus mollis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Agallidwipa bispinosa is a species of leafhopper from Madagascar.
 Soritena is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Soritena habanera which is found on Cuba.
 Tarachodes alluaudi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Bar-crested Antshrike (Thamnophilus multistriatus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Gorogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic coast of Africa.
 The genus Glycera is a group of polychaetes (bristle worms) commonly known as blood worms. They are typically found on the bottom of shallow marine waters and some species (e.g. the common blood worm Glycera dibranchiata) are extensively harvested along the Northeastern coast of the United States for use as bait in fishing. Another common species is the tufted gilled bloodworm G. americana.
 Phalaenea crataegella redirects here. The species misidentified thus by Hübner in 1796 is Eudonia lacustrata.Tinea cornella redirects here. This name has been frequently misapplied to the Apple Blossom Tineid (Argyresthia curvella).The Hawthorn Moth (Scythropia crataegella) is a species of ermine moth (family Yponomeutidae) from western Eurasia.
 Lamoria fumidea is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Whalley in 1964. It is found in China.
 Antheraeopsis is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Symbolophorus is a genus of lanternfishes. It feeds on various small forms of sea life in particular fish.
 Myoleja boninensis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae.
 Macella euritiusalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Congo Nigeria Sierra Leone and from Madagascar.The wingspan of this species is around 32-34mm.
 Anthia thoracica the Two-spotted Ground Beetle is a species of beetles of the family Carabidae.
 Camponotini is a tribe containing several ant genera including Camponotus.
 Bittium perpusillum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Geophis is a genus of colubrid snakes that belong to the Xenodontinae subfamily and are typically referred to as Latin American earth snakes (Spanish: culebra minera or culebra minadora). The genus consists of over forty distinct species.
 Propionycha is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Propionycha argentinica Liebke 1928 Propionycha bruchi Liebke 1928↑
 Xenoconger fryeri is an eel of the family Chlopsidae which inhabits tropical waters around Assumption Island and Aldabra in the Indian Ocean and New Caledonia Palau Fiji and Hawaii in the Pacific Ocean. It is the only species in its genus.
 Undina is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth lobe-finned fish an intermediary form between sea and land animals which lived during the Late Jurassic period.
 Clausiliidae common name door snails are a taxonomic family of small very elongate mostly left-handed air-breathing land snails sinistral terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.With about 1300[citation needed] species recent and fossil this belong among the most diverse families of land gastropods (cf.
 Diaea evanida (also called the Pink Flower Spider) is a species of arachnid in the Thomisidae family. It is found in Queensland Australia.
 Tochara is a species of moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Borneo.The male has a wingspan of approx. 18mm and the female of 20mm.
 Anophthalmus is a genus of ground beetle endemic to Europe. It contains the following species: Anophthalmus aidovskanus Ganglbauer 1913 Anophthalmus alphonsi J.
 The Red-tailed bumblebee (Bombus lapidarius) is a species of bumblebee in the subgenus Melanobombus.
 Dypterygia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Megaceron is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Megaceron antennicrassum (Martins 1960) Megaceron australe (Martins 1960)↑
 Wheel of Fortune (1876 – November 1903) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a career that lasted from July 1878 to August 1879 she ran eleven times times and won ten races. She was the best British two-year-old of either sex in 1878 when she went unbeaten in six races. The following year she won the 1000 Guineas the Epsom Oaks the Prince of Wales's Stakes and the Yorkshire Oaks before being injured when suffering her only defeat.
 Basketweave cusk-eel (Ophidion scrippsae) is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae. Widespread in the Eastern Pacific Ocean from Point Arguello in California USA to Baja California. Marine subtropical demersal fish up to 28 cm long.
 Scinax hayii is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland urban areas heavily degraded former forest and ponds.
 Oncorhynchus masou known as the Masu salmon or the Cherry salmon Cherry trout Yamame trout is a species of salmon found in the Western Pacific Ocean along East Asia ranging from the Kamchatka Kuril Islands Sakhalin Primorsky Krai south through Korea Taiwan and Japan). There are a number of subspecies including Oncorhynchus masou masou (e.g.
 The Rusty-flanked Crake (Laterallus levraudi) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and water storage areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paranevadella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 Protohepialus is an extinct genus of moth in the Hepialidae family. It contains only one species Protohepialus comstocki which was described from a Tortonian marine shale (Upper Miocene) in the Puente Formation of California.
 Chamaesipho columna is the type species for the barnacle genus Chamaesipho. Originally species concept as refined by Darwin472 consisted of C. columna. Spengler's 1790 description included specimens from Otaheite (Tahiti) which were far larger than any of the three described species. As Chamaesipho is restricted to Australia and New Zealand and Spengler's Tahiti material lacked opercular plates it is no longer included as Chamaesipho.
 The Baudó Oropendola (Psarocolius cassini) is a species of bird in the Icteridae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Angel Island chuckwalla (Sauromalus hispidus) (also known as the spiny chuckwalla) is a species of chuckwalla lizard belonging to the Iguanidae family endemic to Isla Ángel de la Guarda (Angel Island) in the Sea of Cortés. The species was transported to other islands by a tribe of the Seri as a potential food source.
 Nudipleura are a clade of sea snails and sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks within the large clade Heterobranchia.
 The Durango mud turtle (Kinosternon durangoense) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family endemic to Mexico. It is found in Chihuahua Coahuila and Durango.
 The Loblolly Pine Coneworm Moth (Dioryctria merkeli) is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Mutuura and Munroe in 1979 and is found in the eastern United States including Maryland Texas Mississippi Georgia and Florida.The larvae feed on Pinus species. They bore into the cambium of the trunk branches and twigs of their host plant.
 Blastobasis rotullae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.2–5.9 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales or with brownish-grey scales tipped with pale brown intermixed with pale-brown scales. The hindwings are translucent brownish grey gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Bathytoma arbucklei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Proeulia tricornuta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Maule Region).The wingspan is 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with pale brownish ochreoussuffusions and numerous blackish brown dots. The hindwings are cream somewhat suffused with brownish on the periphery.
 The shaheen falcon (Falco peregrinus peregrinator) is a non-migratory subspecies of the Peregrine Falcon found mainly on the Indian subcontinent and the nearby island of Sri Lanka.[citation needed] It has also been described as a migratory subspecies. Other common names for the subspecies include the Indian peregrine falcon black shaheen falcon black shaheen Indian shaheen or simply the shaheen and the word shaheen in these names may also be spelled as shahin.
 Neosyntaxis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. It contains only one species Neosyntaxis warringtonella which is found in Papua New Guinea. The habitat consists of mountainous areas.
 A sand lance or sandlance is a fish belonging to the family Ammodytidae. Several species of sand lances are commonly known as sand eels or sandeels though they are not related to true eels. Another variant name is launce and all names of the fish are references to its slender body and pointed snout.
 Clubiona vegeta is a sac spider species found in Europe Central Asia North Africa and the Canary Islands.
 Xysticus is a genus of ground crab spiders described by C. L. Koch in 1835 belonging to the order Araneae family Thomisidae. The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek root xyst meaning scraped scraper.
 The Parthenice Tiger Moth (Grammia parthenice) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Southeastern Canada and the eastern United States. The moths are common in fields and woodland edges from June to late September. The moth is nocturnal and is attracted to light sources.The wingspan is about 7.5 cm (3 inches. The forewings and the thorax are black with a complex network of bold white veining and white margins. The hind wings and abdomen are orange-pink with black patches.
 Ocnerostoma piniariella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Europe. The species closely resembles Ocnerostoma friesei.The wingspan is ca. 9 mm. The moth flies in one generation from June to August. .The larvae feed on Scots Pine.
 Pagurus samuelis the blueband hermit crab is a species of hermit crab from the west coast of North America and the most common hermit crab in California. It is a small species with distinctive blue bands on its legs. It prefers to live in the shell of the black turban snail and is a nocturnal scavenger of algae and carrion.
 The Yellow-winged Pytilia (Pytilia hypogrammica) also known as the Red-faced Pytilia is an African estrildid finch. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 250000 km².It is commonly found at Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad The Democratic Republic of the Congo Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Sternacanthus undatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Oliver in 1795.
 Tridentiger bifasciatus the Shimofuri goby is a species of goby native to marine brackish and fresh waters along the coasts of eastern Asia. It has also been introduced to the Pacific Coast of the United States. This species can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL.
 Temnora inornatum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from South Africa.The length of the forewings is about 26 mm. It is similar to Temnora nitida but the broad oblique band on the forewing upperside is narrowed and angled. The forewing upperside has an oblique brown band. The hindwing upperside has a marginal band intermediate in intensity and definition between those of Temnora murina and Temnora nitida.
 Nearcha nullata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is mainly found in Australia more specifically in the South-Eastern quarter including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The larvae feed on Dillwynia parvifolia.
 The Banda Island dtella (Gehyra barea) is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra native to the Banda Islands.
 Hexachaeta rupta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Codringtonia acarnanica is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae the typical snails. This species is endemic to Greece.
 The green and golden bell frog (Litoria aurea) also named the green bell frog green and golden swamp frog and green frog is a ground-dwelling tree frog native to eastern Australia. Despite its classification and climbing abilities it does not live in trees and spends almost all of its time close to ground level.
 Mordellistena rufilabris is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Liljeblad in 1945.
 Elminius modestus is a species of barnacle in the family Balanidae native to Australia Tasmania and New Zealand but now spread to Britain and the north west coasts of Europe. It reaches a maximum size of about 10 millimetres (0.39 in) in diameter.
 Brevoxathres is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Brevoxathres albobrunneus (Gilmour 1962) Brevoxathres fasciata Gilmour 1959 Brevoxathres irrorata Monne 2007 Brevoxathres seabrai Monne 2007 Brevoxathres x-littera (Melzer 1932)↑
 Scutiger liupanensis is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is endemic to Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vexillum renatoi is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Oregocerata recurrens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Cotopaxi Province).The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish tinged with brown and spotted with dark brown. The hindwings are cream slightly mixed with ochreous apically.
 Polyphaenis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Oenopota impressa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
